--- Page 1 ---
de Volksbank N.V. 
(incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited liability company 
and having its corporate seat in Utrecht, the Netherlands) 
 
 
€ 25,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base 
Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer at https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-
relations/debt-informatie/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes. This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of 
the base prospectus dated 14 October 2022 and any supplements thereto and accordingly supersedes any earlier base 
prospectus, which does not affect any notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
The Issuer has requested the AFM to provide the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier, with a Notification. The Issuer may request the AFM to provide competent authorities in additional 
Member States within the EEA with a Notification. 
 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for a period of up to twelve (12) months from the date of its approval by 
the AFM and shall expire on 12 October 2024, at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply 
upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Under this Programme the Issuer may from time to time issue Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, if any. As set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed € 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency calculated as 
described herein).  
 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified below and any additional Dealer appointed in 
respect of Notes under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing 
basis. The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are 
referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of those Notes. Notes may be distributed by way of public offers or private 
placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each relevant 
Series or Tranche, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The full terms and conditions of each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer are constituted by the Terms and Conditions 
as set out in full in section 2.1 (TERMS AND CONDITIONS) of this Base Prospectus, which terms and conditions 
constitute the basis of all Notes to be offered under the Programme, together with the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant issue of Notes, which complete the Terms and Conditions in the manner required to reflect the particular terms 
and conditions applicable to the relevant Series or Tranche.  
 
The Notes of each Tranche will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note which will be deposited on the issue date thereof either (i) with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) with 
Euroclear Nederland. See section 0 (Form of the Notes).

--- Page 2 ---
The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes will be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions, in which case a supplementary prospectus, a new base prospectus or a drawdown prospectus, if required, 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes and which will be 
subject to the prior approval of the AFM. 
 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as the 
case may be, during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus and which listing will apply if 
so indicated in the Final Terms. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed and admitted to trading on 
any other EEA stock exchange or regulated market specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes under the Programme. The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed, quoted and/or traded and, if so, on or by which competent listing authority(ies) or stock exchange(s) and/or 
quotation system(s). 
 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and the Notes are described in section 1.3 (The Issuer) under 'Rating Agencies'.  
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Fitch, S&P and 
Moody's are established in the EU and each of them is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes, if applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether 
or not a credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation or established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation, will in each case be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to United States tax 
law requirements. Except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons. 
 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors described 
in section 1.1 (Risk Factors) of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
EU MiFID II product governance / target market: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
"EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the manufacturer('s/s') target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer('s/s') target market 
assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer('s/s') target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Arranger and/or any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer under the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Benchmarks Regulation: Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
("Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that 
an administrator and/or a benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administers and benchmarks at the date 
of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator or benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with the documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
herein 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/investor-relations/debt-information/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes, and may 
be obtained by contacting the Issuer by telephone (+31 302914246/ +31 302914807) or by e-mail: 
jacob.bosscha@devolksbank.nl and davey.hak@devolksbank.nl) and together with the applicable Final Terms relating to 
the specific Tranches. 
 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus (other than the hyperlinks 
contained in section 1.10 (Documents Incorporated by Reference) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM.  
 
Capitalised 
terms 
used 
herein 
have 
the 
meaning 
ascribed 
thereto 
in 
chapter 
CHAPTER 
3 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS (Glossary of Defined Terms).

--- Page 4 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 October 2023. 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
DEALER 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.

--- Page 5 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES AND PRINCIPAL FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................... 6 
CHAPTER 1 INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE ISSUER .................................... 19 
1.1. 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 19 
1.2. 
CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS .................................................................................................. 52 
1.3. 
THE ISSUER ......................................................................................................................................... 56 
1.4. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 69 
1.5. 
FORM OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 75 
1.6. 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 77 
1.7. 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 80 
1.8. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 84 
1.9. 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 88 
1.10. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 90 
CHAPTER 2 NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER ................................................................................................ 92 
2.1. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS .................................................................................................................. 92 
2.2. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 143 
CHAPTER 3 GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................. 157

--- Page 6 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PARTIES AND PRINCIPAL FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the parties and of the principal features of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and must be read as an introduction to this 
Base Prospectus. This overview is not a summary within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any 
decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including any 
amendment and/or supplement hereto and the documents incorporated by reference herein. The following overview does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes and the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions 
defined in the Terms and Conditions or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless 
otherwise stated. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following. 
 
 
PARTIES 
 
Issuer: 
de Volksbank N.V., incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap), having its corporate seat in Utrecht, 
the Netherlands and registered with the Commercial Register of the 
Chamber of Commerce under number 16062338. The Legal Entity Identifier 
of the Issuer is 724500A1FNICHSDF2I11. 
 
Arranger: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., a cooperative with excluded liability 
(coöperatie met uitgesloten aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the laws 
of the Netherlands. 
 
Dealer(s): 
Rabobank, and any additional Dealers appointed to the Programme or for 
a particular Tranche of Notes by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA. 
 
Paying Agents: 
 
The Agent and Rabobank.  
 
Amsterdam Paying Agent:  
Rabobank. 
 
 
THE NOTES 
 
Description: 
Programme of the Issuer. 
 
Programme size: 
Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme issued by the 
Issuer will not exceed € 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency calculated as described herein). The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealership 
Agreement. 
 
Regulatory Matters: 
Notes in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see section 1.8 
(Subscription and Sale). 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offers or private placements and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the Notes may be 
issued in euros and such other currencies as may be agreed between the

--- Page 7 ---
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian 
dollars, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, Hong Kong dollars, pound 
sterling, Swiss francs, United States dollars and Japanese yen. 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and restrictions and 
subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, to a 
minimum maturity of five (5) years. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) initially be represented by a Global Note.  
 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN-form or in the 
form of a classic Global Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date either (i) with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system or (ii) with Euroclear Nederland, and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in NGN-form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue 
Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
 
The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable as described therein for, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either a Permanent Global Note 
or definitive Notes upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including, in the 
case of a Temporary Global Note where the issue is subject to TEFRA D 
selling restrictions, upon certification of non-United States beneficial 
ownership as required by United States Treasury regulations.  
 
A permanent Global Note (other than a Permanent Global Note deposited 
with Euroclear Nederland) is exchangeable for definitive Notes only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in section 1.5 (Form of 
the Notes). Delivery (uitlevering) of definitive Notes represented by a Global 
Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland shall only be possible in the 
limited circumstances as described in the Wge and such delivery will be 
made in accordance with the Wge and the rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Nederland (as amended from time to time). Any interest in a 
Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of either (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) Euroclear 
Nederland, as appropriate. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes means Notes which will bear interest at a fixed rate, 
payable on such date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes means Notes which will bear interest either at:

--- Page 8 ---
(i) 
a rate determined on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by ISDA) and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) 
or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service or on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, being EURIBOR, 
€STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SONIA, 
or by the use of Mid Swap Rate (as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms), Rate of Exchange or another benchmark.  
 
If the Reference Rate has been discontinued or, inter alia, a Benchmark 
Event, an €STR Index Cessation Event or SOFR Index Cessation Event 
has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the Notes may be determined for the 
relevant period by reference to a substitute, alternative or successor rate, 
in accordance with the applicable fallback provision set out in Condition 
(c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or Condition (c)7(d) (Replacement Reference 
Rate). If the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute, 
alternative or successor rate, the rate of interest may ultimately be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before, 
inter alia, the Benchmark Event, the €STR Index Cessation Event or the 
SOFR Index Cessation Event occurred, which may ultimately result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate 
Note. 
 
Margin: 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Specified Interest Period(s)  
or Specified Interest Payment  
Date(s) for Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Such period(s) or date(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in 
such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation 
to Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum 
Rate of Interest or both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any) (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero coupon notes means Notes which will be offered and sold at a discount 
or at a premium to their nominal amount or at par and will not bear interest 
other than in the case of late payment.

--- Page 9 ---
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that (a) the Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specific instalments, if 
applicable, or for tax reasons as described in Condition (c)9(b) (Redemption 
for tax reasons) or following an Event of Default) or (b) such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days' irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period, if any, as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and 
at a price or prices and on such terms as are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Redemption may be subject to prior (written) permission of the Competent 
Authority and certain other conditions, as set out further in Condition 9 
(REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE). 
 
Redemption for regulatory purposes: 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event redeem the Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer 
has notified the relevant Subordinated Noteholders on giving not less than 
thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable notice, or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance 
with Condition 16 (NOTICES). Additionally, redemption of the Subordinated 
Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 
78 CRR, which may include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at such time. The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption.  
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
upon the occurrence of an MREL Event redeem the Notes qualifying as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but not in part, at any time, 
on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable 
notice to the holder of Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). Additionally, redemption of the 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, is subject to (i) 
the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 
77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that it meets the conditions set out in Article 78a CRR, which may 
include requiring the replacement of the Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer 
and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time. 
  
Variation or Substitution: 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms of the 
Subordinated Notes and if a Capital Event and/or a CRD Capital Event 
and/or (if specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an 
ALAC Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject

--- Page 10 ---
to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority provided that 
at the relevant time such permission is required to be given (including, 
without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such variation or 
substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated 
Noteholders) and on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) 
days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and/or 
(if the ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable) are eligible under the ALAC of the Issuer. Upon the expiry of the 
notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or 
substitute, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition (c)9(d) 
(Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes), as the 
case may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favourable to the Subordinated Noteholders. 
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may upon the occurrence of an MREL Event and/or in respect of any 
Notes other than the Senior Preferred MREL Notes (if ALAC Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC 
Event, at its option and at any time substitute the Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of 
all (but not some only) of such Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
respectively, subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent 
Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to 
be given (including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such variation or substitution as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time (but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities) in such a way that they are eligible 
for the purposes of the MREL Requirement and/or in respect of any Notes 
other than the Senior Preferred MREL Notes (if ALAC Event is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), are eligible under the ALAC 
of the Issuer on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' 
irrevocable notice to the holders of the Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). 
 
Such variation or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less 
favourable to the interests of holders of Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. Following such variation or substitution, the resulting securities 
shall: (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the 
same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (3) have the 
same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (4) preserve any existing rights under the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities to any accrued

--- Page 11 ---
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, 
(5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange if the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities were 
listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
 
Effectuating a "Regulatory Call" and/or "Variation or Substitution" as 
described in the previous paragraphs is subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time 
such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, variation or 
substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
 
Instalments: 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that Notes may be repayable in two 
or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as specified in it. 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
or regulatory authority (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination (and in respect of Notes issued at a discount to their nominal 
amount, the minimum issue price) of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be € 100,000 (or if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
 
Taxation: 
 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges, unless required by applicable law. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Issuer will be 
required to pay certain additional amounts in accordance with and subject 
to certain exceptions as provided in Condition 10 (TAXATION). If the 
applicable Final Terms specify that payments are to be made subject to 
withholding of applicable taxes in accordance with Condition 10 
(TAXATION) first paragraph under a), it will also specify that Condition 
(c)9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) will not apply to the Notes.  
 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
 
Cross Default: 
None. 
 
Types of Notes: 
The following Notes can be issued under the Programme: 
a. 
Senior Preferred Notes; 
b. 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes; 
c. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
d. 
Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Notes; and 
e. 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Senior Preferred Notes:  
 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior 
Preferred Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons with all 
other present and future unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes), save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior 
or senior in accordance with or by operation of applicable law and, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes rank senior to the Subordinated Notes 
and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the 
Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in 
bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers 
being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
 
Although the Senior Preferred Notes rank pari passu to the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes differ from the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes as to certain of their characteristics. This is, because the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL Regulations applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time and which MREL Regulations impose restrictions on those 
characteristics, while the Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to qualify 
as such and are thus not subject to such restrictions. 
 
 
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Senior Preferred MREL Notes: 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons 
with all other present and future unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Senior Preferred Notes), save for those preferred or otherwise 
ranking junior or senior in accordance with or by operation of applicable law 
and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. The Senior Preferred MREL Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In the case resolution proceedings are 
commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the 
aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the 
relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of 
claims, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the 
extent that any Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such 
Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately exercise a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be 
derived from the relevant Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the related 
Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-
off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting

--- Page 13 ---
by a Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Events of Default of Senior Preferred MREL Notes are restricted to 
bankruptcy and liquidation and repayment following an Event of Default may 
be subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority. 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
for the purposes of the MREL Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time 
to time. 
 
Although the Senior Preferred MREL Notes rank pari passu to the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes differ from the Senior 
Preferred Notes as to certain of their characteristics. This is, because the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL Regulations applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time and which MREL Regulations impose restrictions on those 
characteristics, while the Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to qualify 
as such and are thus not subject to such restrictions. 
 
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated, 
unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower 
ranking within the meaning of article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, 
in the Netherlands) and shall at all times rank (i) pari passu without any 
preference among the Senior Non-Preferred Notes themselves and the 
related Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future claims 
in respect of unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb 
of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the 
Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other than those 
obligations that in accordance with or by operation of law rank either in 
priority or junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (ii) senior to (a) the 
Issuer's ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, including any obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital and (b) the 
Subordinated Notes, and (iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of 
the Issuer, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes and unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes (and those 
obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank in 
priority to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes) and (other) excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) 
of the CRR. 
 
As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes against the Issuer are subordinated to, (a) 
the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits that 
in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank equally to or lower 
than the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and (d) all other present and 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (including those that in accordance with or by

--- Page 14 ---
operation of applicable law rank in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
 
Other than in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer (or, as mentioned 
further below, in case of resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer), 
the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes of each Series and the 
related Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer rank pari passu to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and other 
unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer 
and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in 
bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers 
being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
 
No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may 
at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the 
extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately exercise a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be 
derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related 
Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-
off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting 
by a Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Events of Default of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are restricted to 
bankruptcy and liquidation and repayment following an Event of Default may 
be subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities for 
the purposes of the MREL Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time. 
 
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
The principal amount and interest due under Subordinated Notes that do 
not qualify as Tier 2 Notes constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any 
preference among the principal amount and interest due under the 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes themselves and with 
the interest due under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and 
all other present and future unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations that in 
accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) senior to the principal amount due 
under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and any other own 
funds instruments within the meaning of Article 212rf of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (or any other provision implementing Article 48(7) of 
Directive 2014/59/EU in the Netherlands) and (iii) junior to those

--- Page 15 ---
subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes that do not qualify 
as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
The principal amount due under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 
Notes constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any preference among the 
principal amount due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 
Notes themselves (other than those subordinated obligations that in 
accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or 
junior to the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and (ii) junior 
to the principal amount and interest due under the Subordinated Notes that 
do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the interest due under the Subordinated 
Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
The interest due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
rank (i) pari passu without any preference among the interest due under the 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes themselves and with the 
principal amount and interest due under Subordinated Notes that do not 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes and all other present and future unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those 
subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank either in priority or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and 
(ii) senior to the principal amount due under the Subordinated Notes that 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes and any other own funds instruments within the 
meaning of Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (or any other provision 
implementing Article 48(7) of Directive 2014/59/EU in the Netherlands) and 
(iii) junior to those subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by 
operation of applicable law rank in priority to the interest due under the 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
All Subordinated Notes 
 
As a result, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims 
of Subordinated Noteholders against the Issuer are subordinated to Senior 
Claims. 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder 
will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made 
after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims have been 
satisfied and payments to a holder of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 
2 Notes in respect of principal amount thereof will in such case only be made 
after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from (i) the Subordinated Notes 
that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, (ii) the interest due under the 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (iii) other unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not own 
funds instruments have been satisfied. 
 
No Subordinated Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of 
set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes. To the extent that any 
Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and 
irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable 
law, such Subordinated Noteholder is required to immediately exercise a 
Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the principal amount

--- Page 16 ---
and interest due under the relevant Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has 
received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other 
set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility or 
impossibility of any set-off or netting by a Subordinated Noteholder shall be 
exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Events of Default of Subordinated Notes are restricted to bankruptcy and 
liquidation and repayment following an Event of Default may be subject to 
the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority. 
 
The Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 Capital for the purposes of 
the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time and/or 
may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
 
Indicative overview of the ranking of 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes, 
Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes in bankruptcy and resolution: 
 
 
For illustration purposes only, below is a non-exhaustive tabular overview 
of the ranking of the Notes among each other and relative to possible 
obligations of the Issuer that may rank senior or junior to the Notes. This 
overview does not address differences in ranking within classes, contractual 
or non-contractual deviations and other exceptions. The fact that reference 
is made to certain types of notes in the overview below does not necessarily 
entail that such notes have been issued by the Issuer and are currently 
outstanding.  
 
Ranking in bankruptcy1 
Obligations preferred in accordance with or by 
operation of applicable law2 
Senior debt  
(such as Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes) 
Senior non-preferred debt  
(such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
Subordinated debt  
(such as principal 
amount and interest 
due under 
Subordinated Notes not 
being Tier 2 Notes) 
Tier 2 
(interest due under Tier 2 
Notes) 
Tier 2 
(principal amount of Tier 2 Notes) 
AT1 
CET1 
 
Ranking in resolution3 
CET1 
AT1 
 
1 Subject to certain exceptions, see section 1.1 (Risk Factors) – 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event 
in respect of the Issuer could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders''. 
2 For example, including DGS-deposit obligations and obligations to tax authorities and secured creditors.  
3 Subject to certain exceptions, see section 1.1 (Risk Factors) – 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event 
in respect of the Issuer could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders''.

--- Page 17 ---
Tier 2  
(principal amount of Tier 2 Notes) 
Subordinated debt  
(such as principal 
amount and interest due 
under Subordinated 
Notes not being Tier 2 
Notes) 
Tier 2 
(interest due under Tier 
2 Notes) 
Senior non-preferred debt  
(such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
Senior debt  
(such as Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes) 
Obligations preferred in accordance with or by 
operation of applicable law4 
 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation: 
 
 
The Notes may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation, all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced or converted into (claims 
which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise 
be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority, 
as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default 
and (iii) Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so 
written down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result 
of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
 
The Notes will not be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation if and to the extent the Applicable Resolution Framework 
is not deemed to apply retrospectively with respect to such Notes and/or the 
Issuer.  
 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and 
without the consent of the Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution 
Framework. 
 
Ratings:
 
 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and certain Notes are described in the 
section Error! Reference source not found. (The Issuer), under 'Rating 
Agencies'. 
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, its expected rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency without prior notice.  
 
Listing: 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or other EEA stock exchanges. Unlisted 
Notes may also be issued. The Final Terms relating to each issue will state 
 
4 For example, including DGS-deposit obligations and obligations to tax authorities and secured creditors.

--- Page 18 ---
whether or not the Notes are to be listed and, if so, on which exchange(s). 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Dutch 
law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the EEA, UK, Japan and the 
United States, Zero Coupon Notes and there may be other selling 
restrictions in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Series or 
Tranche of Notes. See section 1.8 (Subscription and Sale). 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, that are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes 
and which are material for taking an informed investment decision. These 
are set out in section 1.1 (Risk Factors) and include, amongst others, the 
fact that the Issuer's results and the performance of the Notes can be 
adversely affected by (i) general economic conditions, (ii) competition, (iii) 
regulatory change, (iv) changes in fiscal laws, (v) standard banking risks 
including changes in interest and foreign exchange rates, (vi) operational, 
credit, market, liquidity, legal risk and (vii) certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme, which include the following categories of risk factors: 
 
Risk factors regarding the Issuer 
 
A. 
Risks related to the issuer's financial situation; 
B. 
Risks related to the issuer's business activities and industry; 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risks; 
D. 
Internal control risk; and  
E. 
ESG risks. 
 
Risk factors regarding the Notes 
 
A. 
Risks related to the nature, structure and issuance of the Notes; 
B. 
Risks related to Notes generally; and  
C. 
Risks related to the admission of the securities to trading on a 
regulated market.

--- Page 19 ---
CHAPTER 1 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE ISSUER 
 
1.1. RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these risk 
factors and events are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes are also described below.  
 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the remaining 
risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually materialising, of the potential 
significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously. While 
the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. Where a risk factor could 
belong in more than one category, such risk factor is included in the category that is deemed the most appropriate by the 
Issuer. 
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent to investing in the Notes, but 
the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks investing in any Notes are 
exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known to the 
Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be important and 
may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's group business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Prospective investors should carefully read and review the entire Base Prospectus and should form their own 
views before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own 
stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks 
entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the prospective investor's 
personal circumstances.  
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER  
 
A. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
 
1. 
The Issuer faces substantial funding and liquidity risk  
The Issuer's primary sources of funding are customer deposits and wholesale funding. Customer deposits are 
currently the main funding source of the Issuer. The amount of such deposits can be volatile and future amounts 
cannot be predicted with complete certainty. Since the COVID-19 crisis, the Issuer has disposed a structurally higher 
amount of customer deposits. The amount of mortgage loans on the Issuer's balance sheet is therefore currently 
lower than the amount of customer deposits attracted. The amount of these deposits is sensitive to the savings rates 
the Issuer pays. This has resulted in a certain dependency on wholesale funding in the money markets and capital 
markets including the use of securitisation of the mortgage loan portfolio and the issuance of covered bonds. This 
leads to the diversification of funding through longer fixed maturities, which facilitates liquidity and funding planning. 
The equity and liability mix of the Issuer consisted of 14% debt instruments and equity, amounting to a total of EUR 
9.2 billion in wholesale funding, whereas the percentage of customer deposits taken was 86% (being an amount of 
EUR 56.1 billion) as per 30 June 2023. This leads to the loan-to-deposit ratio of 91%. 
Good access to the money markets and capital markets may be necessary to finance the growth of the Issuer's 
mortgage loan portfolio and to refinance all its outstanding loans with a shorter maturity than the mortgage loans in 
which the money is invested. Access to wholesale funding may be negatively affected by concerns about the credit 
strength of the Issuer or a downgrade of any of the ratings of the Issuer (for whatever reason), but may also be 
influenced, inter alia, by concerns about the market segments in which the Issuer is active, or by a general market 
disruption. Any such factors may result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the money markets 
and capital markets and may also affect or effectively limit access to these markets. Although in addition to customer 
deposits and wholesale funding the Issuer may have access to the ECB facilities, the sensitivity of the Issuer to a 
liquidity risk is substantial. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer has insufficient liquid assets available in the short

--- Page 20 ---
or long term to meet its financial obligations, under normal circumstances or in times of stress, without incurring 
unacceptable costs or losses. The majority of the Issuer's customer deposits are non-maturing liabilities, meaning 
that such deposits can be freely withdrawn by the customers at any time, which may lead to the Issuer having 
insufficient liquid assets available if all such deposits are withdrawn in a short period of time. The customer deposits 
that can be freely withdrawn make up an amount of EUR 42,608 million on a total of EUR 44,501 million in customers' 
savings at year-end 2022. In the first half of 2023, the liquidity position of the Issuer remained substantially higher 
than its internal targets and regulatory requirements (as at 30 June 2023, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of the 
Issuer stood at 297%). The Issuer may however have difficulties in meeting its financial obligations if the liquidity risk 
described above materialises and its balance sheet structure may develop in such a way that the Issuer is excessively 
exposed to disruptions in its funding sources. 
 
2. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of a downgrade of any of its credit ratings  
Ratings in relation to the Issuer are described in section Error! Reference source not found. (The Issuer) under 
'Rating Agencies'. A downgrade of any of the Issuer's ratings would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for 
the Issuer in the capital markets. Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, 
because investing in the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the Issuer's 
possible reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, a downgrade of any 
of the Issuer's ratings may limit its opportunities to operate in certain business areas. For example, the Issuer may 
hedge its positions in the derivatives market to manage its trading or investment risks in this market, also in relation 
to issuances under this Programme. When rating triggers are present, a decline in the rating of the Issuer below a 
certain level can alter the obligations of parties to an agreement, such as providing a counterparty to a derivatives 
contract with the right to demand collateral or lenders the right to demand repayment of a loan. Additionally, a lower 
rating may result in the Issuer having to post (additional) collateral, counterparties being unwilling to trade with the 
Issuer and/or a credit rating event being triggered which could potentially result in trades being terminated early. 
 
3. 
The Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme may have a material adverse effect on its results 
of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer is a participant in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel). As a result, the Issuer and 
other financial institutions are required to quarterly pay risk-weighted contributions into a fund to cover future drawings 
under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The fund, in which the Issuer participates, is expected to grow to a target size 
of at least 0.8% of all deposits guaranteed under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, which should be reached by 2024. 
This quick growth could have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition. The ultimate costs involved with 
making compensation payments under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme are allocated among the participating banks 
by DNB, based on an allocation key related to their market shares with respect to the deposits protected by the 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme. Additionally, the Issuer may be faced with extra costs for coverage if any claims are 
made under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme as a result of any financial institution participating in the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme failing to pay claims against it. Consequently, the ultimate costs to the industry of payments which 
may become due under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme remain uncertain although they may be significant and the 
associated costs borne by the Issuer under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme may have a material adverse effect on 
its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
In November 2015, the European Commission proposed to set up a European deposit insurance scheme (''EDIS'') 
for bank deposits in the euro area. EDIS is considered to be the third pillar of and would complete the EU’s banking 
union. The EDIS proposal builds on the system of national deposit guarantee schemes governed by Directive 
2014/49/EU (as amended, "DGS Directive"). The scheme would develop in different stages and the contributions of 
EDIS will progressively increase over time. The new model intends to achieve ‘cost-neutrality’ for the banking sector 
when switching to EDIS. At this time, however, it is not yet clear if, when and in what form EDIS will come into effect 
and how this may affect the Issuer’s costs in having to contribute to compensation schemes like EDIS. 
 
4. 
The Issuer has issued 403-guarantees and the enforcement thereof could have an adverse effect on its 
financial position 
The Issuer has provided 403-guarantees as referred to in Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code (exemption from filing 
and publishing financial statements). 
 
As at the date hereof, the Issuer has issued 403-guarantees for the following subsidiaries: ASN Duurzame 
Deelnemingen N.V., Pettelaar Effectenbewaarbedrijf N.V. and SNS Global Custody B.V. In the 403-guarantee the 
Issuer declares itself to be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of the relevant subsidiary resulting from legal

--- Page 21 ---
acts executed by it. See also section 1.3 (The Issuer) under 'Guarantees pursuant to Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil 
Code for Propertize'. 
 
If enforced in accordance with its terms, the Issuer may be held liable under these 403-guarantees and therefore may 
incur payment obligations towards creditor(s) of the relevant subsidiary for which it issued a 403-guarantee. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not held liable under any of the 403-guarantees issued by it. However, 
any enforcement of a 403-guarantee issued by the Issuer could have an adverse effect on the financial position of 
the Issuer.  
 
B. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
 
1. 
The business of the Issuer is primarily concentrated in the Netherlands  
The Issuer generates most of its income in the Netherlands and therefore is particularly exposed to the economic, 
political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the Netherlands may be negatively 
influenced by conditions in the global financial markets and economy. The Dutch economy grew by 4.4% in 2022, 
after a 6.2% growth in 2021. Growth stalled in the first half of 2023 with economic developments varying quite strongly 
between sectors. The industrial sector went in recession after a period of growth due to a strong increase in 
consumption and production of goods during the pandemic. The services sector, however, profited from the revival 
of consumer spending after COVID-19 lockdown measures were lifted. Despite the lacklustre development of the 
economy, the labour market remained robust with ongoing growth in employment, albeit at a much slower rate than 
during 2022. The unemployment rate remained fairly stable around the very low level 3.5%. Since mid-2022, the war 
in Ukraine has affected the Dutch economy causing prices for commodities (mainly energy and food) to increase 
rapidly, leading to high inflation. Any deterioration or merely a long-term persistence of a difficult economic 
environment in the Netherlands could negatively affect the demand for products and services of the Issuer and lead 
to an increase of defaults on its loan portfolio due to a deterioration of the financial position of its customers and 
therefore may have a negative impact on the profitability of its business. For the Issuer in particular this may result in 
a decrease in the demand for mortgage loans, lower margins on mortgage loans, a change in the rate of repayment 
of and an increase in defaults under mortgage loans (which mortgage loans constitute a major part of the Issuer’s 
assets, see also the risk factor ’A significant portion of the results of the Issuer relates to its mortgage loan products 
which is exposed to the risk of any material change affecting residential mortgage loans generally and/or of the Issuer 
specifically’). The same may apply to the other loan portfolios of the Issuer in the Netherlands. Therefore, the 
profitability and financial position of the Issuer is materially dependent on the economic, political and social conditions 
in the Netherlands. 
 
2. 
A significant portion of the results of the Issuer relates to its mortgage loan products which is exposed to 
the risk of any material change affecting residential mortgage loans generally and/or of the Issuer specifically 
Residential mortgage loans constitute 63.0% of the Issuer's total assets at year-end 2022. Any material change 
affecting residential mortgage loans generally and/or of the Issuer specifically will likely have a material impact on the 
Issuer. Mortgage loans are subject to financial risks, such as credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Increased interest 
rates, a significant downturn in the economy, stagnation or drop in property values, changes to the fiscal treatment 
of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, high inflation, the financial standing of 
borrowers or a combination thereof and other similar factors, could lead to a decrease in the production of new 
mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on existing mortgage loans and/or a reduction of the margins on the 
mortgage loans and a change in prepayment rates, see also the risk factor ‘The business of the Issuer is primarily 
concentrated in the Netherlands’ and the risk factor ‘Risk of high prices for commodities and high inflation on Issuer's 
loan portfolio’. 
 
The higher the loan to income ratio, the larger the proportion of the earnings of a borrower that will be needed to pay 
interest and principal under mortgage loans, especially when confronted with unexpected costs or expenses, or, in 
respect of an interest-only mortgage loan, the repayment of principal. This loan to income ratio and other factors such 
as loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies and bankruptcy 
filings by borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay their mortgage 
loans.  
 
Considering that mortgage loans represent a high percentage of the loan portfolio of the Issuer, any material change 
to its existing and new mortgage loan portfolio is material for the Issuer and may have an adverse effect on the 
interest margins of the Issuer (if the Issuer is not able to (fully) translate these into higher mortgage rates, which will 
be the case in circumstances other than newly offered mortgages and existing mortgages on the date of the interest

--- Page 22 ---
rate review) and may result in a decrease of its portfolio and/or in the production and an increase in defaults. This 
could negatively affect the profitability and financial position of the Issuer. 
 
In the second half of 2022 a slight decrease of collateral values has been noted, a decrease that continued early 
2023. This was caused by the interest rate climate, as ECB was increasing the interest rates to prevent a recession 
in Europe. The decrease of collateral values is as of the date of this Base Prospectus not causing issues, because 
in the Netherlands there is a significant shortage of houses and demand remains much higher than supply. Over the 
past years many clients had an interest rate revision with respect to their mortgage loans, and they overall selected 
long term periods given the low interest climate. These clients face low mortgage interest payments for the mid-term, 
which is good from a credit risk perspective, but could put pressure on the interest income and the profitability of the 
bank. Unemployment rate in the Netherlands remains low, which limits the number of default situations. 
  
3. 
Risk of high prices for commodities and high inflation on Issuer’s loan portfolio 
Since mid-2022 prices for commodities (mainly energy and food) have increased rapidly, leading to a high level of 
inflation. If persistent, high prices for commodities and high inflation in general could, amongst others, lead to financial 
difficulties for low and medium income households and enterprises in the (near) future. An increasingly mitigating 
factor, however, is the rise in wages following the inflation spike. Although the Dutch government has taken mitigating 
measures for households, it is uncertain for how long they will remain in place, what the impact will be, and it is 
unlikely that these measures will fully offset the negative impact of the high commodity prices and inflation. The 
financial difficulties of the Issuer’s customers could, amongst others, adversely affect the Issuer's return on its 
mortgage loans and other loans. Temporary measures to support household incomes will end in 2024 leading to, 
without further additional government policy, a potential decrease in purchasing power of especially the lower income 
households. 
 
4. 
Change to Dutch tax treatment of interest on mortgage loans may impose various risks 
The Dutch tax system allows borrowers to deduct, subject to certain limitations, mortgage interest payments for 
owner-occupied residences from their taxable income. The deduction period allowed is restricted to a term of thirty 
(30) years. Furthermore, the maximum tax rate against which mortgage interest may be deducted for Dutch tax 
purposes (the maximum deductibility rate) is set at 36.93% in 2023. This maximum deductibility rate could ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and principal on their mortgage loans and may 
lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their mortgage loans, and may thus result in higher or lower 
prepayment rates of such loans and may adversely affect the Issuer's return on the mortgage loans. Temporary 
measures to support household incomes will end in 2024 leading to, without further additional government policy, a 
potential decrease in purchasing power of especially the lower income households. 
 
5. 
The Issuer's business and results of operations may be adversely affected by a weakening of economic 
conditions in Europe 
Global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted in recent years by the banking and 
sovereign debt crisis in the EU and globally. In particular, concerns have been raised with respect to continuing 
economic, monetary and political conditions in the Member States in the Eurozone. The potential impact of a 
sovereign default on the Eurozone countries and the risk that some Member States could leave the Eurozone (either 
voluntarily or involuntarily), continues to raise concerns about the ongoing viability of the euro currency and the EMU. 
Despite several measures, amongst which on the level of the ECB, there remains considerable uncertainty as to 
whether such measures will sustain the economic recovery or avert the threat of sovereign default.  
 
In addition, the business operations of the Issuer, its third party service providers and clients are vulnerable to 
epidemics or pandemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns such as the 
COVID-19 outbreak, which could cause imposition of quarantines and prolonged closures of workplaces, the impact 
of which will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted or other forms of 
natural disasters and other disasters beyond its control such as war and heightened geopolitical tension, including 
the war in Ukraine and the sanctions issued against Russia and Belarus in response thereto, although the Issuer 
does not have direct exposure in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus nor does the Issuer have a material indirect exposure 
to these countries. The inflation in the Euro zone was 5.5% in June 2023 according to Eurostat. Potentially, additional 
inflation might be driven by, inter alia, a renewed rise of energy prices caused by the Russia/Ukraine war and 
accelerating wage growth. The impact of inflationary developments on the Issuer's balance sheet depends on inflation 
itself, but also on how other market factors move, amongst others driven by the response of central banks to rising 
inflation and market expectations of investors.

--- Page 23 ---
These factors may create economic and political uncertainties, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
global economy in general or on the economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates and have in the 
past resulted in, or may in the future result in, a reduced demand for financial products and services, a deterioration 
in asset quality of the Issuer, a delay in receipt of interest income and/or repayment of principal and increases in loan 
impairment charges.  
 
Furthermore, the full impact of a renewed rise of financial market tensions, like those among the Eurozone during the 
sovereign debt crisis, may lead to renewed stress in sovereign and bank funding markets. Market conditions remain 
vulnerable to disruption and risks remain. Deterioration of the economic environment, including as a result of an 
increase in unemployment rates, a market downturn or a weakening of the Dutch, European or global economies or 
other new economic shocks which could lead to a more severe economic downturn, the COVID-19 outbreak and 
other disasters, ESG events, any developments concerning the situation in Ukraine and sanctions against Russia 
and Belarus, elections held or to be held in Europe, an exit of one or more additional Member States from the EMU, 
or a potential dissolution of the EMU and a consequential re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more EMU 
Member States is impossible to predict.  
 
If any such event were to occur, the critical issues are that it may likely: 
 
a) 
disrupt and adversely affect the economic activity of the Dutch and other European markets the Issuer is active 
on; 
b) 
result in significant market dislocation, decreased liquidity, high volatility in the securities markets and 
significant volatility in the value of the euro against other currencies, which may negatively impact the appetite 
to invest in the Notes and subsequently may affect the Issuer's financial position; 
c) 
significantly heighten counterparty risk, which may result in one or more of the Issuer's counterparties to 
default on its obligations to the Issuer which arise from lending or other financial transactions; 
d) 
result in downgrades of credit ratings for European borrowers, such as the Issuer, giving rise to significant 
increases in credit spreads and decreases in security values; 
e) 
adversely affect the management of market risk and in particular asset and liability management due, in part, 
to the redenomination of financial assets and liabilities and the potential for mismatch; 
f) 
significantly threaten the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio, in particular for retail clients; and/or  
g) 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Issuer's assets, the Issuer's fee and commission income 
and/or interest income, the ability of its clients to meet financial obligations and could cause the Issuer's loan 
impairment charges to rise or cause the Issuer to incur further market-to-market losses. 
 
In addition, developments like the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank, the seizure of First Republic and the 
distressed acquisition of Credit Suisse Group AG by UBS AG’s created volatility and unrest in the global banking 
sector especially during the first quarter of 2023. Although the impact seems limited so far, such events could 
adversely affect bank’s funding spreads and general economic conditions and thereby the profitability of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may have to incur significant costs to store or mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The Issuer's prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially affected by the above factors, events and 
developments. 
 
6. 
Changes in customer behaviour may impact financial position and result of operations negatively 
Customer behaviour may change among others as a result of changes on financial markets or regulations. For 
example, the amount of prepayments of mortgages and the duration of non-maturing deposits will vary depending on 
the interest rate environment. A decrease in the general level of interest rates could affect the Issuer through, among 
other things, increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio for instance as a result of low interest rates 
on saving accounts. On the other hand, any period of rapidly increasing interest rates may result in a decrease in the 
demand for mortgage loans. This may affect the composition of the Issuer's assets and liabilities and any gap position 
resulting from that and therefore the effectiveness of the Issuer's interest rate risk management. Changes in 
behaviour of customers, including small and medium enterprises in the Netherlands, may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations, especially in highly volatile financial markets. 
 
7. 
The Issuer faces substantial competitive pressures which could adversely affect its results of operations 
Technology giants, (start-up) fintech companies, payment specialists, retailers, telecommunication companies, 
crowd-funding initiatives and aggregators are all encroaching on traditional banking services and from traditional bank 
competitors who team up with such new players. The Issuer also faces competition from traditional banking parties 
and from non-banking parties, such as pension funds and insurance companies, with relatively new parties providing

--- Page 24 ---
more segmented offers to its customers and clients in the field of mortgage loans. In particular, the Issuer's funding 
capabilities for offering long-term mortgages may not be sufficient, therefore the Issuer is not able to offer long-term 
mortgages against a competitive interest rate. There is a risk that the several measures of the Issuer in relation to 
long-term mortgages, such as continuously streamlining of the mortgage process and aiming for cost control, may 
not be enough to become sufficiently competitive. The clients of the Issuer, in turn, are willing to consider alternative 
offers, as a result of which the Issuer may lose these clients to competitors. If the Issuer is unable to offer competing 
and attractive products and services that are profitable, it may lose market share or incur losses on some or all of its 
activities. Competition in the financial services industry is furthered by the high level of consolidation in the 
Netherlands in the markets where the Issuer operates. Competitive pressures could result in increased pricing 
pressures, particularly as competitors seek to win market share, and may harm the ability of the Issuer to maintain or 
increase its market share and profitability.  
 
8. 
The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage to its reputation  
The Issuer is the fourth-largest retail bank in the Dutch market, offering products such as mortgages, payments and 
savings, making its trustworthy reputation essential for its business. Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer, in 
particular with a view to its focus on retail and SME customers, social impact and the concentration of its business in 
the Netherlands, could cause disproportionate damage to its business, regardless of whether or not the negative 
publicity is factually accurate.  
The Issuer is, for example, exposed to the risk that, among other things, litigation, employee misconduct, operational 
failures, or products or services developed or recommended by it, which are not performing as expected, whether or 
not founded, will harm its reputation. The Issuer is exposed to changing public sentiment regarding climate change. 
If the Issuer does not meet society's expectations to contribute sufficiently to the mitigation of climate change, the 
Issuer's reputation will be harmed. Furthermore, negative publicity could be based on allegations that the Issuer does 
not or does not fully comply with regulatory requirements or anti-money laundering or anti-bribery rules, or result from 
negative publicity about a third party linked to the Issuer (e.g. resulting from misconduct or malpractice relating to 
intermediaries, independent advisers, partners, business promoters or third party managers) or about politically 
exposed persons in the customer base of the Issuer (being topics for which the Dutch banking sector is exposed to 
increased scrutiny and public attention over recent years).  
Furthermore, negative publicity could also result from the fact that certain of the financial products and services of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries are distributed through third parties or form part of broader products and services sold 
by third parties. Any negative publicity in respect of such third parties or such broader products and services could 
also have negative consequences for the Issuer. Furthermore, negative publicity could result from insufficient 
response to public expectations to ESG events, failures in the information technology systems of the Issuer, loss of 
customer data or confidential information, or failure in risk management procedures.  
Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer could cause existing customers to withdraw their business from the Issuer 
and potential customers to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative publicity 
could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agency perception of the Issuer, which may 
make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit ratings. See also the risk factor 'Litigation, other proceedings, 
or significant claims may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer '. 
 
9. 
The performance of the Issuer depends on its ability to accurately price its products and services 
The results of operations and the financial condition of the Issuer depends, among other things, on its ability to set 
rates and prices accurately. Rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premiums to pay losses and expenses 
and to earn profits on income. The ability of the Issuer to price its products and services accurately is subject to a 
number of uncertainties.  
 
One of these uncertainties lies in the fact that interest rates or price of products of the Issuer (such as derivatives, 
floating rate notes, floating rate covered bonds and mortgages) may be determined by reference to various 
benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as EURIBOR, €STR, SOFR and SONIA) which are subject to 
the Benchmarks Regulation. Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of 
administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or 
benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences, including those which cannot be 
predicted. Any changes to a benchmark due to these reforms may have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level, or affecting the volatility of, the published rate or level, of the benchmark, (in some cases) without the Issuer 
having the possibility to apply any mitigating adjustments thereto. Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark,

--- Page 25 ---
the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow for the continuation, and the rate that would be applicable if a 
benchmark would be materially amended or is discontinued, may result in rates and prices of products and services 
being determined on the basis of inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions or 
methodologies. See also the risk factor 'Benchmark reforms may cause benchmarks used in respect of the Notes to 
be materially amended or discontinued'.  
 
If the Issuer fails to establish adequate rates and prices for its products and services, its revenues derived from such 
products could decline while its expenses increase resulting in proportionately greater financial losses. 
 
10. The Issuer is exposed to the risk of a decline of and a high volatility in the securities markets  
Under highly volatile market conditions, funding transactions, as well as hedging and other risk management 
strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading risks as they would be under more normal market conditions. 
The Issuer uses financial derivative measures as part of its risk management strategy and it may not be able to 
manage its exposures adequately through the use of such derivatives as a result of modelling, sensitivity analysis or 
other risk assessment method failures or as a result of appropriate derivative products not being available. Market 
conditions, and periods of high volatility can occur not only as a result of purely economic factors, but also as a result 
of geopolitical tensions, such as international trade disputes or international sanctions or as a result of war, acts of 
terrorism, natural disasters or other similar events outside the Issuer's control. There is no assurance that market 
volatility will not result in a prolonged market decline, or that such market declines for other reasons will not occur in 
the future. 
 
Severe market events have historically been difficult to predict, and could lead to the Issuer realising significant losses 
if extreme market events were to persist for an extended period of time. Therefore market volatility, liquidity 
disruptions, or dislocations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and results 
of operations. 
 
11. The Issuer is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates which could adversely 
affect its results 
The level of interest rates, credit spreads and changes in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads (including 
changes in the difference between the levels of prevailing short- and long-term rates) could adversely affect the 
results of the Issuer.  
 
The results of the Issuer's business are affected by the management of interest rate sensitivity. The composition of 
the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, and any maturity gap position resulting from that composition, causes the 
banking business' net interest income to vary with changes in interest rates. There can be no assurance that the 
Issuer will be able to successfully manage interest rate spreads or the potential negative impact of risks associated 
with decreasing (short term) interest rates, sustained low, flat or even negative interest rates (for the avoidance of 
doubt, this has no effect on the Minimum Rate of Interest becoming less than zero). In addition, any period of rapidly 
increasing interest rates may result in a decrease in the demand for loans and higher interest rates to be paid to 
customer deposits and on debt securities the Issuer has issued or may issue on the financial markets from time to 
time to finance its operations, which would increase its interest expenses and reduce its result. A mismatch of interest-
earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have 
a material effect on the financial position or result from operations of the Issuer. In the second and third quarter of 
2023 market interest rates have increased. This has supported the bank’s financial results given the partial pass-
through of higher rates into customer savings rates. It cannot be predicted how long this situation will continue or 
whether savings rates shall increase and put pressure on interest margins. 
 
12. The Issuer is exposed to credit risks, including counterparty exposure, which may result in credit provisions 
to be inaccurate 
The Issuer is exposed to general credit risks, for example the Issuer is exposed to credit risks of borrowers. Third 
parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their obligations. These 
parties include customers (such as borrowers under loans granted, including without limitation, to mortgage loans), 
the issuers whose securities are being held by an entity within the Issuer's group, trading counterparties, 
counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses 
and other financial intermediaries. These parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer or its group companies 
due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other 
reasons and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Midyear 2023, the Issuer reported provisions for credit losses of € 185 million compared to € 132 million midyear

--- Page 26 ---
2022. Yearend 2022 provisions for credit losses of € 168 million were reported compared to € 120 million year-end 
2021. This may be read as an indication for future provisions, subject to unforeseen circumstances and/or external 
macro-economic developments. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on its 
obligations to the Issuer which arise from lending or other financial transactions. If future events or the effects thereof 
do not fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Issuer to determine its credit provisions, 
these provisions could be inadequate.  
 
C. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 
1. 
The regulatory environment and intensive supervision to which the Issuer is subject gives rise to significant 
costs and non-compliance could result in monetary and reputational damages 
The financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory scrutiny. This has led to a more 
intensive approach to supervision and oversight, more regulatory investigations and enforcement actions as well as 
an increase in the amount of fines against financial institutions.  
 
If the Issuer is unable to obtain, retain and commit sufficient resources for regulatory compliance, this could lead to 
delays and errors, and may force it to choose between prioritising compliance matters over administrative support for 
business activities, or may ultimately force the Issuer to cease the offering of certain products or services. For 
example, the Issuer expects to commit significant resources for purposes of anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist 
financing measures, IT security and privacy. Furthermore, the Issuer continues to invest in resources to adapt to the 
ECB's supervisory approach and to familiarise the ECB with the Issuer's business and financial position. 
 
Any delays or errors in implementing regulatory compliance could lead to substantial monetary damages and fines, 
loss of significant assets, public reprimands, a negative effect on the Issuer's reputation, regulatory measures in the 
form of cease and desists orders, fines, increased regulatory compliance requirements, which have become more 
stringent as a result of new regulations and resulting from a more expansive interpretation thereof by supervisory 
authorities, or other potential regulatory restrictions on the Issuer's business, enforced suspension of operations and 
in extreme cases, withdrawal of licenses or authorisations to operate particular businesses, or criminal prosecution 
in certain circumstances. The last few years have seen a steep escalation in the severity of the terms which competent 
supervisory authorities and law enforcement authorities have required to settle legal and regulatory proceedings 
against financial institutions, with settlements including unprecedented monetary penalties as well as criminal 
sanctions. Non-compliance with applicable regulation may also lead to civil liability towards affected clients and, 
increasingly, third parties. See also the risk factor 'Litigation, other proceedings, or significant claims may adversely 
affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer '. 
 
On 11 August 2023, the Issuer announced that DNB has concluded that the Issuer is in violation of the Anti-Money 
Laundering and Anti-terrorism Financing Act (Wet ter voorkoming van witwassen en financiering van terrorisme, 
"Wwft"). DNB has imposed an instruction on the Issuer to improve its Systematic Integrity Risk Analysis by 1 April 
2024. DNB also announced its intention to start a procedure for imposing an administrative fine. Failure to timely 
and/or to fully comply by the Issuer itself with the instruction imposed by DNB by 1 April 2024, may result in 
administrative sanctions and monetary and reputational damages, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial position and results of operations. See also section 1.3 (the Issuer) of this Base Prospectus in the 
paragraph ‘Legal Proceedings’. 
 
In addition to non-compliance by the Issuer itself, the Issuer may suffer negative consequences of non-compliance 
by its clients or any third parties. The Issuer may also suffer negative consequences of clients or any third parties 
operating businesses or schemes in violation of applicable rules and regulations whose activities the Issuer could be 
held to monitor and, where applicable, to denounce or to interrupt.  
 
In conclusion, the regulatory environment and the intensive supervision to which the Issuer is subject gives rise to 
significant legal and financial compliance costs. Non-compliance with applicable regulation may result in monetary 
and reputational damages, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and results 
of operations. 
 
2. 
Major changes in laws and regulations as well as enforcement action could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer  
In pursuit of a broad reform and a restructuring of financial regulation, legislatures and supervisory authorities, 
continue to introduce proposals and implement standards that could result in major changes to the way the Issuer's

--- Page 27 ---
operations are regulated and could have adverse consequences for its business, business model, financial position, 
results of operations, reputation and prospects. Also, the regulatory laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer are 
to an extent based on the Issuer's interpretations of such laws and regulations. The Issuer cannot guarantee that 
such interpretations will not be questioned by the relevant authorities. Changes in regulatory laws and regulations or 
interpretations by the Issuer thereof being challenged by the relevant authorities could materially impact the 
profitability of the Issuer's businesses, the value of its assets or the collateral available for its loans, require changes 
to business practices, increase its regulatory reporting and transparency obligations, or force the Issuer to discontinue 
businesses or change its legal entity structure, capital and funding structure, and expose the Issuer to additional 
costs, taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions and reputational risk and are likely to have a material impact on the 
Issuer.  
 
The Issuer notes that the following changes in laws and regulations form a material risk for its financial position, credit 
rating and results of operations and prospects: 
 
Basel IV/CRD IV/CRR/EU Banking Reforms 
Regulatory capital requirements, as proposed by the Basel Committee and being implemented in the EU through, 
among others, the CRD Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time to time. Regulatory capital 
requirements are subject to ongoing regulatory reform, and are expected to become more stringent in general. This 
is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the EU Banking Reforms and the Basel III Reforms 
(informally referred to as Basel IV). The Issuer aims to anticipate the potential impact of regulatory reforms in its 
capital planning and day-to-day business, for instance by issuing capital instruments and retaining regulatory capital. 
Notable changes that will affect the Issuer's business include changes to the requirements for the risk-weighting of 
mortgages and the introduction of an output floor, which will be implemented on a phased basis. As at the end of 
June 2023, the Issuer estimates that Basel III Reforms will reduce its RWA by approximately 2% and that its 
consolidated CET1 capital ratio (position on 30 June 2023 at 20.4%) will ceteris paribus by approximately 0.5 
percentage points higher as a result of the full phase-in of the Basel III Reforms. Furthermore, the impact of the Basel 
III Reforms to the applicable prudential regime is yet to be fully determined by the Issuer. This is among others due 
to the fact that the Basel III Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation in EU or national laws. In that 
respect, the European Commission published on 27 October 2021 the proposals to implement Basel III Reforms in 
the EU and a provisional agreement on the implementation of the Basel III Reforms was reached on 27 June 2023. 
It follows from the proposals that implementation will start in January 2025. In anticipation of the implementation of 
the Basel III Reforms in EU or national law, DNB has set a minimum floor on the risk-weighting of (part of) the 
mortgage loan portfolios of Dutch banks using internal risk models for said risk-weighting, such as the Issuer. In 
October 2021, DNB announced that the regulation would enter into force as of 1 January 2022. On 8 July 2022, DNB 
decided to extend the measure until 1 December 2024 (after which it will be reviewed and could either be abandoned 
or renewed). Given the actual risk-weighting of the Issuer’s residential mortgages, this measure has no impact on the 
Issuer as at the end of June 2023. 
 
MREL 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), as such requirement has been introduced under 
the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, as these are amended from time to time. The MREL framework is intended to 
make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability and to be 
recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to ongoing regulatory reform and 
an annual recalibration cycle, and will become more stringent as of 1 January 2024. On 5 April 2023, the Dutch 
National Resolution Authority (NRA) set the current MREL requirement for the Issuer at 7.78% of the leverage ratio 
exposure ("LRE"). The MREL requirement based on RWA amounts to 20.41% and is set at 21.81% as of 1 January 
2024, both excluding the Combined Buffer Requirement. As of 1 January 2024, the MREL requirements based on 
the LRE and on RWA are to be fully met with subordinated instruments, i.e. Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital and senior 
non-preferred notes with a residual contractual maturity of at least one (1) year. As a binding intermediate 
subordination target, at least 6.55% of the LRE has to be met with subordinated instruments as from 1 January 2022. 
For the Issuer, the non-risk-weighted MREL requirements are more restrictive than the risk-weighted MREL 
requirements. As of 30 June 2023, the Issuer already meets the MREL subordination requirements that apply from 1 
January 2024. The MREL requirements will require the Issuer to maintain sufficient subordinated liabilities over time. 
 
AML rules and regulations 
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, the AML Directive and accompanying AML Regulation, as 
amended from time to time. The AML requirements require the Issuer to review and amend its current AML processes. 
Also taking into account the increased regulatory pressure on compliance with AML requirements, the Issuer is

--- Page 28 ---
working on the implementation of the new requirements in processes, systems and training and awareness for 
employees. The Issuer runs the risk that failure to (timely) comply with the AML rules results in enforcement measures 
and damages to the Issuer's reputation. 
 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Under the Benchmarks Regulation requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks 
(such as the Reference Rate), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
EU. As a supervised entity and user of benchmarks within the meaning of the Benchmarks Regulation, the Issuer 
has to comply with certain obligations under the Benchmarks Regulation in respect of in-scope products and 
contracts. This includes the obligation to produce and maintain a robust written plan among others setting out the 
actions the Issuer would take in the event a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. This plan is 
commonly referred to as a fallback plan and the Issuer has produced and is maintaining such a plan. The Issuer is 
also required to ensure that it only makes use of authorised benchmarks and that its contracts include appropriate 
fallback language. The Issuer runs the risk that it is not timely able to amend its contracts and switch from the use of 
unauthorised benchmarks to authorised benchmarks and paying and/or receiving a similar rate of interest (both in its 
internal processes as well as in its external products and investments). This may affect the Issuer's financial and 
compliance position. 
 
PSD II 
Payment services regulations, such as those laid down in PSD II, impose additional requirements on the Issuer with 
respect to its payment services and support the emergence of new payment service providers and the development 
of innovative mobile and online payment methods in Europe. Key elements of the PSD II that could impact the Issuer 
are: (i) access to payment accounts by other parties than the bank where the customer holds an account (Access to 
Account (XS2A)), and (ii) security requirements. Access to Account (XS2A), within the meaning of the PSD II, forces 
the Issuer to make substantial investments and expose it to more or intensified competition and can be a threat as 
parties other than banks focus on the customer-engagement components of the value chain and leave the 
commoditised transactional components to banks which could lead to disintermediation. Security is and will remain 
a core element in the service offering of banks whereby it is important that the security requirements in PSD II, as 
applied by the Issuer, strike the right balance between ease of use and risk (such as with respect to customer data). 
On 28 June 2023, the European Commission proposed legislative amendments to PSD II, consisting of a directive 
and regulation, that may have an impact on the payments business of the Issuer. The precise impact and expected 
time of entry into force of the proposals is as yet unclear. 
 
EMIR 
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of EMIR. EMIR already requires the 
Issuer to centrally clear certain OTC-derivatives and report derivative contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore 
requires the Issuer to exchange variation and initial margin with certain of its counterparties, which group of 
counterparties may change from time to time. This could lead to an increased margining obligation for the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the central clearing of OTC derivatives with central counterparties established in the UK is subject to 
ongoing developments and uncertainties, due to, inter alia, the proposal for an amendment of EMIR published on 7 
December 2022 (informally referred to as ‘EMIR 3.0’). In this respect, EMIR 3.0 amongst others includes the obligation 
on financial counterparties (such as banks) to keep an active account at an EU-based CCP and clear at least a 
portion of certain transactions (including interest rate derivatives denominated in Euro) through such active account. 
The proposal for EMIR 3.0 is subject to change and its date of entry into force is not yet clear. A related uncertainty 
is that the EU’s equivalence decision for the UK’s supervisory framework for central counterparties and that the 
recognition of certain UK central counterparties used by the Issuer will not be extended beyond 30 June 2025. There 
may be costs, risks and inefficiencies associated with the aforementioned developments and uncertainties 
surrounding those. The Issuer runs the risk that it will not be able to have the necessary contractual documentation, 
operational process or other necessities timely in place in order to be able to trade or continue trading in derivatives 
with the relevant counterparties. It may also lead to additional compliance costs for the Issuer. 
 
EU Taxonomy Regulation and other sustainability regulations 
The Issuer is subject to sustainability regulations, such as the EU Taxonomy Regulation which (partially) entered into 
force on 1 January 2022, as amended and supplemented from time to time, relating to a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment. These regulations will require the Issuer to include information at entity and at product level 
with regard to certain financial products on whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impact, whether 
or not it promotes environmental or social characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental 
objectives as set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, DNB and the ECB continuously publish further

--- Page 29 ---
guidance with regard to these sustainability regulations, and the management of climate risks and other 
environmental risks, which credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk management 
framework. As the Issuer will have to implement these regulations and expects to have to implement more 
sustainability-related regulations, this will give rise to additional compliance costs and expenses. 
 
The definition of the Eligibility Criteria under Volksbank's Green Bond Framework takes into account the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act adopted on 13 June 2021 with the intention to 
apply them on a best-efforts basis as long as there are feasible practical applications in the geographies where the 
assets are located. The Issuer will aim to meet the requirements for environmentally sustainable economic activities 
as set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation to create visibility and to address concerns about 'greenwashing' (also 
see the risk factor 'A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in accordance with the de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework and/or criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any failure 
to meet the investment requirements of investors may affect the suitability and/or value and/or trading price of such 
Green Bonds' and section 1.6 (Use of Proceeds') for a further description of the risks associated with the issuance of 
Green Bonds under this Programme. 
 
The more recent amendments relating to sustainability that have been implemented in, amongst others, EU MiFID II, 
Directive 2011/61/EU (as amended, "AIFMD") and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, ''Benchmark 
Regulation'') have an impact on product development and advice, Know Your Customer (KYC), risk management, 
solvency requirements and the disclosures of financial products:  
 
 
Under the MIFID II Delegated Acts (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1253 and Commission 
Delegated Directive (EU) 2021/1269), the Issuer's group is required to integrate sustainability considerations 
into the suitability assessment and product governance obligations.  
 
 
The AIFMD Delegated Acts (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1255 and Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 231/2013) require management companies within the Issuer's group to integrate sustainability risks in 
the management of funds, to include a consideration of any conflicts that may arise as a result of the 
integration of sustainability risks in their conflicts of interest procedures, to take into account: (i) sustainability 
risks and (ii) if relevant, the principal adverse impacts of investment decisions on sustainability factors, as 
part of the due diligence in the selection and ongoing monitoring of investments; and to capture details of 
procedures to manage sustainability risks in the risk management process.  
 
 
The Benchmark Regulation introduced two categories of climate benchmarks and further specifies ESG 
disclosure requirements. 
 
Further European sustainability legislation is currently being developed such as the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (Directive (EU) 2022/2464, ''CSRD''), which entered into force on 5 January 2023 and the 
proposal for the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (''CSDDD''), which has not yet entered into force 
and is expected to be published later in 2023. It is uncertain whether the financial sector and, as such, the Issuer's 
group will be in scope of the CSDDD.  
 
The CSRD requires the Issuer's group to disclose information in its annual report on the way it operates and manages 
social and environmental challenges and on the basis of European Sustainability Reporting Standards ("ESRS"). 
Reporting under the CSRD requires the Issuer's group to formulate long-term ESG targets and policy and to conduct 
due diligence for its own operations and supply chain. Further transparency rules are introduced on division of roles 
and responsibilities, among others, for ESG targets. Reports and strategic plans that must be disclosed by the Issuer's 
group under the CSRD must be made available in electronic form. The ESRS, which are currently being further 
developed, require the Issuer's group to disclose detailed information on environmental protection, social 
responsibility and treatment of employees, respect for human rights, anti-corruption and bribery and on diversity. The 
Issuer's group will have to report across four reporting areas: governance, strategy, impact, risk and opportunity 
management, metrics and targets that are divided into three topics to disclose information on from an ESG 
perspective. In addition, there are sector agnostic, sector specific and company specific disclosure requirements to 
consider by the Issuer's group.  
 
The proposal for the CSDDD contains requirements for companies, their subsidiaries and their value chains relating 
to identifying, bringing to an end, preventing, mitigating and accounting for negative human rights and environmental 
impacts.

--- Page 30 ---
As many of the sustainability regulations are still in the midst of their development, the full impact thereof on the 
Issuer is currently unclear. As a result of these legislative initiatives, the Issuer will be required to provide additional 
disclosure to stakeholders on ESG matters, which may demand substantial resources and divert management 
attention from other tasks. In addition, DNB and the ECB continuously publish further guidance with regard to the 
abovementioned sustainability regulations, and the management of climate risks and other environmental risks, which 
credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk management framework. For example, 
during 2022, the ECB conducted a thematic review of climate-related and environmental risks as part of the ECB 
Banking Supervision roadmap. The ECB has set institution-specific deadlines for full alignment with its expectations 
as set out in its ‘Guide to climate-related and environmental risks’ by the end of 2024. As the Issuer will have to 
implement any new regulations and guidance, and expects to have to implement more sustainability-related 
regulations and guidance in the future, this will give rise to additional compliance costs and expenses. 
 
As described above, the sustainability regulations or failure to comply with the sustainability regulations could 
therefore have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, reputation and revenues. 
 
Digital operational resilience act (DORA) 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 on digital operational resilience for the financial sector, (as amended, "DORA") entered 
into force on 16 January 2023 and will become applicable on 17 January 2025. DORA introduced a new, uniform and 
comprehensive framework on the digital operational resilience of banks and other financial institutions in the EU. All 
institutions in scope of DORA, which will include the Issuer, will have to put in place sufficient safeguards to protect 
against cyber and other ICT risks. DORA introduces requirements for such financials on governance, ICT risk 
management, incident reporting, resilience testing and contracting with ICT services providers. Although the Issuer 
is already required to comply with certain ICT risk management and resilience obligations, there may be (material) 
differences between these obligations and the standards as laid down in DORA (e.g. DORA extends to all contracts 
with ICT services, not only contracts that are considered outsourcing). Consequently, the Issuer will likely have to 
perform a gap analysis and implement any of DORA's additional or different requirements before DORA becomes 
applicable and ensure compliance with these requirements after the date thereof. This will give rise to additional 
compliance and ICT-related costs and expenses. Should the Issuer not be able to timely comply with DORA, this 
might result in administrative and/or criminal enforcement and/or reputational damage. 
 
3. 
Resolution regimes may, inter alia, lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse 
for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding  
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation set out a common European recovery and resolution framework. If the Issuer 
would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions apply) the Resolution Authority may decide to 
write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments of the Issuer, such as AT1 capital securities and the Tier 
2 Notes, independently (i.e. separate from a resolution action) or do so in combination with a resolution action (such 
as the application of a transfer tool and/or the bail-in tool).  
 
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be met, the 
Resolution Authority may decide to place the Issuer under resolution. It may decide to apply certain resolution tools. 
These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, each 
of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under resolution to a 
third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be applied to recapitalise the Issuer 
(whether or not in combination with one of the aforementioned transfer tools) or convert into (claims which may give 
rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments (such as 
the Notes) of the Issuer that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-in 
tool extends further than the relevant capital instruments (such as AT1 capital securities and the Tier 2 Notes) of the 
Issuer, and may also result in the write-down or conversion into (claims which may give rights to) Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of eligible liabilities (such as the other Notes) in accordance with a certain order of priority.  
 
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the Resolution Authority may decide to terminate or amend any 
agreement (including a debt instrument, such as the Notes) to which the Issuer is a party or replace the Issuer as a 
party thereto. Furthermore, the Resolution Authority may, subject to certain conditions, suspend the exercise of 
certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis the Issuer or suspend the performance of payment or delivery obligations of 
the Issuer. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, certain counterparty rights may be excluded.

--- Page 31 ---
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published its proposal for the Reform of the Banking Crisis Management 
and Deposit Insurance Framework. Within this proposal, the European Commission specifically focused on 
strengthening crisis management for medium-sized and smaller banks. Key directives, including the BRRD, are set 
for revisions. One of the proposal's components is aimed at expanding the utilization of the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme during a bank's resolution process. This aims to better protect depositors from losses and minimize the risk 
of using taxpayers' money. It remains a key principle that the bank's internal loss absorption (the capital eligible for a 
'bail-in') is used first. The proposal is currently under consideration by the European Parliament and the Council. The 
impact of the proposed amendments on the Issuer are to be assessed, but may ultimately have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s result of operations and financial condition. If implemented as proposed, senior preferred debt 
instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes) may no longer rank pari passu with 
any deposits of the Issuer, but instead, would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. 
 
In addition to the BRRD and SRM Regulation, the Wft enables the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank 
established in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, if the Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the 
financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers among 
others consist of the expropriation of assets and/or liabilities (onteigening van vermogensbestanddelen) of the Issuer, 
claims against the Issuer and securities issued by or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
 
It is possible that the Resolution Authority may use its powers under the BRRD or SRM Regulation or the Wft in a 
way that could result in debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses. The use of these could negatively affect the 
position of the holders of such debt instruments and the credit rating attached to debt instruments then outstanding 
and could result in losses to the holders of such debt instruments, in particular if and when any of the above 
proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. These measures and consequences could increase the 
Issuer's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of operation. 
In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited to, the amendments discussed in the preceding 
risk factor) to the SRM Regulation and the BRRD or the Wft, which may add to these effects.  
 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that the Issuer is no longer viable, may become subject to recovery or 
resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such as MREL), may have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position, regulatory capital position and liquidity position, including increased 
costs of funding for regulatory purposes. 
 
4. 
Capital and/or liquidity requirements may adversely affect the business of the Issuer  
The Issuer is required by regulators to maintain adequate capital and liquidity levels, as such regulators may deem 
appropriate. Adequate capital and liquidity levels are also necessary for the Issuer's financial flexibility and to cope 
with adverse developments. Changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements may require the Issuer to raise 
additional regulatory capital or hold additional liquidity buffers, for example because of different interpretations of or 
methods for calculating risk exposure amount, or because the Issuer does not comply with ratios and levels, or 
instruments and collateral requirements that currently qualify as capital or capital risk mitigating techniques no longer 
do so in the future. For example, the Issuer is required to comply with the minimum amount of MREL, which should 
ensure the effective application of the bail-in resolution tool under the BRRD and SRM Regulation. This leads to 
increased funding costs for the Issuer. If the Issuer is unable to raise the requisite regulatory capital in order to comply 
with current or future capital requirements or with MREL, it may, amongst others, be required to reduce its risk 
exposure amount, restrict certain activities or engage in the disposition of core and other, non-core, businesses, 
which may not occur on a timely basis or at prices which would otherwise not be attractive to the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer must comply with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and leverage ratio. 
These are likely to have an impact on the Issuer's funding costs and in having to maintain buffers of liquid assets, 
which may in turn result in lower returns than less liquid assets. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to adequately 
manage its liquidity position, this may prevent it from meeting its short-term financial obligations. In addition, the 
Issuer may be required to attract additional stable sources of funding or hold a higher liquidity buffer, which may result 
in higher costs for the Issuer. 
 
5. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that it has to maintain additional capital due to a pillar 2 requirement 
The Issuer is required to satisfy the minimum requirements for own funds, which are set out in the CRR (the so-called 
“pillar 1 requirements”). The pillar 1 requirements are directly related to, inter alia and principally, the Issuer’s total 
risk weighted exposure amount for credit risk, market risk, operational risk and other risks. Following the CRD, the 
Issuer is also required to meet a combined buffer requirement, consisting of the capital conservation buffer (2.5 %),

--- Page 32 ---
the countercyclical buffer (currently close to 1%, however, on 31 May 2023 DNB announced that the current risk 
picture gives them reason to raise the buffer for relevant Dutch exposures to 2% as from 31 May 2024) and the other 
systemically important institution buffer (1%, however, on 31 May 2023 DNB announced a reduction of the buffer 
from 1.0% to 0.25% as from 31 May 2024). In addition to the pillar 1 requirements and the combined buffed 
requirement, the ECB may impose additional qualitative and/or quantitative requirements on the Issuer pursuant to 
an SSM SREP decision (a so-called "pillar 2 requirement"). The ECB may impose such requirements to address risks 
not adequately covered by the pillar 1 requirement or to address macro-prudential requirements. 
 
Currently, the Issuer is required to meet a pillar 2 requirement of 3.0%, of which at least 56.25% is to be met with 
CET1 capital. In effect, the Issuer is currently required to meet a minimum total capital ratio of 15.5% (Overall Capital 
Requirement, OCR), of which at least 10.7% is required to be composed of CET1 capital. The OCR serves as the 
Maximum Distributable Amount trigger level, below which AT1 coupon or dividend payments are restricted. 
 
As of 30 June 2023, the Issuer’s actual CET1 ratio amounts to 20.4%, providing a 9.7% buffer above the regulatory 
CET1 requirement. There can be no assurance, however, that the Issuer will continue to maintain such a buffer or 
that any such buffer would be sufficient to protect against a breach of the OCR resulting in restrictions on AT1 coupon 
or dividend payments.  
 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that it has to maintain additional capital as a result of an increase of the pillar 2 
requirement. Also, envisaged changes in laws and regulations may require the Issuer to maintain additional capital, 
either by virtue of the pillar 1 own funds requirement or a pillar 2 requirement in the context of an SSM SREP decision. 
See risk factor ‘Major changes in laws and regulations as well as enforcement action could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer’. 
 
Similar to all regulated banks, the Issuer is subject to the risk that it has insufficient resources to meet the pillar 1 
requirement, pillar 2 requirement or any capital buffer requirement, which could in turn lead to (administrative) 
sanctions, potentially materially impacting the Issuer’s results of operations. 
 
6. 
The Issuer is subject to requirements of privacy laws, and may be precluded from implementing business 
models based on analysis and use of client generated data  
The Issuer is subject to new extensive requirements of privacy laws as a consequence of the recently reformed EU 
legal framework on the protection of personal data after the entering into force of the GDPR. As the GDPR contains 
various open standards, a risk of divergent interpretations exists as to how the GDPR can be complied with. There 
is a risk that the Issuer applies a certain interpretation as to how the GDPR must be complied with, which may not be 
in line with (future) publications of the European Data Protection Board and the DDPA, which may cause the Issuer 
to alter its approach. 
 
Due to public pressure and perceived or actual infringements of privacy laws, the Issuer may be precluded from 
implementing business models based on analysis and use of client generated data for its marketing purposes.  
 
Other risks relating to incompliance with privacy laws may include administrative sanctions from the DDPA (such as 
significant fines (an order subject to) a non-compliance penalty ((last onder) dwangsom) or a ban on processing 
(verwerkingsverbod), on the basis of which the Issuer could be precluded from developing and implementing new 
business models based on the processing activities), civil claims from clients whose personal data are processed 
(e.g. analysed) by the Issuer, complaints from such clients against the Issuer filed with the DDPA and negative 
publicity which may cause harm to the Issuer's reputation. 
 
7. 
Litigation, other proceedings, or significant claims may adversely affect the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Issuer 
The Issuer faces substantial legal risks in the conduct of its business. In the Netherlands, the number and size of 
claims that are the subject of litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial proceedings against financial 
institutions are increasing. A number of proceedings have been initiated against the Issuer for violation of its duty of 
care (zorgplicht). Financial institutions in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, owe a duty of care and must comply 
with duty of care rules under Dutch law, which includes provisions on client classification, disclosure requirements 
and know-your-customer obligations. Pursuant to the General Banking Conditions (Algemene Bankvoorwaarden) 
used by Dutch banks, a bank must always act in accordance with its duty of care, irrespective of whether the service 
or product is sold to a professional client or a non-professional client. Where in the past the duty of care was held to 
apply predominantly to clients, the application of this standard has on the basis of case law been extended more

--- Page 33 ---
broadly for the benefit of third parties that suffer damages inflicted by clients of the financial institution. In these cases, 
courts held, for example, that in certain circumstances financial institutions may be expected to monitor activities of 
their clients, denouncing or even halting any suspected illegal activity. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that 
additional proceedings will not be brought against the Issuer. Such litigation may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and prospects. See also the risk factor 'The 
Issuer is exposed to risks of damage to its reputation' for more information on how negative publicity may affect the 
Issuer and section 1.3 (The Issuer) under 'Legal proceedings' for additional information regarding legal proceedings 
or claims currently pending against the Issuer. 
 
8. 
The Issuer is subject to stress tests that could lead to certain measures or capital and funding requirements 
by supervisory authorities being imposed or taken 
The banking sector, including the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing in respect of the resilience of banks to 
adverse market developments. Such stress tests are initiated and coordinated by the EBA and the ECB. The results 
of the EBA stress test and the SSM stress test are both published. At reference date 31 December 2022, the 
consolidated CET1 ratio of the Issuer stood at 20.3%. Based on the severe scenario assumptions and severe 
methodological restrictions in the of the stress test's adverse scenario, the CET1 ratio of the Issuer ends up at 10.01% 
at year-end 2025. The Issuer's overall CET1 capital ratio requirement up until April 2023 is 9.69% and from May 2023 
onwards the Issuer's overall CET1 capital ratio requirement is 10.69%. There is no guarantee that the result of any 
future stress test will meet the Issuer's internal target. Stress tests and the announcements of their results by 
supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or financial services sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard 
to individual banks or financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests could negatively impact the 
Issuer's reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement action by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress 
tests could also result in the Issuer having to meet higher capital and liquidity requirements, which could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer's business, results of operations, profitability or reputation. In addition, stress tests 
could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which until then, the Issuer had not 
considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. This could lead to certain measures or capital and 
funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or taken, which could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, profitability or reputation. See also section Error! Reference source not 
found. (The Issuer) under 'The Issuer participated in the EBA stress test'. 
 
9. 
The Issuer is subject to changes in financial reporting standards or policies which could materially adversely 
affect the Issuer's reported results of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the EU and in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, which is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, 
from time to time the Issuer is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised bodies, 
including the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Previous revisions and/or expansions of IFRS as 
adopted in the EU have had a material impact on the Issuer on an operational and financial level. It is possible that 
future accounting standards which the Issuer is required to adopt, or as a result of choices made by the Issuer, could 
change the current accounting treatment that applies to its company and consolidated financial statements and that 
such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported results of operations and financial 
condition and may have a corresponding impact on capital ratios. 
 
10. Risk related to judgments of civil law courts and Kifid in relation to unilateral change clauses in consumer 
loans with variable interest rate 
A development in the Dutch consumer credit industry, concerns the involvement of several credit providers in legal 
proceedings before KiFiD and Dutch courts, regarding the sustaining of unilateral change clauses in revolving 
consumer credit loans with variable interest rates. Judgments of civil law courts in relation to variable interest rates 
on consumer loan agreements vary significantly from the KiFiD rulings in relation to consumer loans and also differ 
from one another. 
 
The Dutch civil court cases vary on this subject and conclusive case law has yet to be developed. Civil law court 
cases on this matter are at the date of this Base Prospectus limited to consumer loans and do not apply to mortgage 
loans. The focus in the civil law courts is on the question whether the clauses which set out the right of the originator 
to change the variable interest rates are presumed to be unreasonably onerous and therefore invalid. Whether or not 
this applies, depends on the actual clause itself and the circumstances at the time of conclusion of the loan 
agreement. Decisive case law has yet to be developed further both in terms of when a clause is invalid and what the 
consequences thereof are.  
 
KiFiD has recently ruled consistent. For example, KiFiD issued rulings against other credit providers on contractual 
terms that give credit providers the unconditional right to change the variable interest rate of loans provided to

--- Page 34 ---
consumers (including revolving credits). KiFiD ruled that if the contractual terms do not specify the grounds for 
changing the interest rate, the consumer may expect the only relevant circumstances that can play a role in changing 
the interest rate to be market developments. KiFiD has also issued a similar ruling with respect to a mortgage loan.  
 
Holders of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates which do not meet the KiFiD requirements described in 
the KiFiD rulings referred to above are entitled to be compensated. As a result, the Issuer has investigated the impact 
on the Issuer and the analysis revealed that although the interest charged on consumer credit loans generally 
remained in line with market rates, some of its customers, including customers from SNS and Regiobank, have paid 
too much interest when applying the concepts underlying the KiFiD rulings. 
 
Reimbursement of overpaid interest to or other compensation of consumers as a result of the foregoing and new 
Dutch civil court rulings may adversely affect the Issuer's return on its consumer loans. Furthermore, there is a risk 
that KiFiD rulings and Dutch civil court rulings in respect of consumer credit loans and mortgage loans with variable 
interest rates could also be applied to other financial products sold to Dutch consumers and as such may have a 
certain knock-on effect on other products. 
 
Although at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not involved in any civil, KiFiD or arbitration proceedings 
in this respect, in line with the KiFiD ruling, the Issuer is compensating consumers for excess interest paid (also see 
section 1.3 (The Issuer) under 'Compensation schemes for customers with a revolving consumer credit and/or a 
revolving overdraft facility'). 
 
 
D. INTERNAL CONTROL RISK 
 
1. 
The Issuer may be exposed to failures in its risk management systems which could lead to unanticipated 
losses  
The Issuer also invests substantial time and effort in its strategies and procedures including statistical models, 
scenario analyses and stress tests for managing risks, not only credit risk, but also other risks, such as strategic risks 
(business risk, organisational risk, reputation risk, sustainability risk), financial risks (credit risk, market risk, IRRBB 
(interest rate risk in the banking book), liquidity risk, capital adequacy) and non-financial risks, compliance risk, model 
risk, legal risk and reporting risk. These strategies and procedures could nonetheless fail or not be fully effective 
under some circumstances, particularly if the Issuer is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately identified 
or anticipated. Some of the methods of the Issuer for managing risk are based upon observations of historical market 
behaviour. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in order to arrive at quantifications of some of the 
risk exposures of the Issuer. These statistical methods may not accurately quantify the risk exposure of the Issuer if 
circumstances arise which were not observed in its historical data. For example, as the Issuer offers new products or 
services, the historical data may be incomplete or not accurate for such new products or services. As the Issuer gains 
a more complete and accurate set of data over time, it may need to make additional provisions. 
 
If circumstances arise which the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate in developing its statistical 
models, scenario analyses and stress tests, its losses could be greater than the maximum losses envisaged by it. 
Furthermore, the quantifications do not take all risks or market conditions into account. If the measures used to 
assess and mitigate risks prove insufficient, the Issuer may experience unanticipated losses. 
 
2. 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risks  
The operational risks that the Issuer faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external processes 
or systems, inadequate or failed outsourcing of processes, services or activities, human error, regulatory breaches, 
employee misconduct. The occurrence of any such event may result in (non-)financial loss and may harm the 
reputation of the Issuer. Inability to retain and attract well-trained personnel could adversely affect its operations and 
results. The Issuer attempts to keep operational risks at appropriate levels by developing a well-controlled 
environment in light of the characteristics of its business, the markets and the regulatory environments in which it 
operates. While these measures have the purpose for mitigation operational risks they do not eliminate them. 
 
Ineffective systems and processes  
The Issuer relies heavily on its operational processes, and communication and information systems in particular to 
conduct its business. Although with the back-up recovery systems and contingency plans that are in place, the Issuer 
cannot ensure that interruptions, failures or breaches in security of these processes and systems will not occur or, if 
they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Any such interruptions, failures or breaches, even for a limited 
period of time, could result in, for example (but not limited to):

--- Page 35 ---
- 
interruptions in the business operations including the services offered or information provided to customers, or 
inability to serve customers' needs in a timely fashion. This includes operations where the Issuer relies in services 
by third parties; 
- 
interruptions or errors in management information and/or information reported to (supervisory) authorities; 
- 
a violation of applicable regulations; 
- 
physical or mental harm to clients, personnel or other people with whom the Issuer interacts; 
- 
inability to identify in time or at all, inadequate, fraudulent, negligent and/or unauthorised dealings by employees 
of the Issuer or third parties, or telecommunication connection failures or hacking of IT systems of the Issuer or 
other cybercrime activities against the Issuer or its clients; and 
- 
considerable costs in terms of, for example, information retrieval, verification and improvement plans and 
(business)recovery. 
 
External operational risks  
The business operations of the Issuer are also vulnerable to interruption from external factors such as fire, flood, 
pandemics, bomb threats, explosions or other forms of war, terrorist activities and natural and man-made disasters. 
The Issuer cannot ensure that interruptions, failures or breaches of its communication and information systems as a 
result of external fraud will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Finally, cybercrime 
risk (state-act or otherwise) is also a relevant and ongoingly increasing threat that may lead to an interruption of 
business operations (including to customers), loss of confidential information or erosion of trust and reputation. The 
above may also apply for third parties on which the Issuer depends.  
 
E. ESG RISKS 
 
1. 
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to ESG Factors 
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to environmental factors, including the risk of (in)direct financial or reputational 
damage due to acute or chronic physical environmental events or due to the (role of the Issuer itself or the role parties 
with which the Issuer may interact in the) transition to an environmentally sustainable economy. Clients of the Issuer 
may be exposed to acute and chronic physical events resulting from environmental factors, such as river and coastal 
flooding, extreme weather events or changes in weather conditions, such as droughts, when resulting in soil setting 
or pile rot, which can cause damage to the collateral in the residential and commercial real estate lending portfolios 
of the Issuer. The event itself or the exposure to the risk as such can lead to devaluation of the collateral value. 
Clients of the Issuer may also be exposed to risks related to changes in market appreciation or legal requirements 
with regard to the energy efficiency of their houses, thus impacting the value of the (energy inefficient) collateral in 
the residential and commercial lending portfolios. Clients of the Issuer may further be exposed to substantial 
increases in energy costs following the transition to an environmentally sustainable economy, impacting payment 
capacity. The Issuer and/or clients of the Issuer may be exposed to the risk that changes in laws and regulations 
regarding environmental matters may lead to increased costs of compliance, regulatory sanctions and reputational 
damage and to potential environmentally related litigation, enforcement proceedings, investigations and conduct risk. 
Both the environmental events itself as well as the exposure of the Issuer and/or clients of the Issuer to the risk of 
such events occurring can lead to (in)direct financial or reputational damage. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to risks related to social factors, including the risk of (in)direct financial or 
reputational damage due to violations in the area of human rights, employee rights, poverty and customer 
relationships by the Issuer itself or by parties with which the Issuer may interact. The Issuer can be exposed to risk 
related to inequality, labour relations, workplace health and safety, public sentiment linked to social transformation 
towards a more and inclusive equitable society. Both the social events itself as well as the exposure of the Issuer 
and/or clients of the Issuer to the risk of such events occurring can lead to (in)direct financial or reputational damage.  
 
The Issuer is also exposed to risks related to governance factors, including the risk of (in)direct financial or 
reputational damage due to inadequate corporate governance, ethical management and transparency by the Issuer 
itself or by parties with which the Issuer may interact. The Issuer can be exposed to governance matters, such as 
poor codes of conduct, deficient anti-money laundering policies, tax avoidance practices of clients of the Issuer or of 
parties with which the Issuer may interact. Both the governance events itself as well as the exposure of the Issuer 
and/or clients of the Issuer to the risk of such events occurring can lead to (in)direct reputational or financial damage.  
 
Risk related to ESG Factors and ESG events may have a negative effect on the Issuer's reputation and could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and/or its financial position or results of operations. With regard to

--- Page 36 ---
reputational damage following from ESG Factors, see also the risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage 
to its reputation'.  
 
2. 
Risks related to the decision of the Minister of Finance regarding the future of the Issuer  
The Issuer is owned indirectly by the Dutch State through NLFI. On 22 February 2023, the Minister of Finance wrote 
to the House of Representatives that she intends to take a directional decision (richtinggevend besluit) about the 
future of the Issuer. In the decision, all options for the future and all governance models will be taken into account, 
as well as the eventual necessity for the State to safeguard the public interests related to the Issuer. The House of 
Representatives, NLFI, the Issuer, and where necessary the supervisory authorities, will be involved in the 
preparation of such directional decision. On 26 May 2023, the Minister of Finance wrote to the House of 
Representatives that the directional decision about the future of the Issuer will be preceded by an analysis of any 
insufficiently safeguarded public interests in the financial sector and how such interests can be safeguarded and an 
interim conclusion as to whether the Issuer can have a role in safeguarding those interests which will be followed by 
a further analysis of future options with the advice of NLFI. The Minister of Finance expects to share the first analysis 
and interim conclusion with the House of Representatives in the fall of 2023 and the further analysis is expected to 
be shared in the spring of 2024. The Minister of Finance then intends to discuss with the House of Representatives 
and intends to take a directional decision on the future of the Issuer after their discussions. For more information 
about the future of the Issuer, see "Recent Developments – Future options of the Issuer" in Section 1.3 (The Issuer).  
 
When the Minister of Finance takes any indicative or final decision or if the strategy fails in execution or is ineffective, 
this could result in a change to the strategy, management, governance and/or risk profile of the Issuer. There can be 
no assurance that any decision of the Minister of Finance or a change in strategy would not adversely affect the 
Issuer's credit rating, the ability of the Issuer to effectively conduct its business or its ability to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes. In addition, a change of ownership of the Issuer could result in key contracts being terminated by 
the counterparties to such contracts (including pursuant to termination rights that are exercisable upon such a change 
in ownership), which could give rise to material disruptions to the Issuer's business, additional costs to renegotiate 
those contracts, difficulties in managing its operations, and adverse impacts on the Issuer's customers. As a result, 
an eventual change in ownership could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial position and prospects. 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
 
A. RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE, STRUCTURE AND ISSUANCE OF THE NOTES 
 
1. 
The ability of the Issuer to convert interest rate of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may result in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The ability of the Issuer to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing which may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
 
2. 
Benchmark reforms may cause benchmarks used in respect of the Notes to be materially amended or 
discontinued  
The interest payable on the Notes may be determined by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
Weighted Average SOFR, SONIA, by the use of Mid Swap Rate (as defined in the applicable Final Terms), Rate of 
Exchange or another benchmark (each of these indices as well as any substitute, alternative or successor rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), including the applicable tenor and 
currency, the "Reference Rate"). Various benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as EURIBOR) may 
from time to time be the subject of ongoing regulatory guidance and proposals for reform (including as a result of the 
Benchmarks Regulation). Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
Further to these reforms, a transitioning away from the IBORs to 'risk-free rates' is expected and already taking place 
for certain IBORs. The Issuer is actively monitoring developments in respect of such reforms and implementing them 
as and when appropriate.

--- Page 37 ---
For example, EMMI has implemented a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR, having transitioned away from a quote-
based methodology. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed 
or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
 
Following the implementation of any such reforms (such as changes in methodology or otherwise) or further to other 
pressures (including from regulatory authorities), (i) the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with 
the result that benchmarks may perform differently than in the past, (ii) one or more benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, (iii) it may create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain 
benchmarks, or (iv) there could be other consequences, including those that cannot be predicted. 
 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR or any other benchmark could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative 
benchmark, or result in other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark and may adversely affect the trading market and the value of and return on any such Notes. 
See also the risk factor 'Future discontinuance of the Reference Rate and certain other events relating to the 
Reference Rate may adversely affect the value of Notes and/or the amounts payable thereunder'. In addition, any 
future changes in the method pursuant to which EURIBOR and/or other relevant benchmarks are determined or the 
transition to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease 
in the reported benchmark rates, a delay in the publication of any such benchmark rates, changes in the rules or 
methodologies in certain benchmarks discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in 
certain benchmarks, and a benchmark rate no longer being determined and published in certain situations. 
Accordingly, in respect of a Note referencing EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark, such proposals for reform 
and changes in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such a Note 
(including potential rates of interest thereon). 
 
Moreover, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Reference Rate or any other relevant 
benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a Reference Rate or other 
benchmark. See also the risk factor 'The performance of the Issuer depends on its ability to accurately price its 
products and services'.  
 
3. 
Future discontinuance of the Reference Rate and certain other events relating to the Reference Rate may 
adversely affect the value of Notes and/or the amounts payable thereunder  
Investors should be aware that if the Reference Rate has been discontinued, or, inter alia, another Benchmark Event, 
an €STR Index Cessation Event or a SOFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the Notes 
may be determined for the relevant period by reference to a substitute, alternative or successor rate, in accordance 
with the applicable fallback provision set out in Condition (c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate). The substitute, alternative or successor rate and other matters referred to in accordance with the 
applicable fallback provision as set out in Condition (c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate) will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes 
without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The 
use of a substitute, alternative or successor rate may result in the Notes that referenced the Reference Rate 
performing differently (including potentially paying a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
 
The general fallback provision as set out in Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) also provides that an 
Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer to be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate. The aim of 
the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. 
However there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application 
of the Adjustment Spread will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread 
is determined, the Replacement Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the interest rate.  
 
If the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute, alternative or successor rate pursuant to the 
applicable fallback provision set out in Condition (c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or Condition 7(d) (Replacement

--- Page 38 ---
Reference Rate) or any of the other matters referred to under such Conditions, this could result in the application of 
the fallback provisions contained in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), which may result in the Interest Rate being the interest rate applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before, inter alia, the Benchmark Event, the €STR Index Cessation Event or the SOFR 
Index Cessation Event occurred and which may ultimately result in the effective application of a fixed rate to what 
was previously a Floating Rate Note. Additionally, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes that reference to Mid Swap Rate 
or Exchange Rate, the fallback provisions contained in Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) may be applied.  
 
The appointment of any Independent Adviser by the Issuer may lead to a conflict of interests between the Issuer and 
the Noteholders and may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer 
may itself determine a fallback interest rate. In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments 
as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. In making such determinations and 
adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflict of interest in 
exercising this discretion. 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a substitute, alternative or successor rate, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the substitute, alternative or 
successor rate may perform differently from the Reference Rate. For example, several risk free rates, which are 
overnight rates, are currently being developed, while a substitute, alternative or successor rate may have a certain 
maturity, for example a term of one (1), three (3) or six (6) months. Similarly, these risk free rates generally do not 
carry an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector, which may form part of the Reference Rate. The 
differences between the substitute, alternative or successor rate and the Reference Rate could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a Reference Rate or other benchmark. 
 
4. 
There is a risk that the Issuer may be considered an 'administrator' under the Benchmarks Regulation 
The Issuer may be considered an 'administrator' under the Benchmarks Regulation. This is the case if it is considered 
to be in control over the provision of a substitute, alternative or successor rate determined in accordance with the 
applicable fallback provision set out in Condition (c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or the Replacement Reference Rate 
and/or the determined Rate of Interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made 
thereto by the Issuer and/or otherwise in determining the applicable Rate of Interest in the context of a fallback 
scenario.  
 
The Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the 
benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Issuer in the circumstances as 
described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, 
preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer 
provide such benchmark. The Issuer cannot guarantee that it will and will be able to timely obtain registration or 
authorisation to administrate a benchmark, in case the Issuer will be considered an administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation. This will also affect the possibility for the Issuer to apply the fallback provisions of Condition 
(c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) and Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), meaning that the Reference Rate will 
remain unchanged (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 7, but particularly Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) and Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and which may ultimately result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note. Other administrators may cease to 
administer certain benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control frameworks, record-keeping 
and complaints-handling.  
 
Potential investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and benchmark reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making 
any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
 
5. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes which may adversely affect trading prices of the Notes compared to securities that are linked to other 
benchmarks or later-issued securities that are based on SONIA, SOFR or €STR

--- Page 39 ---
SONIA  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes 
referencing a SONIA rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of SONIA as an interest reference 
rate for the European bond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and 
the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
 
SOFR 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for notes is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of debt securities referencing SOFR. 
 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as United States dollar LIBOR would 
have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank 
credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events.  
 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by 
which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related 
to the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of 
such Notes. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or 
dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. Furthermore, any 
failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant Notes and 
the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
 
Investors should carefully review the specific calculation conventions specified in the applicable Final Terms before 
making an investment in any series of Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR. If the market adopts a different 
convention than used for any such series of Floating Rate Notes, this could adversely affect their liquidity and market 
price. 
 
€STR  
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference €STR may have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities indexed to €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over 
time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference €STR, the trading price of 
such Notes which reference €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that €STR will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
Notes which reference €STR. If the manner in which €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an 
investment in Floating Rate Notes using €STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. 
 
In contrast to EURIBOR-based Notes, interest on Notes which make reference to SONIA, SOFR or €STR can only 
be determined at the end of the relevant observation period, reference period or interest period (as applicable) and 
immediately prior to the relevant interest payment date, whereas rates with reference to EURIBOR were determined 
prior to the commencement of the relevant period. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely

--- Page 40 ---
impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and payable as a result of an event of default, the rate of interest payable for 
the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put 
in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
 
If SONIA, SOFR or €STR do not prove to be widely used as a benchmark for securities that are similar or comparable 
to the relevant Notes, the trading price of such Notes may be lower than those of securities that are linked to rates 
that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for securities that are linked to SONIA, SOFR or €STR, including, 
but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and as a result, trading prices of the relevant Notes may be lower than those of later-issued securities that are based 
on SONIA, SOFR or €STR. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
 
6. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more in relation to 
conventional interest-bearing securities 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, such as Zero 
Coupon Notes, tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than to prices for conventional 
interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. Therefore the market value of such 
Notes may be lower than the market value of such interest-bearing Notes with comparable maturities. 
 
Changes in market interest rates may have a stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices 
of conventional interest-bearing Notes because the discounted issue prices may be substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and same credit rating. 
 
7. 
Dual Currency Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Prospective investors should be aware that: 
 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; and 
(iii) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected. 
 
8. 
A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in accordance with de Volksbank's Green 
Bond Framework and/or criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any failure to meet the 
investment requirements of investors may affect the suitability and/or value and/or trading price of such 
Green Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be allocated to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, in accordance with certain prescribed Eligibility Criteria as 
set out in in item 42 (Use of Proceeds) of the applicable Final Terms. An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
Green Bonds will be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in part or in whole, an Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio. However, any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in accordance with the de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, outside the Issuer's control (including for example as a result of scientific 
progress, relevant legislation and/or investor preferences), may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green 
Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
 
Issuances of Green Bonds by the Issuer will be in accordance with the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework 
available at https://static.devolksbank.nl/files/Green-Bond-Framework-de-Volksbank-2023.pdf?v=1696571330. The 
de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without taking into account specific interests 
of Noteholders and without the consent, approval or prior notification of Noteholders, also after the issuance of Green

--- Page 41 ---
Bonds, inter alia, to align the framework with incoming green bond regulation and guidelines. Any revisions or updates 
to the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework will be made available on the webpage mentioned above. If any 
amendment to de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework would constitute a 'significant new factor' with respect to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus, de Volksbank will supplement this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. If the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework has been amended or updated, 
the allocation of proceeds of any Green Bonds that are outstanding at the date of such amendment to de Volksbank's 
Green Bond Framework, if so specified in such amended or updated de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, may 
be different from the allocation of proceeds as was described in the version of de Green Bond Framework that was 
in force at the date of issuance of those Green Bonds. 
 
No formal or consensus definition of a 'green' or 'sustainable' (or similar) security and whether it will satisfy the criteria 
determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
 
De Volksbank's Green Bond Framework follows the ICMA Green Bond Principles. The Issuer has appointed ICS to 
provide and ICS has provided a Second Party Opinion confirming that the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework is 
in compliance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
 
The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and 
promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. While the ICMA Green Bond Principles do provide a 
high level framework, there is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a 'green' or 
'sustainable' bond or global market consensus as to what precise attributes are required for a particular asset, project, 
loan or expenditure to be classified as 'green' or 'sustainable' nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. Therefore no assurance can be provided by the Issuer to potential 
investors that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to be specified in the applicable Final Terms will meet whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements regarding the sustainability performance 
or continue to qualify as Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation has established a basis for the determination whether an economic activity qualifies 
as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally 
sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives 
set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 13 June 2023, the European Commission published a new sustainable 
finance package, including the final EU Taxonomy Disclosures Delegated Act which is expected to enter into force 
and apply from January 2024. Furthermore, a provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on 
the European Commission’s proposal for a European Union green bond standard (the "European Green Bond 
Standard"), which will establish a European Green Bond Regulation with an EU voluntary standard for green bonds. 
It is intended that the proceeds of any green bonds issued pursuant to the European Green Bond Standard will be 
invested in economic activities that are aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation and/or any (future) delegated 
regulations. The provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or when such 
European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and European Parliament. 
The definition of the Eligibility Criteria under Volksbank's Green Bond Framework takes into account the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act adopted on 13 June 2021 with the intention to 
apply them on a best-efforts basis as long as there are feasible practical applications in the geographies where the 
assets are located. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear what the impact of the European Green Bond 
Standard, if and when implemented, would be on investor demand for, and the pricing of, green use of proceeds 
bonds (such as the Green Bonds) that do not meet requirements of the European Green Bond Standard. If any Green 
Bonds do not comply with the EU Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, this could, in the future, reduce 
the demand, price and liquidity for the Green Bonds resulting in a material adverse effect for holders of such Green 
Bonds. 
 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that the Eligibility Criteria for 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation or the 
European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, at any time, or that any regime implemented in the UK 
(if any) for issuing 'green', 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any 
other) framework for such securities.

--- Page 42 ---
No assurance that a listing or admission to trading on any dedicated 'green', 'environmental', 'sustainable', 'social' or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market satisfies investor expectations or 
requirements 
 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 'green', 'environmental', 
'sustainable', 'social' or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply (including pursuant to the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented), whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
 
There can be no assurance that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will meet investors' expectations and objectives  
 
Although the applicable Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is expected to be selected in accordance with the categories 
recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles and is expected to be developed in accordance with applicable 
legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not occur 
during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects. Where 
any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may become controversial and/or 
may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders which could have a negative reputational impact on the 
Issuer and reduce the liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued by 
the Issuer. 
 
 
A failure of the Issuer to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
may occur for various reasons and would not be an Event of Default 
 
Although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or impact reporting 
and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), it would not be an Event of Default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to 
comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(notwithstanding the Issuer's intention to allocate the net proceeds in such manner that the relevant Notes qualify as 
Green Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or (ii) the Issuer would amend the Eligibility Criteria for 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, (iii) the Second Party Opinion or any other applicable verification or certification 
were to be withdrawn or not provided and/or (iv) any Eligible Green Loan ceases to be classed as such prior to 
maturity of the relevant Green Bonds (or the maturity of such Eligible Green Loan does not match the minimum 
maturity of the relevant Green Bonds) (v) the Issuer were to fail to publish the allocation reporting on the allocation 
of net proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Issuer will under 
no circumstance (i) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds, give 
rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the relevant Green Bonds) 
of a holder of such Green Bonds against the Issuer, (ii) require the Issuer to increase any amount of principal or 
interest payable on the Green Bonds or (iii) affect the qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as 
applicable) or have an impact on the status and ranking of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes issued as Green Bonds may be subject to bail-in and other resolution measures 
provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other Notes with the same status and characteristics issued under 
the Programme (by way of example, Senior Non-Preferred that are Green Bonds will be treated equally in bail-in and 
other resolution measures as Senior Non-Preferred that are not Green Bonds). See the risk factor 'Write-down and 
conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event in respect of the Issuer could adversely affect the rights and

--- Page 43 ---
effective remedies of Noteholders' on the write-down and conversion powers of the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes. Holders of Notes issued as Green Bonds (including Tier 2 Notes and Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities) will not be treated in any way differently than holders of Notes (including Tier 2 Notes and Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities) which are not issued as Green Bonds, for example in relation to Tier 2 Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, to the effect that (i) such Green Bonds are equally available to absorb losses incurred not only 
on Eligible Green Loan Portfolio but also on all types of assets on the balance sheet of the Issuer, in the event of the 
Issuer's insolvency, at the point of non-viability or in resolution (as applicable), (ii) the lack of sufficient Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolios has no consequence on such Green Bonds' permanence and loss absorbency requirements, (iii) 
such Green Bonds are equally subordinated to the claims of holders of other unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer, (iv) holders of such Green Bonds will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount 
and events of default are restricted, see the risk factors 'The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, 
rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities and capital instruments) in bankruptcy 
and in resolution' and 'Issuances of Subordinated Notes' on the restrictions relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(v) the holders of such Green Bonds cannot exercise any rights due to failure by the Issuer to comply with any ESG 
targets, and (vi) payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on such Green Bonds shall not depend on 
the performance of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio or ESG targets of the Issuer. 
 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
part or in whole, an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. However, any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of 
Green Bonds in connection with the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, 
the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds, outside 
the Issuer's control (including for example as a result of scientific progress, relevant legislation and/or investor 
preferences), may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets which may cause one or more of 
such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them which may affect the value, trading price and/or liquidity 
of the relevant Series of Green Bonds.  
 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion 
 
Potential investors in Green Bonds should be aware that the Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated into, and 
will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms and will not be issued in connection with an 
issue of Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that 
may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and is only current as of its date of issue. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. On 13 June 2023, 
the European Commission published a legislative proposal for a regulation on the transparency and integrity of 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) rating activities (the "ESG Rating Regulation"). The ESG Rating 
Regulation aims to enhance transparency in the ESG rating markets and will require ESG rating providers to be 
registered and supervised by ESMA. Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider of the Second Party 
Opinion. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion of the de Volksbank's Green Bond 
Framework or the failure of ICS to obtain a registration with ESMA or to comply with any requirements imposed on it 
by the European Green Bond Standard may affect the value of the Green Bonds and may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
 
The Issuer is furthermore subject to sustainability ratings from independent institutions who assess the Issuer's 
policies and activities in the area of sustainability. The sustainability ratings currently assigned to the Issuer are 
available 
at 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/corporate-responsibility/sustainability/ratings-duurzaamheid. 
These 
ratings can change in methodology and validity over time.  
 
The above described aspects and uncertainties relating to issuances of Green Bonds may together have a significant 
impact on the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets and/or in green assets which comply with specific criteria and/or 
result in losses or lower returns on investments. 
  
9. 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes may recover less than holders of other types of Notes issued by the 
Issuer

--- Page 44 ---
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described in Condition 4 
(STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES). Any such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands).  
  
As a result of the ranking, set out further in Condition 4 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE 
SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES), in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer are subordinated to, amongst others, 
(a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank equally to or lower than the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (b) the unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) the claims under the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes. A holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note may therefore recover less than the holders of 
deposit liabilities or the holders of other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer or the holders of senior preferred 
liabilities.  
 
With reference to the risk factor 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event in respect 
of the Issuer could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders'', in case resolution proceedings 
are commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy 
will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, 
subject to certain exceptions (discussed further in the aforementioned risk factor). 
 
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority of 
payments higher than/to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further senior 
non-preferred debt ranking pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders on a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of 
depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders.  
 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have the benefit of a higher Rate of Interest than comparable Notes, there 
is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the 
Issuer become subject to insolvency or resolution proceedings.  
 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and for the avoidance of doubt also the holders of Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes) may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with these Notes. 
 
In addition, the rights of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and for the avoidance of doubt also the holders of 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes) may be limited in certain circumstances. For example, the Issuer may have to obtain 
the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an Event of Default (as further set out in Condition(c)12 (EVENTS 
OF DEFAULT)).  
 
10. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
(other than subordinated liabilities and capital instruments) in bankruptcy and in resolution  
As further set out in Condition (c)2 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED 
NOTES), Condition 3 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL 
NOTES), Condition 4 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED 
NOTES) and Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES), the Issuer 
intends that claims in respect of its Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes will constitute part of 
the class of "ordinary unsecured claims" referred to in Article 108 Amending Directive, whilst its Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will constitute part of the new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) 'senior' unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the 
Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 45 ---
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes all share the "senior" 
designation under the Programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer (and in case of resolution, whereby the insolvency 
hierarchy is in principle followed, with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of 
claims, subject to certain exceptions as discussed further in the risk factor 'Write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments and Resolution Event in respect of the Issuer could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of 
Noteholders') the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) and other unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of 
the Issuer's insolvency (or resolution), the Issuer would generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes.  
 
Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its 
obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on 
higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, in a resolution and due to its junior ranking to the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, investors in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may generally expect to suffer higher 
losses than the investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes (although there can 
be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes will not (also) suffer 
such high or substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may therefore be more severely 
adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
pay a higher rate of interest than Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes, holders of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes (notwithstanding that all share the 'senior' designation under the Programme). Investors should ensure 
they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under the Programme – including as between the (i) Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes, (ii) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) the Subordinated 
Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes.  
 
Although the Senior Preferred MREL Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes may be treated similarly as the Senior Preferred Notes in the event any resolution action would be taken 
in respect of the Issuer. The Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes, as they rank pari passu, 
are equally capable of being written down, reduced, or converted in case of a Resolution Event. 
 
11. Redemption, substitution and variation by the Issuer in respect of the Notes could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to an optional redemption feature (see Condition (c)9 (REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE)). 
Such feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be the case prior to any optional redemption period.  
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes 
or when the Notes become subject to changes in (tax) law. In such situations, an investor generally would not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a (significantly) lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to, in certain circumstances, redeem, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes prior 
to maturity pursuant to and in accordance with Condition (c)9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition (c)9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition (c)9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for 
regulatory purposes). 
 
Additionally, any redemption, variation or substitution of the Notes may be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission 
of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such 
redemption, variation or substitution. 
 
The terms and conditions of varied or substituted Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more 
provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes. However, the Issuer

--- Page 46 ---
cannot make changes to the terms and conditions of the Notes or substitute the Notes for securities that are materially 
less favourable to the interests of holders of these Notes and following such variation or substitution the resulting 
securities must have at least, inter alia, the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date, redemption rights, existing 
rights to accrued interest which has not been paid, and assigned the same ratings as the Notes. Nonetheless, no 
assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the Notes prior to such 
variation or substitution, see 8(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) for further details. 
 
Any redemption prior to the Maturity Date as set out above could have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes as the relevant redemption amount may be less than the then current market value of the Notes. 
 
12. The qualification of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes is subject to uncertainty and may 
cause the Issuer to redeem these Notes following an MREL Event or Capital Event 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, respectively, are intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement applicable to the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final 
substance of the MREL regulations, and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and 
the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
(continue to) qualify as eligible for the Issuer's MREL Requirement. Similarly, the Subordinated Notes are intended 
to qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time (and shall thereby also count towards the Issuer’s MREL Requirement). However, the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Subordinated Notes shall (continue to) qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes. If 
the Subordinated Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer intends for these Notes to (continue to) qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, in which case the foregoing in respect of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes applies similarly to these Subordinated Notes.  
 
The Issuer may be able to redeem (i) the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities if, for any reason, these Notes are or will be excluded from 
MREL and an MREL Event has occurred and (ii) the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes if, for any reason, 
these Subordinated Notes are or will be excluded in whole, but not in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or 
reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer and a Capital Event has occurred (as set forth in Condition 
(c)9 (d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes). See also the risk factor 'Resolution regimes 
may, inter alia, lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may 
lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding'. 
 
If any of the Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL Event or a Capital Event, as applicable, or there is a 
perception that such Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of the Notes. In addition, there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes. 
 
13. Issuances of Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described in Condition 5 
(STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES) . Any principal amount and interest 
due on such Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank as set out further in Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED 
NOTES). 
 
As a result of this ranking, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of Subordinated 
Noteholders against the Issuer are subordinated to Senior Claims. By virtue of such subordination, payments to a 
Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations 
of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. A Subordinated Noteholder may therefore recover 
less than the holders of deposit liabilities or the holders of other unsubordinated or senior subordinated liabilities of 
the Issuer.  
 
On 21 December 2021, the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill entered into force in the Netherlands. The 48(7) BRRD 
Implementation Bill introduces a statutory hierarchy in bankruptcy distinguishing between own funds instruments and 
instruments not qualifying in full as own funds instruments. This statutory hierarchy may overrule any hierarchy

--- Page 47 ---
expressed in the contractual terms of Subordinated Notes (including Tier 2 Notes) issued prior to the enactment of 
the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill. The 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill provides that in bankruptcy instruments 
no longer qualifying as own funds instruments (which may include previously issued Subordinated Notes (expressed 
by their original terms to be intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) no longer qualifying as Tier 2 Notes), may be 
recovered from the bankruptcy estate immediately prior to instruments qualifying as own funds. Consequently, 
Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital Event has occurred, or other fully disqualified own funds 
instruments, will in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank senior to (other) Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds (in 
whole or in part). Although it may be expected that those instruments issued by the Issuer no longer qualifying as 
own funds will, unless otherwise expressed by their terms, rank pari passu with all other unsecured, unguaranteed 
and subordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding own funds) of the Issuer (including the 
Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Notes), this ranking among subordinated obligations is not explicitly 
provided for by the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill. Because of this lack of clarity, there is a risk that instruments 
issued by the Issuer no longer qualifying as own funds will rank differently from the Issuer's other unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations, notwithstanding their contractual subordination. The 48(7) BRRD 
Implementation Bill further provides that the newly introduced statutory hierarchy for own funds instruments will apply 
to claims for repayment of the principal amount of the Notes only and not to claims for interest payable on such Notes. 
Consequently, claims of Noteholders for the repayment of the principal amount of the Tier 2 Notes may rank junior 
to the Issuer's other unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding 
own funds) whereas such Noteholders' claims for the interest payable on the Tier 2 Notes may rank pari passu to the 
Issuer's unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations. 
 
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority of payments with the 
Subordinated Notes. Also, the Issuer is not restricted in incurring or issuing further subordinated liabilities and 
securities ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Subordinated Noteholders in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-
up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be 
a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. 
 
No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it 
by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes. 
 
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Noteholders may be limited in certain respects. The Issuer may have to obtain 
the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Subordinated Notes 
following an Event of Default (as further set out in Condition(c)12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT)). 
 
Although Subordinated Notes may have the benefit of a higher Rate of Interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment 
should the Issuer become subject to insolvency or resolution proceedings.  
 
14. Limited rights to accelerate, set-off or netting of Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes 
Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Notes other than 
Senior Preferred Notes. See Condition(c)12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT), which limits the events of default to (i) the 
Issuer being declared bankrupt by a competent court and (ii) an order being made or an effective resolution being 
passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation 
or other form of combination or this involves a solvent liquidation. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest 
payment or other obligations under the Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes), such failure will not give holders 
of such Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of such Notes. 
 
No holder of Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes) may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect 
of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with these Notes. 
 
In addition, the rights of holders of Notes (other than Senior Preferred Notes) may be limited in certain circumstances. 
For example, the Issuer may have to obtain the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting 
any repayment of Senior Preferred MREL Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an Event of Default (as 
further set out in Condition(c)12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT)).  
 
15. Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event in respect of the Issuer could 
adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders

--- Page 48 ---
If a Non-Viability Event occurs, the Issuer may be subject to the write-down, cancellation or conversion of relevant 
capital instruments issued by it (or in cooperation with it) (i.e. Common Equity Tier 1 items, Additional Tier 1 
instruments and Tier 2 instruments, each as referred to in the CRR). This write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments tool (WDCCI) could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of holders of any Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Notes and the market value of such Notes could be negatively affected.  
 
If a Resolution Event occurs, the Issuer may be placed under resolution. The Resolution Authority may in the event 
of resolution decide to apply certain resolution tools, including a bail-in tool which may be applied to recapitalise the 
Issuer. The bail-in tool extends further than WDCCI, and may also result in the write-down, or conversion into (claims 
which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, of eligible liabilities of the Issuer (such as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities), 
in accordance with a certain order of priority (see below).  
 
The Resolution Authority should take the write-down and conversion steps among the principal amount of the 
Notes in the following order (subject to certain exceptions and potential changes in the future): 
 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes; 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes (but may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities); 
(iii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iv) 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
 
Also see Condition 2 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES), 
Condition 3 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL NOTES), 
Condition 4 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES) and 
Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES) in respect of these 
orders. It follows from the above that all relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities of the Issuer (such as 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred MREL Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that 
are not Tier 2 Notes) are capable of being written down, reduced, or converted into (claims which may give rights to) 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, if the Issuer is subjected to WDCCI in a Non-Viability Event (extends only to 
capital instruments) or the WDCCI and/or bail-in tool in a Resolution Event (extends also to eligible liabilities). 
 
In respect of the abovementioned rankings and the principle that the ranking in bankruptcy is followed in case of 
resolution (notably when bail-in is applied), with the relevant resolution powers being applied in a reverse order of 
priority of claims, it is highlighted, as one of the aforementioned exceptions to this principle, that there is a statutory 
exclusion of certain liabilities from the bail-in tool (cf. Article 44(2) BRRD) and a potential exclusion or partial exclusion 
of certain liabilities from the bail-in tool by decision of the Resolution Authority (cf. Article 44(3) BRRD).  
 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of Statutory Loss Absorption 
shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims for any principal amount and accrued 
but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down. Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or such 
Recapitalisation. If the definitive valuation that is made ex-post shows that the level of write-down exceeds the 
requirements, the Resolution Authority may apply a write-up (or 'write back') mechanism to reimburse Noteholders, 
which would essentially entail an increase of the value of their claims under the Notes. 
 
The occurrence of a Non-Viability Event or Resolution Event may be unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. The Resolution Authority may require or may cause a write-
down or conversion (or apply any other measure under the Applicable Resolution Framework; see above under 
'Resolution regimes may, inter alia, lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding') in circumstances that are 
beyond the control of the Issuer and with which the Issuer may not agree. It is possible that the Resolution Authority 
will use its powers under the Applicable Resolution Framework (see 'Risk Factors regarding the Issuer' above and 
'Resolution regimes may, inter alia, lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding') to force a write-down or 
conversion, which could result in subordinated and/or senior debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses (such 
as the Notes).

--- Page 49 ---
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding the determination of whether a Non-Viability Event or Resolution Event 
exists, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, a write-down or conversion will occur. Accordingly, market prices and 
trading strategy in respect of Notes which may be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption may differ from other types of 
securities. Any indication that the Issuer may be subject to a recovery or resolution measure, including that the Notes 
may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, could have an adverse effect on tradability 
and/or the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that it may lose all of its 
investment in such Notes (subject to the hierarchy of write-down and conversion), including the principal amount plus 
any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that a recovery or resolution procedure (including Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation) occurs. The amount of MREL held by the Issuer may be insufficient to avoid Senior 
Preferred Noteholders in resolution losing their investment in the Senior Preferred Notes. Furthermore, the European 
Commission published a proposal for the Reform of the Banking Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance 
Framework, which, amongst others, considers the introduction of legal preference in insolvency to other categories 
of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD, and which may potentially have a negative impact on the 
relative ranking of Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
B. RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
 
1. 
Modification, waivers and substitution which may be contrary to Noteholders' interests 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
 
The Terms and Conditions also provide that the Agent may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of 
Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the 
circumstances described in Condition (c)19 (SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER) or (iv) the variation or substitution 
of certain Notes in the circumstances described in Condition (c)9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for 
regulatory purposes). Any such modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders. 
 
2. 
The Notes may not be recognised as Eurosystem eligible if not all Eurosystem eligibility criteria are satisfied 
which may have a negative impact on the liquidity and/or market value of such Notes 
Notes may be issued with the intention to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. In that case 
such Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the international central securities depositories and/or 
central securities depositories that fulfil the minimum standard established by the ECB. However, it does not 
necessarily mean that each Note will be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the Eurosystem and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will, as in any particular case, depend upon satisfaction of all Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time and 
there can be no assurance that such Notes will be recognised as such or will remain to be recognised as such. If the 
Notes are not recognised as Eurosystem eligible, this is likely to have a negative impact on the liquidity and/or market 
value of such Notes.  
 
3. 
Noteholders may exposed to the credit risk and default risk of a nominee service provider and the risk that 
a nominee service provider may fail to pass on a notice or fail to take instructions 
Where, in the case of an issuance of Notes a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold the relevant 
Notes or such investor holds interests in any Series of Notes through accounts with a clearing system (such as 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland), such investor will receive payments in respect of 
principal, interest, (if any) or any other amounts due, as applicable, solely on the basis of the arrangements entered 
into by the investor with the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as the case may be. Furthermore, 
such investor must rely on the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system to distribute all payments 
attributable to the relevant Notes which are received from the Issuer. Accordingly, such an investor will be exposed 
to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as well 
as the Issuer. 
 
For the purposes of (a) distributing any notices to Noteholders and (b) recognising Noteholders for the purposes of 
attending and/or voting at any meetings of Noteholders, the Issuer will recognise as Noteholders only those persons 
who are at any time shown as accountholders in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 50 ---
Euroclear Nederland as persons holding a principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes. Accordingly, an investor 
must rely upon the nominee service provider which is the accountholder with the relevant clearing system through 
which the investor made arrangements to invest in the Notes (and, if applicable, the domestic clearing system through 
which the Notes are held), to forward notices received by it from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear Nederland and to return the investor's voting instructions or voting certificate application to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland. Accordingly, investors in the Notes will be exposed to the risk that 
the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system may fail to pass on the relevant notice to or fail to take 
relevant instructions from the relevant investor which may limit the investor's disposal of the Notes. 
 
4. 
Risk of change of law and jurisdiction in respect of the Notes 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any possible 
judicial decisions or changes to Dutch law after the date of this Base Prospectus may have a material adverse effect 
on the Notes. 
 
The Dutch courts shall have jurisdiction in respect of any disputes involving any Series of Notes. Noteholders may 
take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of 
competent jurisdiction. Dutch law may be materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of 
prospective investors in its application to the Notes. 
 
C. RISKS RELATED TO THE ADMISSION OF THE SECURITIES TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET 
 
1. 
Secondary market and illiquidity risk 
There can be no assurance as to how any Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be 
liquid or illiquid. Application may or may not be made to list the Notes on a stock exchange, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. No assurance 
can be given that there will be a market for any Notes. If any Notes are not traded on any stock exchange, pricing 
information for such Notes may be more difficult to obtain, and the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be 
adversely affected. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
 
The liquidity of the Notes may also be affected by restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes in some jurisdictions 
as such restrictions reduces the market for the Notes which may result in investors not being able to sell their Notes 
easily. Lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no 
decline in the performance of the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict if and when conditions of general 
market illiquidity for such Notes and instruments similar to such Notes will occur in the future. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
 
2. 
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may 
be more attractive to investors. In this event, such Fixed Rate Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes 
having the same maturity and same credit rating but paying a higher fixed rate of interest. 
  
 
3. 
The Notes are subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if the Investor's Currency is different from the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors in the Notes may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at 
all.

--- Page 51 ---
4. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during the tenor of the 
Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the Notes. 
 
5. 
The credit ratings of the Notes may not reflect all risks 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and the methodologies of determining credit ratings may be changed from time 
to time leading to potential downgrades. 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. There is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given 
period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. 
 
Such change may, among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating 
securities with similar structures to the Notes, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer's financial strength or other 
factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Noteholders and prospective investors 
should be aware that such a change in the methodology of a rating agency could result in certain series of Notes 
being downgraded, potentially to non-investment grade (if the relevant Notes are issued before the new methodology 
is applied by a rating agency to such Notes) or receiving a lower rating than that is currently expected from that rating 
agency (if the relevant Notes are issued after the new methodology is applied by that rating agency to such Notes). 
 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, the market 
value of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support 
or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
 
5. 
Integral multiples of less than € 100,000 in case of Definitive Notes may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Notes which has a denomination of € 100,000 (or higher or its equivalent in another 
currency) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes will be traded in 
amounts in excess of € 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) that are not integral multiples of € 100,000 (or 
its equivalent in another currency) for the purpose of this paragraph, a "Stub Amount"). In such a case a Noteholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a Stub Amount may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts up to a Specified Denomination. As long as the Stub Amount is held in the relevant clearing system, 
the Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount. If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be 
aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade, which may negatively affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
1.2. CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS 
 
Responsibility statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. Any information from third parties identified in this Base Prospectus as such has been 
accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by a 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer. The Dealers do not accept any liability in relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
Furthermore, none of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer to be appointed under the Programme, the Agent shall be 
responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service provider or clearing system nor makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the services provided by any relevant nominee service provider or 
clearing system. 
 
Notice 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for a 
period of up to twelve (12) months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 12 October 2024, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.  
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in accordance with any amendment or supplement hereto and with 
any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Series or Tranche of Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers to furnish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in case of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noticed between the time when this Base 
Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the 
case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, in respect of Notes issued 
on the basis of this Base Prospectus.  
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, any document incorporated by reference 
herein, or the applicable Final Terms, or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the offering 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer. 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective 
dates of issue. The delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall not in any circumstances imply that the information contained in such documents is correct at any time subsequent 
to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since 
such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the time indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Arranger and any Dealer expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its own legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or 
the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Arranger or any Dealer in 
their capacity as such. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes (including an evaluation of the financial condition, creditworthiness and affairs of the Issuer) 
and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
and any supplements; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks (including, without 
limitation, those described in 'Risk Factors' in this Base Prospectus). 
 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see section 1.8 (Subscription and Sale). 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by 
Regulation S.

--- Page 54 ---
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by United States 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer 
or solicitation. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, further action 
may be required under the Programme which would permit a public offering of the Notes or distribution of this document 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
All offers remain subject to restrictions set out in section 1.8 (Subscription and Sale). Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer 
have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin at any time after the adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Notes and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Notes and sixty (60) days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any loss resulting from any such over-allotment or stabilisation shall be borne, and any net profit arising therefrom shall 
be retained, by the relevant Stabilising Manager for its own account. 
 
Notice to prospective investors of Green Bonds 
 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers make any representation or assurances as to the suitability to fulfil any 
ESG criteria required by any prospective investors of any Green Bonds, including the listing or admission to trading thereof 
on any dedicated 'green', 'environmental', 'sustainable', 'social' or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated). None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers is responsible 
for any Second Party Opinion or any other third-party green, environmental and sustainability assessment of the Green 
Bonds. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any 
Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, any Second Party Opinion delivered in respect thereof, any public reporting by or 
on behalf of the Issuer for further information. The de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion, 
any reports, verification assessments, opinions, contents or information included therein and (unless otherwise stated) on 
any websites mentioned in this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be incorporated into, and will not form part 
of, this Base Prospectus. Any such Second Party Opinion delivered in connection with the de Volksbank's Green Bond 
Framework or any Green Bonds may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant 
Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or value 
of the Green Bonds. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only 
current as of its date of issue. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion

--- Page 55 ---
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion for the purpose of any investment in any 
Green Bonds.  
No assurance is or can be provided by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to potential investors that the Eligibility 
Criteria described in section 1.6 (Use of Proceeds) will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation, within the EU Taxonomy Regulation and/or the delegated regulations thereunder at any time or that they will 
meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation may change over time. There is a possibility that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and any 
sustainability framework(s) that the Issuer may publish from time to time may no longer fully align with the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation in the future. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment 
of the Eligibility Criteria for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
meets such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the allocation of the proceeds by the 
Issuer.

--- Page 56 ---
1.3. 
THE ISSUER 
 
Incorporation and ownership 
de Volksbank N.V. was incorporated on 18 December 1990 as a 'naamloze vennootschap', a public limited liability 
company under Dutch law, as a result of the merger of several regional savings banks. Its legal name is de Volksbank 
N.V. and its corporate seat is in Utrecht, the Netherlands. The registered office of the Issuer is Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ, 
Utrecht, the Netherlands and the Issuer is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
(Handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel), under number 16062338. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
is 724500A1FNICHSDF2I11. The telephone number of the Issuer is +31(0)30 291 5200. The website of the Issuer is 
https://www.devolksbank.nl. 
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
www.devolksbank.nl, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
 
The articles of association of the Issuer were most recently amended by notarial deed on 30 March 2019 before Mr. W.H. 
Bossenbroek, civil law notary practising in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
As per the date of this Base Prospectus, NLFI is, on behalf of the Dutch State, the sole shareholder of the Issuer (see 
chart below). NLFI as the sole shareholder may exercise control over the Issuer. With a view of the objectives and 
governance of the NLFI, such control will likely be exercised in a prudent manner. NLFI has expressed, amongst other 
things, that in exercising the rights attached to the shares it will be guided primarily by the financial and economic interests 
of the holder of the depositary receipts for shares issued by NLFI (i.e. the Dutch State), taking into account the interests 
of the Issuer and all the employees concerned. This entails, inter alia, that NLFI will monitor that the Issuer pursues a 
responsible corporate strategy that is in line with sound commercial business operations and the applicable rules of good 
corporate governance. NLFI has expressed that it will exercise the rights attached to the shares in such a way that the 
Issuer decides its own commercial strategy independently and exercises the day-to-day running of its company so that 
there is no question of coordinating the commercial policy of the Issuer.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NLFI 
 
de Volksbank 
N.V. 
Several 
subsidiaries 
Ordinary Shares 
100%

--- Page 57 ---
Governance of the Issuer 
The Executive Board, the Executive Committee and the Supervisory Board consist of the members set out below.  
 
Executive Board 
The Executive Board is composed of statutory members. Principal activities performed by its members outside the Issuer, 
which are significant with respect to the Issuer, are as follows: 
 
- 
Mr. M.H.J. Gribnau, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Member Board of the Dutch Banking Association 
 
 
- 
Mr. A. Haag, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
None  
 
- 
Mr. J.R. Dijst, Chief Risk Officer (CRO)  
None 
 
- 
Mrs. M.L. van der Meer, Chief Customer Officer (CCO) 
Member Committee on Consumer Affairs of the Dutch Banking Association 
 
All members of the Executive Board have full time positions and have elected domicile at the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee consists of statutory and non-statutory members. Principal activities performed by the members 
of the Executive Committee outside the Issuer, which are significant with respect to the Issuer, are as follows:  
 
- 
Mr. M.H.J. Gribnau, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), statutory member 
None 
 
 
- 
Mr. A. Haag, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), statutory member 
None 
 
- 
Mr. J.R. Dijst, Chief Risk Officer (CRO), statutory member 
None 
 
- 
Mrs. M.L. van der Meer, Chief Customer Officer (CCO), statutory member 
None 
 
- 
Mrs. M.S. de Jongh, Chief Transformation Officer (CTO), non-statutory member 
None 
 
- 
Mr. C.L.M Ruijterman, Chief Information Officer (CIO), non-statutory member 
None 
 
- 
Mrs. J. Touw, Chief People & Organisation Officer (CPOO), non-statutory member 
None 
 
All members of the Executive Committee have full time positions and have elected domicile at the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of and the principal activities outside the Issuer of the members of the Supervisory Board 
are as follows: 
 
- 
Mr. G. Van Olphen, Chairman  
Member supervisory board of a.s.r. / Member audit & risk committee / Member nomination & ESG committee 
Independent member of the Board of GP House B.V.

--- Page 58 ---
- 
Mrs. J.G.H. Helthuis 
Vice-Chair of the supervisory board of ProRail B.V. / Member of the Audit Committee, Selection & Appointment 
Committee and Remuneration Committee 
 
- 
Mrs. P.C. van Hoeken 
Member supervisory board of Nordea Bank / Member risk & compliance committee and audit committee 
Member of the supervisory board of the Oranje Fonds / Member of the Audit Committee and member of the 
Investment Committee 
Advisor of the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate / Chair of the Credit Committee of the Corporate Finance 
Guarantee Scheme (GO Scheme) / Chair of the Risk & Compliance Committee and member of the Audit 
Committee 
Member of the Review Committee Donations of the University of Leiden 
Member of the board of the foundation for the holding and administration of shares under the RDS (Royal Dutch 
Shell) employee share plans 
 
- 
Mr. A.H.P. Kregting  
Head of Global Enabling Services ASML  
Member supervisory board of UMC Utrecht 
 
- 
Mr. J.H.P.M. van Lange 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the People & Organisation Committee of Zuyderland 
Medisch Centrum  
Vice-Chairman of the supervisory board and Chairman of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee of Bouwinvest 
N.V. 
Member of the Board of Governors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Tilburg University  
Member of the Investment Advisory Committee of Dela Coöperatie U.A. 
Chair of the Landgoed Kasteel Geldrop Foundation 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee currently consists of three members (each members of the Supervisory Board): 
 
- 
Mr. J.H.P.M. van Lange, Chairman 
- 
Mrs. P.C. van Hoeken 
- 
Mr. A.H.P. Kregting 
 
The Audit Committee supports the Supervisory Board in its decision making. The Audit Committee provides advice to the 
Supervisory Board in, inter alia, the following areas: 
 
(i) 
the set up and operation of the framework of the internal risk management and control systems of the Issuer set 
up and maintained by the Executive Board, the Executive Committee and senior management of the Issuer, 
including the compliance with relevant laws and regulations and supervision on the functioning of internal and 
external codes of conduct; 
(ii) 
the quality, completeness, accuracy and timeliness of the provision of financial information by the Issuer on the 
basis of which the achievement of the objectives of the Issuer and its business units shall be assessed; 
(iii) 
compliance with recommendations and follow-up of observations of internal auditors, external auditors, tax 
advisors, actuaries and regulatory authorities;  
(iv) 
discussions on the checks and audits performed by the Audit department in respect of the internal risk 
management and control systems of the Issuer; 
(v) 
the role and the functioning (scope, effectiveness and quality) of the Audit function of the Issuer, including the 
assessment of risk analyses, annual plans, quarterly reports and performance reports prepared by the Audit 
function; 
(vi) 
the policy of the Issuer in respect of tax planning; 
(vii) 
the effectiveness, scope, independence, quality and involvement of the external auditor, including the financial 
reporting process; 
(viii) 
adoption of the annual accounts, approval of the annual budget and major capital investments as well as funding 
of the Issuer; and  
(ix) 
the applications of information and communication technology.

--- Page 59 ---
The Audit Committee shall ensure a robust process and shall provide the Supervisory Board with advice regarding the 
(re)appointment, remuneration and the cancellation of the assignment of the external auditor. The chairman of the Audit 
Committee shall be actively involved in the appointment, assessment/remuneration, suspension and dismissal of the Audit 
Director. 
 
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Audit Director and external auditor have standing 
invitations to attend the meetings of the Audit Committee. The chairman of the Audit Committee, the Audit Director and 
the external auditor hold a preliminary consultation prior to each meeting, unless the persons involved consider this to be 
unnecessary. Once a year, a meeting of the Audit Committee takes place where only the Audit Director and the external 
auditor are present.  
 
The Issuer and the Banking Code  
The revised Banking Code as published by the Dutch Banking Association (Nederlandse Vereniging van Banken) in 
October 2014 and effective as of 1 January 2015 (as lastly amended in 2022) consists of a package for sound governance. 
It is a product of self-regulation of Dutch banks. It consists of a Social Charter, the Banking Code and the rules of conduct 
associated with the bankers' oath, which must all be seen in conjunction with one another. All three elements of this 
package are clearly reflected within the internal manifesto of the Issuer. 
 
The Banking Code is applicable on a licensing level. It is therefore applicable to the Issuer and to all of the Issuer's banking 
activities. All the principles of the Banking Code have been embedded in the Issuer's business processes.  
 
The website of the Issuer provides an overview of the application of the Banking Code (https://www.devolksbank.nl/over-
ons/code-banken). Compliance with the Banking Code is constantly monitored and is due to its nature a dynamic 
process. 
 
The Issuer and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
The Code is a code of conduct applicable to listed companies. The Code contains principles and best practice provisions 
for sound governance, that regulate relations between the board of directors, the supervisory board and shareholders 
(including the general meeting of shareholders) and stakeholders. The Code is not applicable to the Issuer, as the Code 
applies to listed companies only and the Issuer's shares are not listed on any stock exchange. Despite the fact that all 
shares in the Issuer are held by NLFI, the Issuer voluntarily applies the Code since 30 September 2015. In that respect, 
the Issuer focuses mainly on compliance with the Code's principles and best practice provisions pertaining to its Executive 
Board, Executive Committee, Supervisory Board and internal and external audits. The Code is based on the principle of 
'comply or explain', see https://www.devolksbank.nl/over-ons/nederlandse-corporate-governance-code for an 
overview of how the Issuer implements the provisions from the Code in its governance structure. Certain provisions of the 
Code are not applicable to the Issuer as they relate to the listing of shares on a stock exchange. Otherwise the Issuer 
complies with the Code, with the following exception. The terms of appointment of the members of the Supervisory Board, 
as laid down in the regulations for the Supervisory Board, are linked to the general meeting of shareholders by reference 
to the articles of association of the Issuer. This means that these terms of office may in theory be longer than specified in 
the Code. 
 
The Issuer and ESG 
The sustainability policy of the Issuer is underpinned by three pillars: Climate, Biodiversity and Human Rights (together 
the “Sustainability Policies”). The purpose of these Sustainability Policies is to have a well-understood and accepted 
governance and definition of sustainability for the Issuer and its stakeholders. 
Climate impact 
The Issuer applies approved science based targets ("SBTs") for emission reductions. The Issuer has set its SBTs (or 
emission reduction targets) on mortgages (real estate), renewable energy (power) and investments covering relevant 
balance sheet categories. The SBTs complement the Issuer’s goal of achieving a climate neutral balance sheet, as it 
indicates the pace at which and the extent to which the Issuer needs to reduce the CO2e emissions of its own business 
operations and the financed CO2e emissions of its main portfolios. In 2022 the Issuer published its Climate Action Plan, 
as part of its contribution to the Dutch National Climate Agreement. In the Issuer’s Climate Action Plan, the Issuer defined 
its ambition for a net zero balance sheet in 2050. 
Green Buildings & Renewable Energy  
The Issuer has set up its green bond strategy, via the publication of its first green bond framework, back in April 2019, 
aimed at issuing green bonds to (re)finance green assets, namely green residential buildings in the Netherlands and 
renewable energy projects. The Issuer sees the issuance of green bonds as an effective tool to make a positive 
contribution to the climate, its emission reduction targets and achieving the Sustainable Development Goals of the United

--- Page 60 ---
Nations. The Issuer aims to further diversify its investor base through its green financing strategy by focusing on socially 
responsible and highly dedicated sustainable investors and by strengthening the relationship with existing investors. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest of the Executive Board, Executive Committee and Supervisory Board 
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to the Issuer and the private interests and/or other duties of the 
Executive Board members, Executive Committee members and/or the Supervisory Board members of the Issuer. These 
members may obtain financial services of the Issuer. Internal rules are in place to recognise and prevent any potential 
conflicts of interest that may arise. 
 
Independent Auditor 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP has been appointed as independent auditor to the Issuer as of 1 January 2016. All audit 
partners of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP involved in the audit of the financial statements of the Issuer are a member 
of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants, NBA). The address of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, 
the Netherlands. 
 
Rating Agencies 
The Issuer has been rated by independent rating agencies Moody's, S&P and Fitch. The most recently published reports 
by these rating agencies, expressing opinions on any of the ratings assigned to the Issuer, are made available on 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/credit-ratings. Please see below an overview of the ratings assigned to the 
Issuer.  
 
Ratings of the Issuer per date of this Base Prospectus 
  
Long-term credit ratings 
S&P 
Moody's 
Fitch 
The Issuer 
A (stable)  
A2 (stable) 
A- (stable) 
 
Short-term credit ratings 
S&P 
Moody's 
Fitch 
The Issuer 
A-1 
P-1  
F1 
 
Company profile 
The Issuer aims to meet the specific financial needs of its customers in a people-oriented, efficient and sustainable 
manner. Our mission is ‘banking with a human touch’. We achieve it by creating value for all our stakeholders: our 
customers, society at large, our employees and our shareholder. We aim for optimum total value rather than maximisation 
of a single value. Together with our brands we strive for strong customer relationships and increasing our social impact. 
 
The Issuer has a focus on the Dutch market, offering understandable and transparent mortgage, savings and payment 
products to private individuals and smaller companies. The Issuer also offers insurance and investment services and aims 
to maintain its strong liquidity profile and capital structure. 
 
 
The Issuer is pursuing a multi-brand strategy with ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, RegioBank and SNS. Each of these brands 
has its own distinctive profile that meets the needs of its customer group. A single back office, a powerful IT organisation 
and a central staff organisation allow the Issuer to operate effectively and efficiently. 
 
The Issuer has the following four bank brands each displaying its own identity and image. ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, 
RegioBank and SNS. 
 
Four Bank brands and their missions: 
 
- 
ASN Bank seeks to make sustainability accessible to all Dutch people, enabling them to use their money to do 
the right thing for people, animals and nature all over the country; 
 
- 
BLG Wonen aims to facilitate a society in which people can live contentedly in a manner that suits their wishes 
and financial situation; 
 
- 
RegioBank is committed to maintain the quality of life in Dutch communities by taking on the role of community 
builder and contributing to social and economic vitality; and

--- Page 61 ---
- 
SNS helps people achieve their goals and dreams by focusing on the growth of each individual. SNS believes 
that if everyone is allowed to grow in their own way, it will make the Netherlands stronger. 
 
Supervision 
The regulatory framework is under constant scrutiny, at a national, supranational and international level. Many new rules 
and regulations have entered into force in recent years and will enter into force the following years. Important changes 
with respect to the supervision on the Issuer have been and will be introduced by CRD, the implementation of the BRRD, 
the SRM Regulation, the EU Banking Reforms and the Basel III Reforms (see section 1.1 (Risk Factors), the risk factors 
'Major changes in laws and regulations as well as enforcement action could have a negative impact on the Issuer' and 
'Resolution regimes may, inter alia, lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their 
claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding'). 
 
Within the group consisting of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, the following entities hold licences under the Wft (excluding 
finance service providers licences): 
 
Bank: 
de Volksbank N.V. 
 
Alternative Investment Fund Manager: 
ASN Beleggingsinstellingen Beheer B.V. 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
The SSM is one of the elements of the Banking Union. The SSM has created a new system of financial supervision 
comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The Issuer is considered a 
'significant credit institution' under the SSM and is therefore since 4 November 2014 subject to direct supervision by the 
ECB. Specific tasks relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions have been conferred to the ECB. 
 
Other systemically important institution 
The Issuer has been designated as an 'other systemically important institution'. 
 
Recent developments 
 
Future options of the Issuer 
In its progress report dated 30 June 2022 NLFI stated that the Issuer made a good start in creating a more robust 
organisation and strengthening its social identity since the introduction of the strategy for 2021-2025, which it had 
introduced in February 2021. NLFI remarked that further measures will be necessary to achieve a structural improvement 
of financial results and that market dynamics, i.e. higher inflation, higher interest rates, geo-political developments, may 
have an impact and may require further adjustments. The implementation of the strategy and the subsequent improvement 
of financial results will require several years and the Minister of Finance noted that the Issuer should be given time to 
bring this about. Therefore, the Minister of Finance agreed with NLFI that it was too early for a decision on the privatisation 
of the bank. On an earlier occasion, on 26 January 2022, during a general consultation on State participations, the Minister 
of Finance had mentioned that NLFI had indicated a period of approximately three (3) years before a decision could be 
taken on the future options for the Issuer.  
 
On 22 February 2023, the Minister of Finance wrote to the House of Representatives that she intends to take a directional 
decision (richtinggevend besluit) about the future of de Volksbank. In such decision, all options for the future and all 
governance models will be taken into account, as well as the eventual necessity for the State to safeguard the public 
interests related to the Issuer. The House of Representatives, NLFI, the Issuer, and where necessary the supervisory 
authorities, will be involved in the preparation of the directional decision. The Minister of Finance concluded that a definitive 
choice for a future option can only be made when NLFI concludes that de Volksbank is ready for a decision. On 26 May 
2023, the Minister of Finance wrote to the House of Representatives that she intends to inform the House of 
Representatives in a two steps process towards the directional decision. The first step will be an analysis of any 
insufficiently safeguarded public interests in the financial sector and of how such interests can be safeguarded, and an 
interim conclusion as to whether the Issuer could have a role in safeguarding those interests. The Minister of Finance 
intends to inform the House of Representatives in the fall of 2023 on the completion of this analysis and the interim 
conclusion. The second step will be a further analysis of the future options of the Issuer. NLFI will advise the Minister of 
Finance in this process. The Minister of Finance expects to share such further analysis with the House of Representatives

--- Page 62 ---
in the spring of 2024. The Minister of Finance will then discuss with the House of Representatives and take a directional 
decision on the future of the Issuer after their discussions.  
 
In its most recent progress report dated June 2023, NLFI stated that de Volksbank is making progress and has achieved 
substantially better results. 
 
Redundancy plan  
The organisation is in the process of being structured differently and transitioning into a uniform and agile way of working. 
At year-end 2021, the restructuring provision in relation to the agile way or working amounted to € 48 million. This 
approach results in more efficient collaboration and a flatter organisation. At year-end 2022, the restructuring provision 
was reassessed resulting in a release of € 23 million. This release is the result of a rapidly changing regulatory 
environment, which requires additional professional expertise and capacity within the bank, compared to the assumptions 
made in the initial restructuring plan drawn up in 2020. The envisaged reduction in existing FTEs was adjusted in favour 
of re-employment in other vacancies mainly related to additional regulatory and compliance topics, resulting in fewer 
redundancies. During the year € 17 million of this provision has been used. The remaining restructuring provision at year-
end 2022 amounted to € 13 million. 
 
The Issuer participated in the EBA stress test  
In 2023, the Issuer participated in the EBA stress test exercise conducted by the EBA and the ECB. This stress test was 
conducted in parallel with the SSM stress test and addressed 57 banking groups under the ECB's direct supervision. The 
SSM stress test was performed at the highest level of consolidation. The EBA stress test did not contain a pass/fail 
threshold. The stress test assesses the resilience of European banks to extreme but plausible adverse market 
developments over a period of three (3) years. At reference date 31 December 2022, the consolidated CET1 ratio of the 
Issuer stood at 20.3%. Based on the severe scenario assumptions and severe methodological restrictions in the EBA 
stress test's adverse scenario, the CET1 ratio of the Issuer ends up at 10.01% at year-end 2025. The Issuer's overall 
CET1 capital ratio requirement up until April 2023 is 9.69% and from May 2023 onwards the Issuer's overall CET1 capital 
ratio requirement is 10.69%. 
 
Stress test results for all significant institutions are used to assess the pillar 2 capital needs of individual banks in the 
context of the SSM SREP. As of May 2023, based on the SSM SREP decision of 2022, the Issuer is required to maintain 
a minimum ET1 ratio of 10.69% (including the pillar 2 requirement). This CET1 capital requirement also includes the 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the buffer for other systemically important institutions of (currently) 1% and a 
countercyclical capital buffer of 1%. 
 
The Issuer's CET1 capital ratio at year end 2022 is 20.3%, which is well above its current internal objective of 19.0% and 
the 10.69% CET1 overall capital requirement. 
 
2022 Annual Results of the Issuer 
On 10 February 2023, the Issuer published a press release and financial report regarding its 2022 results on a 
consolidated basis. The 2022 results included the following highlights. 
 
In 2022, the number of active multi-customers (being a customer with a current account and at least one product from 
another product group and may be a retail customer or a business customer) of de Volksbank rose by 72,000 to 1,087,000. 
The total customer base decreased by 182,000, due to the outflow of mono-savings customers, following the introduction 
of a monthly rate for basic banking services.  
 
The Issuer's new residential mortgage production declined to € 7.4 billion, from € 8.1 billion in 2021. The market share of 
new mortgages decreased to 5.4% (2021: 5.8%) in a rapidly changing housing market environment. On a total residential 
mortgage portfolio basis, the market share was slightly lower at 5.9% (2021: 6.0%). 
 
Mortgage repayments amounted to € 6.3 billion, down compared with 2021 (€ 7.0 billion), mainly due to the decreasing 
mortgage refinancing volumes. As mortgage production was higher than repayments, the Issuer's mortgage portfolio, 
excluding IFRS value adjustments, showed an increase to € 49.1 billion compared with € 48.0 billion at the end of 2021. 
 
In 2022, the share of new mortgages with a fixed interest rate of fifteen (15) years or longer amounted to 60% of the 
Issuer’s total mortgage originations (2021: 71%). Impacted by the sharp increase in mortgage rates in the second quarter 
of 2022, there was a shift visible toward 10-years fixed mortgage rates and the market for new mortgages contracted.

--- Page 63 ---
Retail savings at the Issuer decreased to € 44.5 billion, compared with € 45.6 billion at year-end 2021. The Issuer's market 
share also showed a decrease to 10.4% (2021: 11.3%). 
 
Compared to 2021, net profit in 2022 increased by € 29 million to € 191 million (2021: € 162 million). Net profit included 
positive incidental items of € 17 million, consisting of a release of € 23 million before tax of the restructuring provision in 
relation to the agile way of working. In 2021, net profit had also included an incidental item of € 17 million, consisting 
entirely of a positive revaluation of € 22 million before tax of a previous contribution made under the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme in relation to the insolvency of DSB Bank N.V.  
 
Net profit, adjusted for incidental items, increased by € 29 million to € 174 million (+20%). This increase was mainly 
attributable to a combination of € 138 million higher total income (+17%) and € 11 million lower operating expenses (-2%), 
partly offset by a € 110 million swing in impairment charges of financial assets. 
 
The Return on Equity amounted to 5.2%. Excluding incidental items, the adjusted Return on equity stood at 4.7%, up 
compared to 2021 (4.2%), driven by a higher net profit. The cost/income ratio (total operating expenses divided by total 
income) was 67.9%. Adjusted for incidental items, the cost/income ratio was 70.3%, a decrease compared with 2021 
(83.3%) due to both higher total income and lower operating expenses.  
 
The Issuer's CET1 capital ratio decreased to 20.3%, from 22.7% at year-end 2021, primarily due to an increase in RWA. 
CET1 capital decreased by € 81 million, as net profit retention (adjusted for dividend pay-out) was more than offset by a 
€ 157 million decrease of the revaluation reserve.  
 
RWA increased by € 1.3 billion, largely due to the increased short-term exposures to other financial institutions and 
exposures to corporates, used to optimise the return on excess liquidity. Within RWA, a shift was made from a large part 
of additional conservatism applied through the CRR Article 3 add-on to additional conservatism applied in the calculation 
of the AIRB model-based RWA. As a result, the average risk-weighting of our residential mortgage portfolio rose to 16.8% 
(end of 2021: 12.6%). 
 
The pro forma Basel IV fully loaded CET1 capital ratio stood at 20.2% at year-end 2021, almost similar to the CET1 capital 
ratio under current regulations. 
 
The CET1 capital ratio remained above the Issuer's target of at least 19%. The total capital ratio was down from 26.3% 
(at year-end 2021) to 25.5%. 
 
The leverage ratio decreased from 5.1% at year-end 2021 to 4.7%,as a result of the expiration of the ECB’s temporary 
relief measure on 1 April 2022 to exclude certain central bank exposures from the leverage ratio exposure. The 4.7% 
leverage ratio is above the regulatory requirement of 3.0% and the Issuer's target of at least 4.5%. Based on the Issuer's 
capital targets, the amount of capital required to meet the leverage ratio requirement is higher than the amount required 
to meet risk-weighted capital requirements. This is the consequence of the Issuer's focus on residential mortgages, an 
activity with a low-risk weighting. 
 
The Issuer has set a dividend payout target range of 40% - 60% of net profit. In line with this policy, the Issuer proposed 
to pay out a dividend of € 90 million on the 2022 profit. This corresponds to a pay-out ratio of 50% of net profit attributable 
to the shareholder. 
 
Strategic Plan 2021-2025  
On 12 February 2021, the Issuer published a press release on its new strategic plan for the period 2021-2025. The 
strategy is intended as a response to developments such as the increasing demand for digitisation in the Issuer's services, 
intensification of the customer relationship, and the need for cost control and diversification of income in order to alleviate 
the pressure that the sustained low interest rate environment exerts on the Issuer's returns.  
 
The strategy builds on two pillars of growth: customer relationship and social impact: 
 
- 
the strategy aims for growth by strengthening the customer relationship and further increasing the social impact; 
- 
in the new strategy, the Issuer assigns distinctive growth priorities to its four bank brands SNS, ASN Bank, 
RegioBank and BLG Wonen; 
- 
the Issuer will expand its services to SME business owners; 
- 
the Issuer will broaden its range of products and services to become more relevant to customers; and

--- Page 64 ---
- 
the services the Issuer provides through the four bank brands are always personal and nearby with digital 
services and shops. 
 
Part of the strategy is an organisational change: through the implementation of five transformations, the Issuer should 
become faster, more digital and more agile: 
 
- 
the fine-tuned strategy is intended to make the Issuer faster, more digital and more agile; 
- 
the Issuer is implementing a single, uniform agile organisational structure and working method with independent, 
fully responsible (customer) teams; 
- 
this agile organisational structure and working method, will result in a more customer-oriented, and more efficient 
operation, which is expected to reduce the number of jobs within the Issuer; 
- 
new jobs will be created in parallel with this and depending on the growth rate, which means that new employees 
will join the Issuer in the next few years. To this end new employees will be recruited with the knowledge and 
skills required for the new strategy. The Issuer's current employees are given the opportunity to develop in this; 
and 
- 
an executive committee has been formed for a successful implementation of the strategy. 
 
Finally, the Issuer has defined quantitative objectives for 2025 for each of its four stakeholders, customers, society, 
employees and shareholder, as well as minimum capitalisation objectives. 
 
Green Senior-Non Preferred Notes issuances 
On 7 March 2023, the Issuer successfully issued € 500 million of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes have a term of seven (7) years and a coupon of 4.875%. On 23 May 2023, the Issuer successfully issued € 500 
million of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes have a term of four and a half (4.5) years and a 
coupon of 4.625%. These are the Issuer's fourth and fifth issuances of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, following three 
issuances of € 500 million in 2021 and 2022. 
 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)  
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation resulted in the introduction of MREL as a buffer to absorb losses. This buffer applies 
in addition to the capital ratios under the CRD that the Issuer has to adhere to. The MREL is institution-specific and set in 
respect of the Issuer by the SRB. The MREL framework is intended to make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses 
expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability and to be recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. 
The MREL is subject to ongoing regulatory reform and an annual recalibration cycle, and will become more stringent as 
of 1 January 2024. On 5 April 2023, the Dutch National Resolution Authority (NRA) set the current MREL requirement for 
the Issuer at 7.78% of the LRE. The MREL requirement based on RWA amounts to 20.41% and is set at 21.81% as of 1 
January 2024, both excluding the Combined Buffer Requirement. As of 1 January 2024, the MREL requirements based 
on the LRE and on RWA are to be fully met with subordinated instruments, i.e. Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital and senior 
non-preferred notes with a residual contractual maturity of at least one (1) year. As a binding intermediate subordination 
target, at least 6.55% of the LRE has to be met with subordinated instruments as from 1 January 2022. For the Issuer, 
the non-risk-weighted MREL requirements are more restrictive than the risk-weighted MREL requirements. As of 30 June 
2023, the Issuer already meets the MREL subordination requirements that apply from 1 January 2024. The MREL 
requirements will require the Issuer to maintain sufficient subordinated liabilities over time. 
 
Acquisition of Fitrex B.V. 
On 1 September 2021, the Issuer announced the acquisition of 90% if the shares of property valuation platform Fitrex 
B.V. Through the acquisition, the Issuer expands its services with a complementary service in its core activity 'housing', 
thus contributing to income diversification. 
 
Semi-annual results 2023 of the Issuer  
On 11 August 2023, the Issuer published its financial report regarding the 2023 half year ending on 30 June 2023. In this 
interim financial report 2023 the following highlights were included. 
 
In the first half of 2023, the Issuer reported progress in the implementation of its 2021-2025 strategy, aimed at 
strengthening its customer relationships and increasing its positive impact on society. The number of active multi-
customers at ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, RegioBank and SNS combined rose by 39,000 to 1,126,000. The total number of 
customers declined by 11,000, due to the outflow of mono-savings customers following the introduction of a monthly rate 
for basic banking services in 2022. Customer satisfaction scores improved slightly and the climate neutral balance sheet 
improved as well.

--- Page 65 ---
The Issuer's new mortgage production showed a decrease to € 2.2 billion, from € 4.3 billion in the first half of 2022, in a 
shrinking market due to higher interest rates. The Issuer's market share of new residential mortgage production decreased 
to 5.1% (1H22: 5.8%). On a total residential mortgage portfolio basis, the market share remained almost stable at 5.9%. 
 
Mortgage redemptions decreased to € 1.5 billion (1H22: € 2.0 billion), mainly due to the decreasing mortgage refinancing 
volumes. The Issuer managed to grow its mortgage portfolio, excluding IFRS value adjustments, as new mortgage 
production outpaced redemptions. Including IFRS value adjustments, the residential mortgage portfolio increased to € 
46.6 billion (year-end 2022: € 46.2 billion), reflecting € 0.2 billion commercial growth and a € 0.2 billion increase in IFRS 
value adjustments, due to lower interest rates. SME loans grew by € 78 million to € 1,163 million. 
 
Retail savings remained stable at € 44.5 billion, compared with year-end 2022. Market share in retail savings was lower 
at 10.0% (year-end 2022: 10.4%).  
 
Compared with the first half of 2022, net profit increased by € 153 million to € 248 million (+161%). In the first half of 2022 
net profit had included incidental items of € 4 million, consisting of a release of the restructuring provision in relation to the 
agile way of working. Adjusted for incidental items, net profit rose by € 157 million (+173%). Total income was € 272 
million higher (+59%) at € 735 million, driven by 78% higher net interest income, benefitting from rising ECB interest rates, 
and 38% higher net fee and commission income. Total operating expenses increased by € 66 million to € 389 million 
(+20%). Impairment charges of financial assets were € 8 million, € 3 million lower compared with the first half of 2022. 
 
Return on equity more than doubled to 13.6% (first half of 2022: 5.5%). 
 
The cost / income ratio stood at 52.9%, a decrease compared to the first half of 2022 (69.8%), as a result of sharply higher 
total income. 
 
In the first half of 2023, the Issuer’s CET1 capital ratio went up slightly to 20.4%, from 20.3% at year-end 2022, due to an 
increase in CET1 capital, partially offset by an increase in RWA. CET1 capital increased by € 66 million due to net profit 
retention (adjusted for dividend pay-out) and a € 10 million increase in the fair value reserve. RWA increased by € 0.25 
billion, largely related to an increase in RWA related to residential mortgages, partly offset by a decrease in RWA for 
exposures to financial institutions. The CET1 capital ratio remained well above the Issuer’s target of at least 19.0%. The 
total capital ratio was stable at 25.5% (year-end 2022: 25.5%). 
 
The leverage ratio went up to 4.8%, from 4.7% at year-end 2022, due to an increase in CET1 capital. 
 
 
Compensation schemes for customers with a revolving consumer credit and/or a revolving overdraft facility 
On 22 December 2021, the Issuer published a press release regarding a compensation scheme for customers with a 
revolving consumer credit. The Issuer will compensate retail customers of SNS Bank and Regiobank who paid too much 
interest on their revolving consumer credit during the life of this facility. An investigation by the Issuer revealed that 
although the interest charged generally remained in line with market rates, some of its customers paid too much interest. 
The Issuer has worked out the compensation scheme in consultation with the Dutch Consumers' Association 
(Consumentenbond). The Issuer has made a provision for the compensation scheme and costs of executing the scheme 
in the amount of € 15 million. 
 
On 14 September 2022, the Issuer has published a press release regarding the compound interest (‘rente-op-rente'). 
Under the compensation scheme for customers and former customers with a revolving consumer credit, the Issuer will 
also pay compound interest, thus following the recent ruling by the Appeals Board of KiFiD in a case against another 
credit provider. The first group of customers of SNS Bank and RegioBank who may be eligible for compensation have 
been informed as of 15 September 2022. For the expansion of the compensation scheme, the Issuer has made an 
additional provision of € 4 million charged to the result for the second half of 2022, on top of the provision of € 15 million 
made in 2021. 
 
Furthermore, in 2022 the Issuer announced that it will compensate retail customers of SNS and RegioBank on their 
revolving overdraft facilities in accordance to the Kifid ruling on variable interest rates and provisioned € 3 million for this. 
In the coming period the Issuer will work out the compensation scheme for overdraft facilities. 
 
Impact geopolitical situation Ukraine

--- Page 66 ---
In February 2022, in response of the breach of the Ukrainian sovereignty, various sanctions are issued against Russia 
and Belarus. The Issuer does not have direct exposure in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus nor does the Issuer have a material 
indirect exposure to these countries. The economic consequences of the situation in Ukraine on the Issuer are difficult to 
estimate. 
 
Profit Forecast 
On 11 August 2023, the Issuer published its interim financial report 2023 regarding the Issuer’s results for the first half of 
2023, which includes the following profit forecast:  
 
"Taking into account the factors described above, we expect net profit for 2023 to be substantially above that of 2022."  
 
The Issuer expects its net profit for the full year 2023 to be substantially above that of 2022, mainly due to:  
1. 
The expected net interest income that will continue to benefit from the current favourable interest rate 
environment, although this is highly dependent on the ECB interest rate policy; and  
2. 
The expected low level of additional impairment charges on loans and advances in the second half of 2023. 
 
This forecast is comparable with the Issuer’s historical financial information and consistent with its current accounting 
policies. The profit forecast has been prepared on the basis of certain (internal and external) assumptions, including the 
principal assumptions as set out below.  
 
The principal assumptions upon which the Issuer bases its forecast and that the Issuer can influence are as follows:  
(a) factors that influence net interest income: (i) continuation of current pricing strategy on mortgages and (ii) a 
conservative savings rate strategy;  
(b) no significant interruption in operational performance and programme execution;  
(c) continued investments in our IT foundation and projects related to banking regulation and customer integrity; 
and  
(d) no disruption in or change to the development of products.  
 
The principal assumptions upon which the Issuer bases its forecast and that are exclusively outside the influence of the 
Issuer are as follows:  
(a) no worsened general trading conditions, economic conditions or competitive environment which would materially 
affect the Issuer’s business;  
(b) no material change in the ability or willingness of the Issuer's customers to meet their contractual obligations, 
including payment obligations to the Issuer; and  
(c) no changes in the legislative or regulatory environment which could have a material effect on the Issuer.  
 
Notwithstanding the above mentioned press release and the assumptions above, the actual net profit for the full year 2023 
may deviate from expectations stipulated therein. 
 
ECB fine for miscalculating capital needs 
In August 2023, the ECB imposed an administrative penalty of € 4.47 million on the Issuer for miscalculating its risk 
weighted assets for exposures to regional governments outside the EU. These miscalculations concerned the Issuer 
having calculated lower risk weighted assets for such exposures than it should have done from 2014 to 2021. Deficiencies 
in internal controls were deemed to have prevented the bank from timely detecting the mistake. According to the ECB the 
Issuer reported wrongly calculated figures preventing the ECB from having a comprehensive view of the Issuer’s risk 
profile. The administrative penalty has been paid in full and has no significant impact on the Issuer's financial condition.  
 
Legal proceedings 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries are and may become from time-to-time involved in governmental, legal and arbitration 
proceedings that relate to claims by and against it which ensue from its normal business operations. The overview below 
concerns the legal proceedings that may have or have had a significant effect on the Issuer and/or its group's financial 
position or profitability. 
 
Madoff 
In 2010, liquidators of three Madoff-feeder funds (the "Feeder Funds") initiated legal proceedings in New York against, 
amongst others, the custody entity of the Issuer, SNS Global Custody, and its clients as former beneficial owners of 
investments in these funds. They claim repayment of payments made by the Feeder Funds for redemptions of investments 
by these beneficial owners. A similar proceeding was initiated by one of these funds against SNS Global Custody and

--- Page 67 ---
other defendants in the British Virgin Islands (the "BVI"), which proceedings have ended in favour of SNS Global Custody. 
In line with these lawsuits, Bernard Madoff's trustee has also initiated proceedings in New York against, amongst others, 
the Issuer and SNS Global Custody.  
 
 
The status of the aforementioned proceedings in New York (in which many financial institutions worldwide are sued in 
similar proceedings) is as follows:  
 
- 
Fairfield Funds: in April 2019, the New York bankruptcy court dismissed all claims brought by the Fairfield Funds 
liquidators against SNS Global Custody except for claims under the BVI Insolvency Act. The Fairfield Funds 
liquidators have appealed that ruling to the New York district court. In the meantime, the Fairfield Funds 
liquidators have filed an amended complaint against SNS Global Custody in the New York bankruptcy court with 
respect to their BVI Insolvency Act claims. On 14 December 2020 the bankruptcy court issued a decision, in 
favour of SNS Global Custody. Fairfield Funds liquidators have appealed to the district court against the 
bankruptcy court's decision. The district court affirmed on 24 August 2022 the bankruptcy court's dismissal of 
the liquidators' claims in both appeals for the district court. The Liquidators have appealed this decision to the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. 
 
 
 
- 
Madoff Trustee: in November 2016, the New York bankruptcy court issued a decision on a preliminary issue that 
resulted in the dismissal of all claims asserted by the Madoff trustee against the Issuer and SNS Global Custody. 
The Madoff trustee appealed this decision to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, which overturned the 
bankruptcy court's decision in February 2019. A request by a group of defendants, including the Issuer and SNS 
Global Custody, to the United States Supreme Court to hear an appeal of the Second Circuit's decision has been 
declined. The case has been referred back to the bankruptcy court for further proceedings. These proceedings 
have started in the spring 2023 and are expected to be pending in the coming years. 
 
As the outcomes of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it cannot be ruled out that a negative 
outcome may have a material negative financial impact on the capital position, results and/or cash flows of the Issuer. 
 
Harbi Vastgoed B.V. 
The Issuer (as legal successor of RegioBank) is involved in proceedings against non-professional investors who have 
invested in Harbi Vastgoed B.V. (bankrupt in March 2014). A number of investors were also clients of the Issuer 
(RegioBank) who in some cases made their investment by transferring funds from their accounts at the Issuer 
(RegioBank). The Issuer has been held liable by various investors.  
 
A group of investors (family members) has held the Issuer liable for a total amount of approximately € 6.6 million. A class 
action was started by Stichting Van Birgelen Leed, together with two other individual investors, against the Issuer. In the 
proceedings, which are pending before the District Court of Midden-Nederland, a declaration is sought to the effect that 
the Issuer violated its duty of care towards the investors (i.e. no damages are claimed at the moment). In one previous 
individual case, it was ruled that the Issuer acted negligently by transferring funds without consent of the investor, based 
on the specific facts of that case. In another individual case, the claims of the investor were rejected in full. Appeal 
proceedings are currently pending. 
 
Anti-Money Laundering / Wwft 
Since 2020, the Issuer experienced delays in executing an improvement plan relating to customer integrity and its 
gatekeeper responsibility. On 11 August 2023, the Issuer announced that, based on a new supervisory review conducted 
by DNB in 2022, DNB concluded that the Issuer did not adequately identify and assess its risks of money laundering and 
financing of terrorism. The results of identifying and assessing integrity risks are also not up-to-date. DNB assessed that 
the Issuer does not take sufficient account of the risk factors related to the type of customer, product, service, transaction 
and delivery channel and to countries or geographic areas. Therefore, DNB concluded that the Issuer is in violation of the 
Wwft and imposed an instruction on the Issuer to improve its Systematic Integrity Risk Analysis by 1 April 2024. DNB also 
announced its intention to start a procedure to impose an administrative fine. DNB expects that all identified shortcomings 
will be permanently and structurally remediated and captured in a comprehensive remediation plan. It will closely monitor 
the progress in this field and, depending on the progress of the remediation, may decide to proceed with additional 
measures. The Issuer is fully committed to remedy the shortcomings within the timeframe imposed by DNB. 
 
Proceedings following the nationalisation 
 
General

--- Page 68 ---
Various former holders of the in 2013 expropriated securities and capital components have initiated legal proceedings to 
seek compensation for damages. At the time that the 2023 condensed consolidated interim financial statements were 
drawn up and at the date hereof, no court proceedings had (yet) been initiated against the Issuer other than those stated 
below. Currently, it is not possible to make an estimate of the probability that possible legal proceedings of former holders 
or other parties affected by the nationalisation may result in a liability of the Issuer, or the level of the financial impact on 
the Issuer. As the outcomes of possible legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it cannot be ruled out that 
a negative outcome may have a material negative financial impact on the capital position, results and/or cash flows of the 
Issuer. 
 
Inquiry proceedings by Dutch Investors' Association 
In November 2014, the Dutch Investors' Association (Vereniging van Effectenbezitters) filed a petition with the Enterprise 
Chamber for an inquiry into the management of SRH (formerly SNS REAAL), the Issuer and Propertize (formerly SNS 
Property Finance) for the period 2006 – present. SRH, the Issuer and Propertize disputed the authority to file a petition 
for an inquiry. The Enterprise Chamber granted (after remission by the Supreme Court) the request related to SRH and 
the Issuer and rejected the request related to Propertize. On 26 July 2018 the Enterprise Chamber granted an inquiry on 
eight topics into the management and course of events at SRH (formerly SNS REAAL) and the Issuer in the period of 1 
July 2006 until 1 February 2013.The Enterprise Chamber appointed three investigators. Their final report was published 
on 27 July 2021. On 27 September 2021, the Dutch Investors' Association thereupon requested the Enterprise Chamber 
in a subsequent procedure to establish mismanagement (wanbeleid) of SRH and the Issuer in the period of 1 July 2006 
until 1 February 2013. The judgment of the Enterprise Chamber was delivered on 30 November 2022. The Enterprise 
Chamber ruled that there was no mismanagement with regard to SRH and the Issuer. All claims of the Dutch Investors’ 
Association have been rejected. The Enterprise Chamber has ruled that errors were made in some areas. None of the 
parties lodged an appeal in cassation, so the decision of the Enterprise Chamber has force of judgment. 
 
On 14 March 2023 the Dutch Investors’ Association has announced that they will start a liability proceeding ex Article 
3:305(a) of the Dutch Civil Code (class action). This announcement was ‘high-over’ and does not include a specific 
damage amount. The Dutch Investors' Association (Vereniging van Effectenbezitters) has invited SRH and the Issuer to 
have a meeting for an amicable solution, which invite is necessary to start a class action. SRH and the Issuer accepted 
the invitation. The meeting took place on 21 June 2023. Parties made the appointment that the Dutch Investors’ 
Association would make a written proposal for an amicable solution which proposal will be discussed with stakeholders 
of SRH and the Issuer. When parties do not reach an amicable solution before December 2023 a lawsuit will follow at the 
end of 2023, according to the Dutch Investors’ Association. 
 
Guarantees pursuant to Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code for Propertize 
In the context of the transfer of the shares of SNS Property Finance B.V. (currently Propertize) to NLFI in 2013, the Issuer 
has withdrawn the 403-guarantee for Propertize. This withdrawal has become irrevocable for all creditors, with the 
exception of Commerzbank. 
 
Other proceedings relevant to the Issuer 
In addition, there are proceedings to which the Issuer is not a party or in which it is not the direct subject of investigation, 
but the course and results of which may have a material impact on the Issuer's position. 
 
This applies to the compensation proceedings before the Enterprise Chamber initiated by former holders of expropriated 
securities and capital components of SRH and the Issuer. Following initial proceedings leading to a Supreme Court ruling 
on the basic principles for the assessment of the value of the expropriated securities and capital components, the 
Enterprise Chamber has appointed three experts. The experts presented their first report on 27 April 2018. Following 
comments from the parties to the proceedings and a new ruling by the Enterprise Chamber, the experts produced an 
additional report in September 2019 to which parties to the proceedings were entitled to respond until the beginning of 
November 2019 at the latest, after which the experts filed their final report on 21 November 2019 with the Enterprise 
Chamber. The Enterprise Chamber delivered its judgment on 11 February 2021 and ruled that the securities and other 
assets of the Issuer and SRH expropriated on 1 February 2013 (nationalisation date) had a total value of € 804,810,000 
excluding interest. The Dutch State lodged an appeal in cassation at the Supreme Court against this verdict. The Advocate 
General gave advice to the Supreme Court on 8 July 2022 in which the Advocate General advised to maintain the 
judgment of the Enterprise Chamber of 11 February 2021. By judgement of 21 April 2023 the Supreme Court maintained 
the judgment of the Enterprise Chamber. The State has initiated the payout process. There are no indications or legal 
grounds on which the claim will or could be transferred to SRH or the Issuer.

--- Page 69 ---
1.4. SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
 
The Issuer's publicly available financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent auditor's 
report thereon (set forth on pages 146 up to and including 211 (financial statements) and pages 215 up to and including 
223 (independent auditor's report) of its 2021 annual report) and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022 and the independent auditor's report thereon (set forth on pages 185 up to and including 252 (financial statements) 
and pages 257 up to and including 265 (independent auditor's report) of its 2022 annual report) are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. The information contained in this section of the Base Prospectus is derived from the 
publicly available audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021, except for the information marked with an asterisk (*) which has not been directly extracted from the audited 
consolidated financial statements but instead is derived from other parts of the 2022 and/or 2021 annual reports. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 
30 June 2023 are available as well, which can provide an up-to-date addition to the figures in this section. For the Issuer's 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2023, reference is made to section 
1.10 (Documents incorporated by reference), item (c). 
 
Key Figures of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) 
 
(in € millions) 
30-06-2023 
(unaudited) 
31-12-2022 
(audited) 
31-12-2021 
(audited) 
Balance Sheet
Total assets 
73,028 
73,155
72,081 
Loans and advances to customers 
49,419
48,966
50,570
of which residential mortgages
48,467
46,134
47,945
 
 
 
Amounts due to customers
56,590
57,150
58,128
of which savings 
44,507
44,501
45,681
 
 
 
Total equity
3,864 
3,708
3,486 
Total capital* 
3,965 
3,899
3,682 
 
Capital and Funding
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio*  
20.4% 
20.3%
22.7% 
Tier 1 ratio* 
22.3%
22.2%
22.7%
Total capital ratio* 
25.5%
25.5%
26.3%
 
Profit and loss account
 
 
Net interest income
662
851
775
 
 
 
Net fee and commission income
33
51
39
Other income
40
63
13
 
 
 
Net result for the period
248
191
162
(-) Incidental items*
0
17
17
Adjusted net result for the period* 
248 
174
145 
 
Other Key Figures
 
 
Branches in numbers* 
6405 
647
667 
Employees in numbers (fte’s, ultimo)* 
3,262 
3,123
3,178 
 
 
 
5 The number of branches at reference date 30-06-2023 is an approximation.

--- Page 70 ---
Capitalisation of the Issuer 
 
The following table sets forth the remaining contractual maturity and liabilities and sets forth shareholders' equity of the 
Issuer on a consolidated basis: 
 
(in € millions) 
 
31-12-2022 
(audited)
31-12-2021 
(audited)
Short-term debt (remaining terms to maturity up to and including 
five (5) years) 
 
- Savings 
43,255
44,375
- Other amounts due to customers 
 
11,067
10,466
- Derivatives
685
531
- Debt certificates
4,116
3,091
- Amounts due to banks 
 
959
1,004
- Subordinated debts
500
500
- Other liabilities, tax liabilities and provisions
429
424
Total short-term debt 
 
61,011
60,391
Long-term debt (remaining terms to maturity over five (5) years) 
 
- Savings
1,246
1,305
- Other amounts due to customers
1,582
1,981
- Derivatives 
 
239
482
- Debt certificates
3,428
4,311
- Amounts due to banks
1,846
55
- Other liabilities, tax liabilities and provisions6 
 
95
70
Total long-term debt
8,436
8,204
 
Total of short-term and long-term debt 
30-06-2023 
(unaudited)
31-12-2022
(audited)
31-12-2021
(audited)
- Savings
44,507
44,501
45,680
- Other amounts due to customers 
12,083 
12,649
12,447
- Derivatives 
951
924
1,013
- Debt certificates
8,019
7,544
7,402
- Amounts due to banks 
2,669 
2,805
1,059
- Subordinated debts
504
500
500
- Other liabilities, tax liabilities and provisions 
  
431 
524
494
Total liabilities
69,164
69,447
68,595
 
Share Capital7 
381 
381 
381 
Share premium reserve 
3,537 
3,537 
3,537 
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve 
16 
17 
19 
Fair Value reserve 
-136 
-146 
11 
Other Reserves  
-480 
-570 
-624 
Net Result for the period  
248 
191 
162 
AT1 capital securities 
298 
298 
- 
Shareholders' equity 
3,864 
3,708 
3,486 
 
 
 
 
Total equity and liabilities 
73,028 
73,155 
72,081 
 
 
6 Long-term debt Other liabilities includes liabilities for which the contractual maturity was not determined of € 83 million (2021 € 70 
million). 
7 The issued and paid-up share capital consists of 840,008 shares with a nominal value of € 453.79 each.

--- Page 71 ---
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
 
Independent Auditor 
The financial statements of the Issuer for 2022 and 2021 have been audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP. The 
independent auditor has provided an unqualified independent auditor's report on the financial statements for each of these 
years. 
 
Financial statements  
The 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code and the 2022 and 2021 company financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The 2023 condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer 
have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting.

--- Page 72 ---
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
(In € millions) 
30-06-2023 
(unaudited)
31-12-2022 
(audited)
31-12-2021 
(audited)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 
10,291 
8,011 
10,305 
Derivatives
3,118
3,302
591
Investments
5,916
5,591
5,638
Loans and advances to banks 
3,872 
6,884 
4,527 
Loans and advances to customers
49,419
48,966
50,570
Tangible and Intangible assets
85
85
93
Tax assets 
63 
67 
39 
Other assets
264
249
318
Total assets 
73,028 
73,155 
72,081 
Equity and liabilities
Derivatives 
951 
924 
1,013 
Amounts due to banks
2,669
2,805
1,059
Savings
44,507
44,501
45,681
Other amounts due to customers 
12,083 
12,649 
12,447 
Debt certificates
8,019
7,544
7,402
Subordinated debts
504
500
500
Provisions 
56 
66 
102 
Tax liabilities
41
6
9
Other liabilities
334
452
382
Total liabilities 
69,164 
69,447 
68,595 
Share capital 
381 
381 
381 
Reserves
2,937
2,838
2,943
Net Results for the period 
248
191
162
AT1 capital securities 
298 
298 
- 
Total equity
3,864
3,708
3,486
Total equity and liabilities
73,028
73,155
72,081
 
Condensed consolidated income statement 
 
(amounts in millions of EUR) 
1st half 2022 
1st half 2021 
31-12-2022 
31-12-2021 
 
(Unaudited) 
(Unaudited) 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
Income 
 
 
 
 
Interest income 
924 
509 
1,128 
1,043 
Interest expense 
262 
137 
277 
268 
Net interest income 
662 
372 
851 
775 
 
 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
84 
75 
154 
137 
Fee and commission expense 
51 
51 
103 
98 
Net fee and commission income 
33 
24 
51 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment income 
-5 
-2 
-8 
3 
Other result on financial instruments 
44 
69 
70 
10 
Other operating income 
1 
-- 
1 
-- 
Total income 
735 
463 
965 
827

--- Page 73 ---
Expenses
 
 
 
 
Staff costs 
234 
195 
383 
414 
Depreciation 
and 
amortisation 
of 
tangible and intangible assets
11 
10 
22 
20 
Other operating expenses 
144 
118 
250 
233 
Impairment charges of financial assets
8
11
52
(58)
Total expenses 
397 
334 
707 
609 
Result before taxation
338
129
258
218
Taxation
90
34
67
56
Net result for the period 
248 
95 
191 
162 
Attributable to: the shareholder of the 
parent company 
248 
95 
191 
162 
 
Condensed consolidated cash-flow statement 
 
(amounts in millions of EUR)
1st half 2023
1st half 2022
31-12-2022
31-12-2021
 
(Unaudited) 
(Unaudited) 
(Audited) 
(Audited) 
Cashflow from operating activities
Result before taxation
338
129
258
218
Adjustments for: 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation of tangible and 
intangible assets and right-of-use assets
11 
10 
21 
23 
Impairment charges and reversals 
8 
11 
52 
-58 
Other adjustments (Changes in other 
provisions and deferred tax, unrealised results 
on investments through profit and loss and tax 
paid)
-- 
-- 
29 
170 
 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
Change in advances to customers
 
 
-453
 
 
1,207
 
 
1,761
 
 
-185
Change in liabilities to customers
-566
496
167
941
Change in derivatives assets 
184 
-2,248 
-2,711 
273 
Change in derivatives liabilities
27
24
-89
-1,150
Change in advances to banks
3,012
-2,917
-2,357
1,463
Change in liabilities to banks 
-136 
1,652 
1,746 
114 
Change in savings
6
98
-1,145
3,535
Change in trading portfolio
--
--
-1
--
Change in other operating activities 
-230 
144 
480 
-41 
Net cashflow from operating activities
2,201
-1,394
-2,019
5,308
 
 
 
 
 
Net cashflow from investment activities
-287
-208
-611
-680
 
Net cashflow from financing activities 
 
366 
408 
336 
1,005 
Of which proceeds from AT1 capital securities 
 
-- 
298 
-- 
-- 
Net changes of cash and cash equivalents 
 
2,280 
-1,194 
-2,294 
5,633 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 
 
8,011 
10,305 
10,305 
4,672 
Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
2,280 
-1,194 
-2,294 
5,633 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 30 June / 31 
December
 
10,291 
9,111 
8,011 
10,305

--- Page 74 ---
Capitalisation 
 
(in € millions) 
30-06-2023 
(unaudited) 
31-12-2022 
(audited) 
31-12-2021 
(audited) 
Capital instruments 
381 
381 
381 
Share premium 
3,537 
3,537 
3,537 
Retained earnings 
248 
191 
162 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) 
-120 
-129 
30 
Other reserves 
-480 
-570 
-624 
AT1 capital securities 
298 
298 
- 
Total equity  
3,864 
3,708 
3,486 
Non-eligible interim profits* 
-248 
-153 
-124 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
-298 
-298 
- 
Shareholders' equity for CRD IV purposes* 
3,318 
3,257 
3,362 
Cashflow hedge reserve  
-16 
-17 
-19 
Other prudential adjustments* 
-5 
-5 
-3 
Total prudential filters* 
-21 
-22 
-22 
Intangible assets 
-6 
-6 
-6 
IRB shortfall1* 
-109 
-57 
-74 
Additional deductions of CET1 Capital due to Article 3 CRR* 
-15 
-71 
-78 
Total capital deductions* 
-130 
-134 
-158 
Total regulatory adjustments to shareholders' equity* 
-151 
-156 
-180 
CRD IV CET 1 capital* 
3,167 
3,101 
3,182 
Additional Tier 1 capital* 
298 
298 
- 
Tier 1 capital* 
3,465 
3,399 
3,182 
Eligible Tier 2* 
500 
500 
500 
IRB Excess1* 
- 
- 
- 
Tier 2 capital*  
500 
500 
500 
Total capital*  
3,965 
3,899 
3,682] 
 
1 The IRB shortfall/excess is the difference between the expected loss under the CRR/CRD IV directives and IFRS retail 
mortgage provision.

--- Page 75 ---
1.5. FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note), without receipts, 
interest coupons or talons, which, if it is not intended to be issued in NGN-form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
will either (i) be delivered to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearing systems or (ii) be deposited with Euroclear Nederland and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN-form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note and subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions, payments of 
principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date will be made against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are 
not United States persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by United 
States Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) 
has or have given a like certification (based on the certifications it has or they have received) to the Agent. Any reference 
in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearing and/or settlement system(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN-form are in compliance with the standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations' of the Eurosystem, provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN-form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN-
form is used. Recognition as eligible collateral will also depend on satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
 
On and after the Exchange Date which is not less than forty (40) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date on 
which the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) 
upon request as described therein, either for interests in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, interest coupons or 
talons, or for Definitive Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the Notes are subject to TEFRA 
D selling restrictions) against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due 
on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Agent shall arrange that, where a Temporary Global Note representing a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the ISIN and common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the 
minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of € 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof) that are not integral multiples of € 100,000 
(or the equivalent thereof). So long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradeable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of € 100,000 increased with integral multiples of € 1,000, notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes will be 
issued with a denomination over € 199,000. Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. Definitive Notes and 
Global Notes will be bearer. 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through the relevant clearing 
system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of any 
Paying Agent without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Global Note (other than a Permanent Global Note 
deposited with Euroclear Nederland) will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for security printed Definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange may be made only upon the 
occurrence of any Exchange Event. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES) of the Terms and Conditions upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in item (i) of the definition, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in the Global Note, may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the

--- Page 76 ---
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in item (ii) of the definition, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than fifteen (15) days after the date of receipt 
of the relevant notice by the Agent.  
 
Global Notes and Definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. At the date hereof, neither Euroclear 
nor Clearstream, Luxembourg regard Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form. Delivery (uitlevering) 
of definitive Notes represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland shall only be possible in the limited 
circumstances as described in the Wge (as amended from time to time) and such delivery will be made in accordance 
with the Wge and the rules and regulations of Euroclear Nederland (as amended from time to time).  
 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes, Definitive Notes, Receipts and interest Coupons (including Talons) 
which are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions:  
 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) and 1287(a) 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986." 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland as the case may be. 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned 
a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of 
the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes held in Euroclear Nederland: 
 
"NOTICE: THIS NOTE IS ISSUED FOR TEMPORARY DEPOSIT WITH EUROCLEAR NEDERLAND AT AMSTERDAM, 
THE NETHERLANDS. ANY PERSON BEING OFFERED THIS NOTE FOR TRANSFER OR ANY OTHER PURPOSE 
SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEFT OR FRAUD IS ALMOST CERTAIN TO BE INVOLVED." 
 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition(c)12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and a holder of such Note so 
represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) gives notice 
that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of fifteen (15) days from the giving of such notice payment 
has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing 
system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note. In the case of a 
Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the Wge 
(as amended from time to time).

--- Page 77 ---
1.6. USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
General  
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, if so required pursuant to applicable law. 
 
Green Bonds 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the 
use of proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of an Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio, in accordance with certain prescribed Eligibility Criteria as in such case shall be set out in item 42 (Use of 
Proceeds) of the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer sees the issuance of green bonds as an effective tool to make a 
positive contribution to the climate, its emission reduction targets and achieving the Sustainable Development Goals of 
the United Nations (also see 'The Issuer' - 'The Issuer and ESG' for more information on the ESG business, strategy and 
objectives of the Issuer). 
 
De Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, available at https://static.devolksbank.nl/files/Green-Bond-Framework-de-
Volksbank-2023.pdf?v=1696571330, is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus however, the 
information included below under 'Eligibility criteria', 'Process for evaluation and selection', 'Management of proceeds' and 
'Allocation and impact reporting' is derived from the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework. De Volksbank's Green Bond 
Framework follows the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021. In connection with the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, 
the Issuer has appointed ISS Corporate Solutions ("ICS") to provide and ICS has provided, a Second Party Opinion. 
According to the Second Party Opinion, de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework is aligned with the four core components 
of the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, as reflected in the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework and the Issuer’s 
project characteristics, due diligence processes and policies for the ‘Green building’ project category are aligned with the 
EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act to the extent it concerns the ‘Climate Change Mitigation Criteria, the ‘Do Not 
Significant Harm Criteria ("DNSH") for Circular Economy’, but not with the DNSH for Climate Change Adaptation and 
Pollution Prevention and Control. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Green Bonds issued under 
the Programme (also see the risk factor 'A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in accordance 
with the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework and/or criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any 
failure to meet the investment requirements of investors may affect the suitability and/or value and/or trading price of such 
Green Bonds'). Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any Dealer make any representation as to the suitability for any 
purpose of the Second Party Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental and sustainability 
criteria. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of 
any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
 
The de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without taking into account specific interests 
of Noteholders and without the consent, approval or prior notification of Noteholders, also after the issuance of Green 
Bonds, inter alia, to align the framework with incoming green bond regulation and guidelines. If any amendment to de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework would constitute a 'significant new factor' with respect to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus, de Volksbank will supplement this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. If the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework has been amended or updated, the allocation of proceeds of 
any Green Bonds that are outstanding at the date of such amendment to de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, if so 
specified in such amended or updated Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, may be different from the allocation of 
proceeds as was described in the version of de Green Bond Framework that was in force at the date of issuance of those 
Green Bonds.  
 
Eligibility Criteria 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in part or in whole, an Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio meeting certain prescribed eligibility criteria. In order to qualify for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, the assets 
are required to meet one of the below current Eligibility Criteria of the Issuer, as further described in de Volksbank's Green 
Bond Framework:

--- Page 78 ---
I. 
Green buildings 
 
1. 
New or existing residential buildings in the Netherlands built prior to 31 December 2020 with at least an Energy 
Performance Certificate (EPC) label "A";  
 
2. 
New or existing residential buildings in the Netherlands built prior to 31 December 2020 belonging to the top 
15% of the Dutch building stock based on Primary Energy Demand (PED)8; 
 
3. 
New or existing residential buildings in the Netherlands built as of 1 January 2021 with a Primary Energy Demand 
at least 10% lower than the threshold for Nearly Zero-Energy Buildings ("NZEB") in the Dutch market9;  
 
4. 
New or existing residential buildings in the Netherlands that have been renovated, resulting in a reduction of 
Primary Energy Demand of at least 30%; or 
 
5. 
New or existing residential buildings in the Netherlands that have been renovated meeting the criteria for major 
renovation.10 
 
II. 
Renewable energy 
The production, development, construction, operation, acquisition and products of renewable energy, as well as 
the connection of renewable energy production units to the electricity grid, the transportation through the network 
and the manufacturing of the technology. Renewable energy sources can include: 
 
- 
on and offshore wind energy 
- 
solar energy 
- 
tidal energy 
 
(each investment, expenditure and/or loan that is used to finance any of the assets listed under ‘Green buildings’ 
and ‘Renewable energy’ above, an "Eligible Green Loan" and each portfolio of Eligible Green Loans, an 
"Eligible Green Loan Portfolio"). 
 
Process for evaluation and selection 
The Issuer ensures, on a best-efforts basis, that loans comply with official national, supranational and international 
environmental and social standards, laws and regulations. It is also part of the Issuer's transaction approval process to 
ensure that loans comply with the Issuer's sustainability policy, including those financed with the proceeds of the Green 
Bonds. Projects as proposed by various business areas of the Issuer are evaluated and selected by the Issuer's Social 
Impact Committee (SIC), based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria. 
 
The definition of the Eligibility Criteria takes into account the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act adopted in June 2021 with the intention to apply them on a best-efforts basis as long as there are feasible 
practical applications in the geographies where the assets are located. 
 
Management of proceeds  
The proceeds of the Green Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. The Issuer will strive, over time, 
to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds 
from its outstanding Green Bonds. Additional Eligible Green Loans will be added to the Issuer's Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio to the extent required. 
 
In the event of unallocated net proceeds of the Green Bonds, or in case of an insufficient Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, 
the Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, the balance of net proceeds not allocated to the Eligible Green 
 
8 Refer to our Green Buildings Methodology Assessment document available on the Issuer's website. 
9 The Dutch version of NZEB is called BENG. In accordance with the EU Taxonomy recommendation, the net primary energy demand 
of new constructions (built as of the 1st of January 2021) must be at least 10% lower than the primary energy demand resulting from the 
relevant BENG requirements. 
10 As set in the applicable national and regional building regulations for ‘major renovation’ implementing Directive 2010/31/EU. The 
energy performance of the building or the renovated part that is upgraded meets cost-optimal minimum energy performance requirements 
in accordance with the respective directive.

--- Page 79 ---
Loan Portfolio in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments or any other treasury 
activity, with the intention to limit the period of such unallocated proceeds. In such case, the Green Bonds will continue to 
qualify as Green Bonds under de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework. Potential investors should make their own 
assessment about making any investment decision with respect to the Green Bonds. The Issuer's Social Impact 
Committee will review and approve allocations of bond proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio on, at least, an 
annual basis. 
 
Reporting 
The Issuer will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of net proceeds of the outstanding Green 
Bonds issued to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio annually, at least until full allocation. The Issuer will report the allocation 
of the proceeds of the Green Bonds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio at least at each eligible project category level 
(such as ‘Green buildings’ and ‘Renewable energy’) and on an aggregated basis for all of the Issuer's outstanding Green 
Bonds. Such allocation report will report on, on a best efforts basis, the (i) size of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio per 
eligible project category (ii) total amount of proceeds allocated to Eligible Green Loans per category, (iii) number of Eligible 
Green Loans, (iv) balance of unallocated proceeds, (v) amount or the percentage of new financing and refinancing and 
(vi) proportion of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that is EU Taxonomy Regulation eligible and/or aligned. The reporting 
on 
the 
allocation 
of 
net 
proceeds 
of 
the 
Green 
Bonds 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/green-bonds). 
 
The Issuer aims to provide an annual non-financial impact report on climate impact associated to the Eligible Project 
Categories of the Eligible Green Loans. Impact reporting information will be presented in accordance with the ICMA 
Handbook template for impact reporting in accordance with the portfolio approach: "Harmonized Framework for Impact 
Reporting 
(June 
2022)". 
The 
environmental 
impact 
reporting 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/green-bonds).  
 
The envisaged impact of the issue of a Green Bond is a reduction and/or avoidance of CO2 emissions as a result of a 
lower degree of carbon intensity of the assets which are the subject of the investments, expenditures or loans included in 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio versus the baseline in the Netherlands. The way in which the reduced and/or avoided 
CO2 equivalent emissions will be calculated will be outlined in post-issuance reporting documents. 
 
The Issuer intends to align the reporting with the most up to date methodology proposed by Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials. 
 
Verification 
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, starting one (1) year after issuance and until full allocation of the outstanding 
Green Bond, a limited assurance report of the allocation of the proceeds of the outstanding Green Bonds to Eligible Green 
Loan Projects, provided by its external auditor. The limited assurance report will be included as part of the allocation report 
which is available on the Issuer's website (https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/green-bonds).  
 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-
relations/green-bonds, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
1.7. TAXATION  
  
TAX WARNING 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes, Coupons or Receipts should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp 
taxes or other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, 
or profits realized in respect of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, 
in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts, or in other jurisdictions in 
which the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts.  
 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts and consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be 
aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, 
with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will 
apply at any given time. 
 
Taxation in the Netherlands 
 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or 
consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar 
arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, it should be treated with corresponding 
caution.  
 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published authoritative 
case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Where 
the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in 
Europe. In addition, the summary is based on the assumption that the Notes, Coupons or Receipts issued by the Issuer 
do not qualify as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes.  
 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not tax advice or a complete description of all tax 
consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts. Noteholders, 
Couponholders, Receiptholders or prospective Noteholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders should consult with their 
own tax advisors with regard to the tax consequences of investing in the Notes, Coupons or Receipts in light of their 
particular circumstances. 
 
Withholding tax 
 
All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts to holders of Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts may be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except 
that Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25.8% (rate for 2023) may apply with respect to payments of interest made or 
deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Issuer, if the interest payments are made or deemed to be made to an entity 
related (gelieerd) to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021; Wet bronbelasting 2021) (see 
below), if such related entity: 
 
(i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on 
low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-
coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed Jurisdiction"); or  
(ii) has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payment is attributable; or  
(iii) is entitled to the interest payment for the main purpose or one of the main purposes of avoiding taxation for 
another person or entity and there is an artificial arrangement or transaction or a series of artificial arrangements 
or transactions; or  
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch); or 
(v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch); or

--- Page 81 ---
(vi) is a reverse hybrid (within the meaning of Article 2(12) of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act; Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969), if and to the extent (x) there is a participant in the reverse hybrid holding a 
Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid, (y) the jurisdiction of residence of the participant holding the Qualifying 
Interest in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as transparent for tax purposes and (z) such participant 
would have been subject to Dutch withholding tax in respect of the payments of interest without the interposition 
of the reverse hybrid,  
 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
 
Related entity 
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered an entity related to the Issuer if: 
(i) 
such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in the Issuer;  
(ii) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or  
(iii) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and such entity.  
 
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a direct or indirectly held interest – either by an entity individually or jointly if an 
entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that enables such entity or such collaborating group to 
exercise a definite influence over another entity's decisions and allows it to determine the other entity's activities (within 
the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment (vrijheid van 
vestiging)). 
 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
 
Please note that the summary in this section does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for: 
  
(i) 
holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts if such holders have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or 
deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally speaking, a holder of securities in a company is considered to hold a 
substantial interest in such company, if such holder, alone or, in case of individuals, together with such holder's 
partner or any relatives by blood or marriage in the direct line (including foster children) (as defined in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5% or more of the total issued and outstanding 
capital of that company or of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of that 
company; or (ii) holds rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) holds certain profit sharing 
rights in that company that relate to 5% or more of the company's annual profits and/or to 5% or more of the 
company's liquidation proceeds. A deemed substantial interest may arise if a substantial interest (or part thereof) 
in a company has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
 
(ii) pension funds, investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen), tax exempt investment institutions 
(vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) (each as defined in the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969; Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and other entities that are, in whole or in part, not subject to or exempt from Dutch 
corporate income tax; and 
 
(iii) holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts who are individuals for whom the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or any 
benefit derived from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are a remuneration or deemed to be a remuneration for 
activities performed by such holders or certain individuals related to such holders (as defined in the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001). 
 
Dutch Resident Entities 
 
Generally, if the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be resident of the 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes (a "Dutch Resident Entity"), any income derived or deemed to be 
derived from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or any capital gains realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the 
Notes, Coupons or Receipts is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at a rate of 19% with respect to taxable profits up 
to € 200,000 and 25.8% with respect to taxable profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2023).

--- Page 82 ---
Dutch Resident Individuals 
 
If a holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is an individual resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes (a "Dutch Resident Individual"), any income derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts or any capital gains realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
is taxable at the progressive income tax rates (with a maximum of 49.50% in 2023), if: 
 
(i) 
the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are attributable to an enterprise from which the holder of Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts derives a share of the profit, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or as a person who has a co-
entitlement to the net worth (medegerechtigd tot het vermogen) of such enterprise, without being a shareholder 
(as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001); or 
 
(ii) the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is considered to perform activities with respect to the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) or otherwise derives 
benefits from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities (resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden). 
 
 
Taxation of savings and investments 
 
If the above-mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the Dutch Resident Individual, the Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
will be subject to an annual Dutch income tax under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en 
beleggen). Taxation only occurs insofar the Dutch Resident Individual's net investment assets for the year exceed a 
statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The net investment assets for the year are the fair market value of the 
investment assets less the fair market value of the liabilities on January 1 of the relevant calendar year (reference date; 
peildatum). Actual income or capital gains realized in respect of the Notes are as such not subject to Dutch income tax. 
 
The Dutch Resident Individual's assets and liabilities taxed under this regime, including the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, 
are allocated over the following three categories: (a) bank savings (banktegoeden), (b) other investments (overige 
bezittingen), including the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, and (c) liabilities (schulden). The taxable benefit for the year 
(voordeel uit sparen en beleggen) is equal to the product of (x) the total deemed return divided by the sum of bank savings, 
other investments and liabilities and (b) the sum of bank savings, other investments and liabilities minus the statutory 
threshold, and is taxed at a flat rate of 32% (rate for 2023). 
 
The deemed return applicable to other investments, including the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, is set at 6.17% for the 
calendar year 2023. Transactions in the three-month period before and after 1 January of the relevant calendar year 
implemented to arbitrate between the deemed return percentages applicable to bank savings, other investments and 
liabilities will for this purpose be ignored if the holder of Notes cannot sufficiently demonstrate that such transactions are 
implemented for other than tax reasons. 
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
 
A holder of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that is neither a Dutch Resident Entity nor a Dutch Resident Individual will 
not be subject to Dutch (corporate) income tax in respect of income derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts or in respect of capital gains realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts, provided that: 
 
(i) 
such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969, as applicable) which, in whole or in part, is either 
effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, a deemed permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise 
the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are attributable; and 
 
(ii) in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in the Netherlands with 
respect to the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not otherwise 
derive benefits from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities 
in the Netherlands.

--- Page 83 ---
Gift and inheritance taxes 
 
Residents of the Netherlands 
 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts by way 
of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, Coupons or Receipts who is resident or deemed resident of the 
Netherlands at the time of the gift or such holder's death. 
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts by 
way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, Coupons or Receipts who is neither resident nor deemed to 
be resident of the Netherlands, unless: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a gift of a Note, Coupon or Receipt by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither 
resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within one hundred and 
eighty (180) days after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a gift of a Note, Coupon or Receipt is made under a condition precedent, the holder of 
the Notes, Coupons or Receipts is resident or is deemed to be resident of the Netherlands at the time 
the condition is fulfilled; or 
 
(iii) 
the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at 
the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be a resident in the Netherlands. 
 
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance taxes, amongst others, a person that holds the Dutch nationality will be deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the ten (10) years 
preceding the date of the gift or such person's death. Additionally, for purposes of Dutch gift tax, amongst others, a person 
not holding the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the 
Netherlands at any time during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override 
deemed residency. 
 
Value added tax (VAT) 
 
No Dutch VAT will be payable by the holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts on (i) any payment in consideration for the 
issue of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts. 
 
Other taxes and duties 
 
No Dutch documentation taxes (commonly referred to as stamp duties) will be payable by the holders of Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by the 
Issuer under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts. 
 
Residency 
 
A holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts will not become, and will not be deemed to be, resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch tax purposes by reason only of the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts.

--- Page 84 ---
1.8. SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
 
 
The Dealers have in the Dealership Agreement agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters set out in section 0 (Form of the 
Notes) and in section 2.1 (Terms and Conditions). In the Dealership Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme. 
 
General 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a)  the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
  
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year: 
1. 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
2. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 85 ---
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to communicate, 
any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not, or in the case of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
 
United States of America 
(1) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, United States persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that except as permitted in the Dealership Agreement it, its affiliates (as defined 
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) or any person acting on its or their behalf has offered and sold any Notes, 
and will offer and sell any Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days 
after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part (the 
"distribution compliance period"), as determined and notified as provided below. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has further represented and agreed that it, its affiliates and any person acting on its or their behalf have not 
engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer who has 
subscribed for Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes issued to or through 
more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche subscribed for by or through it or, 
in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Agent the 
completion of the distribution by it of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or notifications, 
the Agent will notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to 
such Tranche. Each Dealer has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to 
each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
 
'The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, United States persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and notified by the Agent to the [name of 
the relevant Dealer], except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them in Regulation S.' 
 
Terms used in this subclause 1 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
(2) 
In addition (but only in relation to Notes with an initial maturity in excess of three hundred and sixty-five (365) 
days that are treated as issued in bearer form for United States federal income tax purposes):

--- Page 86 ---
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under United States Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), 
each Dealer (a) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it 
will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, and (b) represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during 
the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in 
selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, 
it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf. 
 
Terms used in this paragraph 1(2) have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
 
where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Each Dealer understands that under United States Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), Notes in 
bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions in connection 
with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, the Dealer 
has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either the 
Dealer or the prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve a United 
States office of the Dealer in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer form. Terms used in this paragraph 1(2) have 
the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including 
the C Rules. 
 
(3) 
Each issue of Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to any additional United States selling restrictions specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Each relevant Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in 
compliance with such additional United States selling restrictions. 
 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 25 
of 1948, as amended from time to time, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to a resident of Japan except under circumstances which will result in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, 
regulations and guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in 
definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through 
the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more 
markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act 
(Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended from time to time) and its implementing regulations.  
 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Global 
Note; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals who do 
not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form

--- Page 87 ---
to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into 
the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into 
the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter.  
 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer 
of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
 
Compliance with Securities Laws and Regulations 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by 
it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers or deliveries and the Issuer shall not have any responsibility therefore. Neither the Issuer nor any of the 
Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale. With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any other additional 
restrictions specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
1.9. GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme from time to time have been duly authorised 
by the resolutions of the Executive Board dated 12 October 2023. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders 
of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under Dutch law have been or will be obtained for the issue of Notes 
and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Dealership Agreement, Agency Agreement and the 
relevant Notes. 
 
Significant or material adverse change 
Up to the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022, which is the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
 
Up to the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position and the financial 
performance of the Issuer and/or the de Volksbank Group since 30 June 2023, which is the end of the last financial period 
for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Legal proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), other than as described in section Error! Reference source not found. (The 
Issuer) of this Base Prospectus in the paragraph 'Legal proceedings', in the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or the de Volksbank 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
 
Listing 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange during the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus. Notice of any terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to the Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, with respect to 
such Notes to be listed on Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or 
before the date of issue. Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on any other stock exchange specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or be unlisted.  
 
Independent auditor 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is the independent auditor of de Volksbank N.V. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is 
registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Rotterdam in the Netherlands under number 24432944. The 
registeraccountants of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie 
van Accountants - the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). The Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants is the professional body for accountants in the Netherlands.  
 
Documents Available  
For the period of twelve (12) months following the approval by the AFM of this Base Prospectus, copies of the documents 
listed below will, when published, be available free of charge, (i) from the specified offices of the Paying Agents and at 
the office of the Issuer at Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ, Utrecht, the Netherlands and (ii) on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.devolksbank.nl. 
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
www.devolksbank.nl, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
 
(i) 
The Dutch language version and an English translation of the most recent articles of association of the Issuer.  
(ii) 
The audited annual reports of the Issuer for the two (2) most recent financial years and the unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2023 of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
The Dealership Agreement and the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, 
the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons).  
(iv) 
A copy of this Base Prospectus. 
(v) 
Any future prospectuses, offering circulars, supplementary listing particulars, information memoranda, 
supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
(vi) 
The applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 89 ---
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common 
code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and any other relevant security 
code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Clearing systems addresses 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard de Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
 
Ratings of the Notes 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the ratings assigned to other Notes or classes of Notes that may be issued under the Programme and will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings in relation to certain 
Notes are described in section Error! Reference source not found. (The Issuer) under 'Rating Agencies'. 
 
Ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer a section Error! Reference source not found. (The Issuer) under 'Rating Agencies'. 
 
CRA Regulation 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch, S&P and Moody's are established in the EU and each of them is registered 
under the CRA Regulation. Each credit rating applied for in relation to a certain Series or Tranche of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation or established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation which will in each case be disclosed clearly and prominently in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any 
such reference rate may constitute a benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that an 
administrator and/or a benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administers and benchmarks at the date of 
the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator or benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 90 ---
1.10. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been approved by the AFM or filed with it shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus:  
  
(a) 
The Issuer’s publicly available financial statements and independent auditor’s report for the year ended 31 
December 2022 (set forth on pages 186 up to and including 252 (financial statements) and pages 257 up to and 
including 264 (independent auditor’s report) of its 2022 integrated annual report (English translation)) and the press 
release published by the Issuer on 10 February 2023 regarding the Issuer’s publicly available financial statements 
and independent auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2022, which can be respectively obtained from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/De-Volksbank-
Integrated-Annual-Report-2022.pdf 
and 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/Persbericht-
Resultaten-2022.pdf; 
 
(b) 
The Issuer's publicly available financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the independent 
auditor's report thereon (set forth on pages 145 up to and including 210 (financial statements) and pages 215 up 
to and including 223 (independent auditor's report) of its 2021 annual report (English translation)), which can also 
be obtained from: https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-N.V.-Annual-Report-20 
21.pdf; 
 
(c) 
The Issuer's publicly available condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 
2023 and the independent auditor's review report thereon (set forth on pages 36 to 51 (interim financial statements) 
and page 52 to 53 (independent auditor's review report) of its interim financial report first half of 2023 (English 
translation)) and the press release published by the Issuer on 11 August 2023 regarding the Issuer’s results for 
the 
first 
half 
of 
2023, 
which 
can 
be 
respectively 
obtained 
from: 
https://newsroom.devolksbank.nl/download/c456affa-b6ba-4d2d-86cb-
7c45c5a47ee8/interimfinancialreport2023.pdf and https://newsroom.devolksbank.nl/download/1070599d-4824-
4390-9266-650198752b0c/pressrelease-1h23results.pdf;  
 
(d) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 91 up to and including 140 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 14 October 2022 (the "2022 Terms and Conditions"), which can also be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Debt-informatie/Unsecured-
funding/Euro-MTN/Documentation/DIP-Base-Prospectus-14-October-2022.pdf; 
 
(e) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 109 up to and including 167 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 14 October 2021 (the "2021 Terms and Conditions"), which can also be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Debt-informatie/Unsecured-
funding/Euro-MTN/Documentation/Base-Prospectus-14-October-2021.pdf; 
 
(f) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 103 up to and including 160 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 15 October 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions"), which can also be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Debt-informatie/Unsecured-
funding/Euro-MTN/Documentation/Base-Prospectus-15-October-2020.pdf; 
 
(g) 
The Issuer's articles of association as per the date of approval of this Base Prospectus (in the original Dutch 
language 
version 
as 
well 
as 
in 
English 
translation), 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Statuten-de-Volksbank-N.V.pdf 
and 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Articles-of-Association-of-de-Volksbank-N.V.PDF; 
 
(h) 
The responsibility statement in respect of the consolidated and company financial statements of the Issuer issued 
by the Board of Directors as set forth on page 182 of the Issuer’s 2022 integrated annual report (English 
translation), 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-
Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/De-Volksbank-Integrated-Annual-Report-2022.pdf;

--- Page 91 ---
(i) 
Chapter 3 (Risk Management) set forth on pages 101 up to and including 183 of the Issuer’s 2022 integrated 
annual 
report 
(English 
translation), 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/De-Volksbank-
Integrated-Annual-Report-2022.pdf; and 
 
(j) 
Chapter 2 (Sustainability Statements) set forth on pages 39 up to and including 76 of the Issuer’s 2022 integrated 
annual report, which can also be obtained from: https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/De-Volksbank-
Integrated-Annual-Report-2022.pdf.  
 
These documents can be obtained without charge at the offices of the Issuer (Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ Utrecht, the 
Netherlands, de Volksbank Investor relations, tel: +31 30 2914246/ +31 30 2914807, jacob.bosscha@devolksbank.nl and 
davey.hak@devolksbank.nl) and the Agent (Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA, 69 Route d'Esch, L-2953 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Transaction Execution Group, tel: +352 4590 1), each as set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition all these documents and the Base Prospectus are available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/investor-relations/debt-information/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes. 
 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents mentioned above are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.devolksbank.nl, does not form a part of 
the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document 
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information 
is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 92 ---
CHAPTER 2 
NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER 
 
2.1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer (as defined below) which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange and agreed between the Issuer (as defined below) and the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference 
into) each definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, incorporated 
by reference into, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. Reference should 
be made to section 0 (Form of the Notes) for a description of the content of Final Terms which includes the definition of 
certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions.  
 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by de Volksbank N.V. (the "Issuer", which expression shall include any 
Substituted Debtor pursuant to Condition (c)19 (SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER)) pursuant to the Agency Agreement 
(as defined below). References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) 
and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in 
the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note and (iii) any Global Note. The Notes, the 
Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement dated on or 
about 14 October 2021 (as supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer 
and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA ("BIL") as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form repayable in 
instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to 
any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" 
shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned 
above include those having a credit balance in the collective deposits held by Euroclear Nederland or one of its 
participants. 
 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "Coupons" will include references to Coupon sheets where applicable.  
 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon, attached hereto, applicable hereto or incorporated by reference herein 
and supplement these Terms and Conditions.  
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) from the date on which such consolidation is 
expressed to take effect.  
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available at the specified offices of each of the Agent 
and the other Paying Agents save that Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a 
Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence as to identity satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent. The 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them.  
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
 
Any references in these Terms and Conditions to any particular provision, article, clause, section or paragraph of a law, 
directive, regulation or other legislation shall include such provision, article, clause, section or paragraph as consolidated, 
amended, re-enacted or replaced.

--- Page 93 ---
General Definitions 
 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant Condition in which such terms are used. 
 
"Accrual Yield" 
means the accrual yield specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Additional Business Centre" 
means any business centre, specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
"Additional Financial Centre" 
means any financial centre, specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" 
means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (or any 
equivalent or successor term) under the CRD requirements by the 
Competent Authority for the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
"Adjustment Spread" 
means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith, determines is 
required to be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders, as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
(a) 
is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate 
by any Competent Authority, any working group in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference 
rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof, or any widely recognized industry association or 
body; or (if no such recommendation has been made); 
 
(b) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith, 
is recognized or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for debt market instruments such as or 
comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Replacement 
Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry 
accepted 
standard 
is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged);

--- Page 94 ---
(c) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate.  
"ALAC" 
means additional loss absorbing capacity ratio (or such similar 
nomenclature) used by S&P. 
 
"Amortised Face Amount" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption 
Amounts). 
 
"Benchmark Event" 
means: 
 
(a) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be representative or an 
industry accepted rate for debt market instruments (as 
determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith) 
such as, or comparable to, the Notes; 
 
(b) 
it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited (including, 
without limitation, for the Agent) pursuant to any law, 
regulation or instruction from a Competent Authority, to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Reference Rate 
or otherwise make use of the Reference Rate with respect 
to the Notes; 
 
(c) 
the Reference Rate has changed materially, ceased to be 
published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days or 
ceased to exist; 
 
(d) 
a public statement is made by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or its supervisor that the Reference Rate 
will, by a specified date within the following six (6) months, 
be changed materially, no longer be representative, cease 
to be published, be discontinued or be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences or that contributors are no longer 
required by that supervisor to contribute input data to the 
administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate (for the 
avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date lies more 
than six (6) months after the date the public statement is 
made, this event will be deemed to occur as of the date 
such specified date lies within the following six (6) months); 
or 
 
(e) 
a public statement is made by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or its supervisor that the Reference Rate 
has changed materially, is no longer representative, has 
ceased to be published, is discontinued or is prohibited 
from being used or that its use is subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences or that the supervisor no longer 
requires contributors to contribute input data to the 
administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate, 
 
provided that, in respect of Compounded Daily €STR or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, if any event above qualifies as or 
otherwise occurs simultaneously with an €STR Index Cessation 
Event or SOFR Index Cessation Event respectively, such event is

--- Page 95 ---
not to be deemed a Benchmark Event unless the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with Condition 7(b)(ii)(b) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily €STR) or Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SOFR) (in which case such event shall be deemed a 
Benchmark Event). 
"Broken Amount" 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
"Business Day" 
means a day which is both: 
 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(b) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and 
any Additional Business Centre which, if the Specified 
Currency is (a) Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, (b) New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Wellington, (c) Hong Kong dollars, 
shall be Hong Kong and (d) Japanese yen, shall be Tokyo or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is operating. In these Conditions, "T2" means the real-time 
gross settlement system operated in the Eurosystem or any 
successor system. 
 
"Business Day Convention" 
means the Following Business Day Convention, Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, No Adjustment or the 
Preceding Business Day Convention as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
"Calculation Amount" 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Calculation Period" 
has the meaning specified in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes). 
 
"Change of Interest Basis Option" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(f) (Change of Interest 
Basis Option). 
 
"Change of Interest Basis Option Period 
Date" 
 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" 
means Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
 
"Competent Authority" 
means (i) the ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority or 
governmental body having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, a 
Resolution Authority and (ii), in relation to any Reference Rate, a 
reference to Competent Authority is to be understood as a 
reference to the regulatory authority supervising the administrator

--- Page 96 ---
of the Reference Rate.  
 
"Convertibility Event"  
 
means the determination by the national government of the 
country in the currency of which the Notes were issued, that such 
currency is substituted by another currency. 
 
"CRR" 
means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012. 
 
"Day Count Fraction" 
means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: any day count fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms calculated in accordance with the method 
set out in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or 
Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) as applicable. 
 
"Definitive Notes" 
 
means Notes in definitive form in respect of any Series of Notes. 
 
"Determination Period" 
means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date in 
any year to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date. 
 
"DNB" 
means the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank). 
 
"Dual Currency Note" 
means a Note in respect of which payments of interest and/or 
principal (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be made 
in any other currency than the Specified Currency. Such currency 
or currencies and the exchange rate ("Rate of Exchange") used 
to calculate payments of interest or principal will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Early Redemption Amount" 
means an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 9(e) 
(Early Redemption Amounts). 
 
"ECB" 
means the European Central Bank. 
 
"Established Rate" 
means the rate for the conversion of the Old Currency into the 
New Currency as fixed by the relevant government of such Old 
Currency, but which in case the New Currency will be euro 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in 
accordance with applicable European Community regulations), 
shall be as established by the Council of the EU pursuant to Article 
140 of the Treaty. 
 
"EURIBOR" 
means the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate. 
 
"euro" 
means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the EU 
Treaty. 
 
"Euroclear" 
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
 
"Euroclear Nederland" 
means Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V. 
 
"Event of Default" 
has the meaning specified in Condition12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT).

--- Page 97 ---
"Exchange Notice" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION). 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" 
means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with the provisions in the 
Agency Agreement contained by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75% of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or 
if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75% of the votes given on such poll. 
 
"Federal Reserve" 
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
"Final Redemption Amount" 
means an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" 
means, if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one 
Determination 
Period, 
the 
sum 
of:
(A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which it begins 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Determination Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; 
 
where: 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and 
including an Interest Payment Date in any year up to, but 
excluding, the next Interest Payment Date 
 
"Fixed Rate Note" 
means any Note to which a Fixed Rate of Interest applies as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Fixed Rate(s) of Interest" 
means the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
"Floating Rate Convention" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(b)(i)(b). 
 
"Floating Rate Note" 
means any Note to which a Floating Rate applies as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Floating Rate(s) of Interest" 
means the Floating Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 98 ---
"FRBNY" 
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
"Following Business Day Convention" 
has the meaning specified in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes) or Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
as applicable. 
 
"Independent Adviser" 
means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
 
"Initial Interest Basis" 
means the initial interest basis as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Instalment Amount" 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Instalment Date(s)" 
means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Instalment Note" 
means a Note that may be redeemable in instalments as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Amount" 
means the amount of interest payable under the Notes. 
 
"Interest Basis Option Period" 
means the interest basis option period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" 
means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Determination Date" 
means the applicable interest determination date as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" 
means the applicable interest payment date(s) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Period" 
means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"ISDA'' 
 
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"ISDA Definitions" 
 
means (i) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as "2006 ISDA 
Definitions", the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA, as 
amended or (ii) if specified in the relevant Final Terms as "2021 
ISDA Definitions", the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions), each as at the Issue Date of the first 
tranche of Notes unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
"ISDA Determination" 
means the method for determining the interest rate of Floating 
Rate Notes as specified in Condition 7(b)(ii)(a) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes).

--- Page 99 ---
"Issue Date" 
means the issue date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Issue Price" 
means the issue price of the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Issuer" 
de Volksbank N.V. and any Substituted Debtor pursuant to 
Condition (c)19 (SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER). 
 
"Long Maturity Note" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(b) (Presentation of 
Definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
 
"Margin" 
means the margin applicable to the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Maturity Date" 
means the date of maturity of the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" 
means the maximum Rate of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" 
means the maximum redemption amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" 
means the minimum rate of interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (which may not be less than zero) or if no 
such rate is stated the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
zero.  
 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" 
means the minimum redemption amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention" 
has the meaning specified in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes) or Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
as applicable. 
 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" 
means liabilities which are eligible to meet any MREL requirement, 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated 
basis) under the MREL Regulations, such as eligible liabilities as 
referred to in CRR. 
 
"MREL Regulations" 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"MREL Requirement" 
refers to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (as referred to in Article 12 of the SRM Regulation), the 
TLAC and/or any similar requirement, as each may be amended 
from time to time, including any amendments or additional 
requirements in connection with the implementation of the TLAC 
standard in EU law (or Dutch law implementing said EU law), that 
is or may become applicable to the Issuer (whether on an 
individual or consolidated basis), and including any subordination 
requirement that may become applicable to the Issuer pursuant to 
a decision of the Resolution Authority.  
 
"New Currency" 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION).

--- Page 100 ---
"Noteholder" 
has 
the 
meaning 
specified 
in 
Condition 
1 
(FORM, 
DENOMINATION AND TITLE). 
"Old Currency" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION). 
"Optional Redemption Amount" 
means an amount (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" 
means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date(s) designated and notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
(in the event Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is applicable). 
 
"Payment Day" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(e) (Payment Day). 
 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" 
has the meaning specified in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Notes) or Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
as applicable. 
 
"Rate of Exchange" 
means the exchange rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Rate(s) of Interest" 
means either the Fixed Rate of Interest or Floating Rate of Interest 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 "Recapitalisation" 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes). 
. 
 
"Redeemed Notes" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
 
"Redenomination Date" 
means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment 
of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) 
any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given 
to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION) 
and which in case of (i) the New Currency being euro, falls on or 
after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union and in case of (ii) the New Currency being a currency other 
than euro, shall be the date the relevant government of the New 
Currency accepts payment in the New Currency as legal tender. 
 
"Reference Price" 
means the reference price specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Reference Rate" 
means EURIBOR, €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR, SONIA, Mid Swap Rate, Rate of Exchange or 
another benchmark as well as any substitute, alternative or 
successor rate determined in accordance with Condition (c)7(b)(ii) 
(Rate of Interest) or Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference 
Rate), as applicable, including the applicable tenor and currency. 
 
"Relevant Date" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 10 (TAXATION). 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" 
means such page, section, caption or column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
"Relevant Time" 
means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
"Resolution Authority" 
means, the SRB, the ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority 
or governmental body having the power to impose resolution 
measures, 
such 
as 
Statutory 
Loss 
Absorption 
on 
or 
Recapitalisation of Notes, or other resolution tools or resolution 
action pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in case of certain measures pursuant to Part 
6 of the Wft the Resolution Authority is the Dutch Minister of 
Finance.  
 
"Screen Rate Determination" 
means the method for determining the interest rate of Floating 
Rate Notes as specified in Condition 7(b)(ii)(b) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily €STR), Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR), 
Condition 7(b)(ii)(d) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Weighted Average SOFR), Condition 7(b)(ii)(e) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA) and Condition 7(b)(ii)(f) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes referencing a Reference Rate other than 
€STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or 
SONIA), respectively. 
 
"Selection Date" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
 
"Senior Claims" 
means (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated 
Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment 
of borrowed money, (c) other unsubordinated claims, (d) 
subordinated claims that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and (e) 
(other) excluded liabilities' within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of 
the CRR. 
 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" 
means senior non-preferred notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute any present and 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated, unguaranteed and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking 
within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 
Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) and shall at all times rank 
(i) pari passu without any preference among the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes themselves and the related Receipts and 
Coupons and with all other present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 
212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any 
other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, 
as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the 
Netherlands) (other than those obligations that in accordance with 
or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or junior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (ii) senior to Subordinated Notes 
and (iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred

--- Page 102 ---
MREL Notes and unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu 
to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes (and 
those obligations that in accordance with or by operation of 
applicable law rank in priority of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes) and (other) excluded liabilities' 
within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
"Senior Preferred MREL Notes" 
means senior preferred MREL notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
that rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes themselves and the related Receipts and 
Coupons and with all other present and future unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Preferred Notes) 
save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior in 
accordance with or by operation of applicable law and, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. The Senior Preferred MREL Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
"Senior Preferred Notes" 
means the senior preferred notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
that rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior 
Preferred Notes themselves and the related Receipts and 
Coupons and with all other present and future unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes) save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or 
senior in accordance with or by operation of applicable law and, in 
the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
"Set-off Repayment" 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 3 (STATUS AND 
CHARACTERISTICS 
RELATING 
TO 
THE 
SENIOR 
PREFERRED MREL NOTES). 
 
"Specified Currency" 
means the currency of the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Specified Denomination" 
means the denomination of the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Specified Interest Payment Date" 
means the interest payment date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Specified Period" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(b)(i)(b). 
 
"SRB" 
means the European Single Resolution Board. 
 
"SRM Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution

--- Page 103 ---
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, and any rules or regulations 
related thereto, as may be amended from time to time.  
 
"Statutory Loss Absorption"  
has the meaning specified in Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes). 
 
"Subordinated Noteholders" 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 5 (STATUS AND 
CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES). 
 
"Subordinated Notes" 
means (a) subordinated notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
and the related Receipts and Coupons issued by the Issuer that 
constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank as described in Condition 5 (STATUS AND 
CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES) 
and (b) subordinated notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the 
related Receipts and Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute 
unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank as described in Condition 5 (STATUS AND 
CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES). 
 
"Subsequent Interest Basis" 
means, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 7(f) (Change 
of Interest Basis Option), the interest basis specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms that shall commence to apply upon 
exercise of the Change of Interest Basis Option. 
 
"Substituted Debtor" 
has the meaning specified in Condition (c)19 (SUBSTITUTION OF 
THE ISSUER). 
 
"sub-unit" 
 
means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one (1) 
cent. 
 
"Taxes" 
has the meaning specified in Condition 10 (TAXATION). 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" 
means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 capital 
under the CRD requirements by the Competent Authority for the 
purposes of the Issuer. 
 
"Tier 2 Note" 
has 
the 
meaning 
specified 
in 
Condition 
1 
(FORM, 
DENOMINATION AND TITLE). 
 
"TLAC" 
means total loss absorbing capacity. 
 
"Treaty" 
means the Treaty on the functioning of the EU, as amended from 
time to time. 
 
"Wft" 
means the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht). 
 
"Zero Coupon Notes" 
notes during the term of which no interest shall become due and 
payable. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the 
Tranche constitutes Zero Coupon Notes or not.

--- Page 104 ---
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency, 
the Specified Denomination(s) and the Specified Form(s) save that in the case of any Note the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of the issue of the Notes).  
 
Each Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Preferred MREL Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a 
Subordinated Note (as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
 
Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 Capital ("Tier 2 Notes") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) for 
the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time. If the Subordinated Notes 
do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, these Notes may (continue to) qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
 
Each Note is either a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Dual Currency Note or an 
Instalment Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable.  
 
Under Dutch law, the valid transfer of Notes requires, among other things, delivery (levering) thereof. For Notes 
held by Euroclear Nederland, deliveries will be made in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act 
(Wet giraal effectenverkeer) (as amended from time to time). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent and any Paying Agent may (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof, whether or not any payment is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof and no person shall be liable 
for so treating such bearer for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the first succeeding paragraph.  
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of a manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and 
the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or by a common safekeeper will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for 
the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms but shall 
not include Euroclear Nederland. 
 
2. 
STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior Preferred 
Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons with all other present and future unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes), save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior in accordance with or by 
operation of applicable law and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 105 ---
Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the 
Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, 
with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
 
Although the Senior Preferred Notes rank pari passu to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Senior Preferred 
Notes differ from the Senior Preferred MREL Notes as to certain of their characteristics. This is, because the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to time and which MREL Regulations impose restrictions on those 
characteristics, while the Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to qualify as such and are thus not subject to 
such restrictions. 
 
3. 
STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL NOTES 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured, unguaranteed 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons with all other present and future 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Senior Preferred Notes), save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior in accordance with or by 
operation of applicable law and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. The Senior Preferred MREL Notes rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of 
the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be 
followed, with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to 
certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any 
right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Preferred MREL 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such 
amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective 
under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is required to 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility and impossibility of any 
set-off or netting by a Senior Preferred MREL Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be exclusively 
governed by Dutch law. 
 
The Senior Preferred MREL Notes may be intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement 
applicable to the Issuer. 
 
4. 
STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
 
Subject to Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes), the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons will constitute any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) and 
shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among the Senior Non-Preferred Notes themselves and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated, 
unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of 
Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other

--- Page 106 ---
than those obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or junior 
to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
 
(ii) 
senior to: 
a) Subordinated Notes; and 
b) the Issuer's ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including any (other) obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital; and 
 
(iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes (and those obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable 
law rank in priority to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes) and (other) excluded 
liabilities' within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
each Series and the related Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer are subordinated to the (a) the claims of 
depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law 
rank equally to or lower than the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the 
repayment of borrowed money, (c) the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and (d) all 
other present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer (including those expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in 
priority over the Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
 
Other than in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer (or, as mentioned further below, in case of resolution 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer), the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes of each Series and the 
related Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer rank pari passu to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes and other unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes. 
 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, 
the aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers being 
exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, 
whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any 
applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is required to immediately 
exercise a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
related Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of 
any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting 
by a Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch 
law. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement 
applicable to the Issuer. 
 
5. 
STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
The principal amount and interest due under Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes constitute 
unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any preference 
among the principal amount and interest due under the Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
themselves and with the interest due under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and all other present 
and future unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated

--- Page 107 ---
obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes) and (ii) senior to the principal amount due under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 
Notes and any other own funds instruments within the meaning of Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (or 
any other provision implementing Article 48(7) of the Directive 2014/59/EU in the Netherlands) and (iii) junior to 
those subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
The principal amount due under Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes constitute unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any preference among 
the principal amount due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes themselves (other than those 
subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or junior to 
the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and (ii) junior to the principal amount and interest due under 
the Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the interest due under the Subordinated Notes that 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
The interest due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes rank (i) pari passu without any 
preference among the interest due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes themselves and with 
the principal amount and interest due under Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes and all other 
present and future unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those 
subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or junior to 
the Subordinated Notes) and (ii) senior to the principal amount due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes and any other own funds instruments within the meaning of Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(or any other provision implementing Article 48(7) of Directive 2014/59/EU in the Netherlands) and (iii) junior to 
those subordinated obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank in priority to the 
interest due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
All Subordinated Notes 
 
As a result, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes of each Series in respect of payment of principal and interest (the "Subordinated Noteholders") against 
the Issuer are subordinated to the Senior Claims, with the claims resulting from the principal amount due under 
the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, being subordinated to the claims resulting from (i) the principal 
amount and interest due under the Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (ii) the interest due under 
the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (iii) other unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that are not own funds instruments. 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims have been 
satisfied and payments to a holder of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes in respect of the principal 
amount thereof will in such case only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from (i) the Subordinated 
Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, (ii) the interest due under the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 
Notes and (iii) other unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not own funds 
instruments have been satisfied. 
 
No Subordinated Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes. To the extent that any 
Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether 
by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable 
law, such Subordinated Noteholder is required to immediately exercise a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be 
derived from the principal amount and interest due under the relevant Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has 
received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting by a Subordinated Noteholder shall be exclusively 
governed by Dutch law. 
 
It is the Issuer's intention that the Subordinated Notes - if specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Subordinated 
Tier 2 Notes" – qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable

--- Page 108 ---
to the Issuer from time to time. If the Subordinated Notes do not qualify and are not treated as Tier 2 Notes, the 
Issuer intends for these Notes to (continue to) qualify and be treated as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
 
Subject to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (or any other provision implementing Article 48(7) of the 
Directive 2014/59/EU in the Netherlands) and otherwise applicable laws, (i) the aforementioned ranking in respect 
of Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes also applies to Subordinated Notes that in part, but not or no 
longer in whole, are recognized as Tier 2 Notes for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer from time to time and (ii) the aforementioned ranking in respect of Subordinated Notes that do not qualify a 
Tier 2 Notes will apply to those Subordinated Notes that were previously but are no longer in whole recognized as 
Tier 2 Notes for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer. 
 
6. 
REDENOMINATION 
 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Agent, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, if applicable, Euroclear Nederland and at least thirty (30) days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES), elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date (as defined below) specified in the notice, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency (or Specified Currencies) (each the "Old Currency") shall be 
redenominated in any other currency (the "New Currency") being either euro, or, in the event of redenomination 
upon the occurrence of a Convertibility Event, a currency other than euro, as the case may be. 
  
The election will have effect as follows: 
 
(i) 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall be deemed to be redenominated into the New Currency in 
the denomination of at least € 1, or its equivalent in any other currency, with a principal amount for each 
Note and Receipt equal to the principal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted 
into the New Currency at the Established Rate (as defined below) provided that, if the Issuer determines, 
with the agreement of the Agent, that the then pertaining market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into the New Currency of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the 
Paying Agents of such deemed amendments;  
 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice (as defined below) has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) 
for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest 
€ 0.01 or its equivalent in any other currency; 
 
(iii) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued at the 
expense of the Issuer in denominations of € 100,000, or its equivalents in any other currency, and such 
other denominations (of at least € 100,000) as the Agent shall, in consultation with the Issuer, determine 
and notify to the Noteholders; 
 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives 
notice (the "Exchange Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) that 
replacement of Old Currency denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange 
(provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Notes, Coupons and Receipts so issued will also become void on 
that date although those Notes, Coupons and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations 
of the Issuer. New Currency denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent, in 
consultation with the Issuer, may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. 
No Exchange Notice may be given less than fifteen (15) days prior to any date for payment of principal or 
interest on the Notes;

--- Page 109 ---
(v) 
on or after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, 
other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be 
made solely in the New Currency as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to the 
New Currency. Payments will be made in the New Currency by credit or transfer to a New Currency account 
(or any other account to which the New Currency may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee 
or, at the option of the payee, by a New Currency cheque; 
 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the Redenomination Date 
is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed 
Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)), and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant New Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding;  
 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Notes referencing a Reference Rate, the Issuer may adjust the Reference Rate to any other 
Reference Rate deemed suitable by the Issuer at that time and the Issuer may adjust the interest payable 
on the Notes by reference to the Reference Rate, and, if required, any or all Interest Payment Dates as it 
deems necessary in accordance with the then pertaining market practice taking into account the 
redenomination and in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of interest under such Notes; and  
 
(viii) 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the exact date on which the redenomination will occur in case the 
Notes were issued in a currency other than euro and in a country in which T2 does not apply.  
 
7. 
INTEREST 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 7 (INTEREST) any reference in this Condition 7 (INTEREST) to the 'Agent' 
should be read as a reference to the Agent or in case any other party is appointed as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount in the applicable Final Terms, to such party.  
 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date (if that does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date).  
 
Except as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day;  
 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day;

--- Page 110 ---
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
 
(4) 
No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.  
 
If "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall be 
calculated as if the Interest Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If "Adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall be 
calculated as if the Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period starting or ending other than on an Interest Payment Date (the 
"Calculation Period"), such interest shall be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to each Calculation 
Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying such rounded up figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  
 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on either: 
 
(a) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year; or 
 
(b) if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).  
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention is 
specified: 
 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 7(b)(i)(b) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that 
is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or  
 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or  
 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month,

--- Page 111 ---
in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
 
(5) 
No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.  
 
If "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall be 
calculated as if the Interest Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If "Adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall be 
calculated as if the Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
 
The Floating Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
(a) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:  
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR, the 
first day of that Interest Accrual Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(4) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
a. 
Compounding with Lookback; 
b. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
c. 
Compounding with Lockout; or 
d. 
IOS Compounding. 
 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to numbers 
or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or 
other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), (i) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift", "Compounding with Lockout" and "OIS Compounding" have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions, (ii) the definition of "Banking Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall be amended to 
insert after the words "are open for" in the second line before the word "general" and (iii) "Eurozone" means 
the region comprised of Member States that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty.  
 
When this sub-paragraph (a) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Agent will be deemed 
to have discharged its obligations under Condition 7(b)(iv) (Determination of Rate of Interest and

--- Page 112 ---
Calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph (a). 
 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR 
 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), be Compounded Daily €STR with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin. 
 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate of the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
 
 
 
where:  
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any Observation Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority thereto;  
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement Day (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"ni", for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to but excluding the following TARGET Settlement Day;  
 
"Observation Method" means the method specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
 
"p" means:  
a. for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than

--- Page 113 ---
five TARGET Settlement Days; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, zero;  
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
Euro;  
 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the ECB, 
as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB 
initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB (the 
"ECB's Website") (in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET 
Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day); and  
 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, 
"€STRi-pTBD" means: 
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of 
any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day "i"; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, the €STR 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above, except that in respect of 
each TARGET Settlement Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is specified, five TARGET Settlement Day Days prior 
to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the €STR Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above in respect of such 
"Lock-out date"; 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, "€STRi" means in 
respect of any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for that TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
 
(2) 
The following provisions apply in case the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a 
TARGET Settlement Day as specified above or if the Rate of Interest cannot otherwise be determined 
in accordance with the provisions set forth herein, respectively. 
 
(3) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
(each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for 
the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website.  
 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as specified 
above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from 
and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the ECB or another 
administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, 
the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, 
as published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs (the "EDFR Spread"). Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index

--- Page 114 ---
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
 
(4) 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of Compounded Daily €STR, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (through 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is 
no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). If the provisions of this 
Condition 7(b)(ii)(b) fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 7(d) 
(Replacement Reference Rate) shall apply. 
 
(5) 
As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period 
(if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first 
day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, 
if the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT), shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable).  
 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition (c)7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
 
(6) 
As used in these Conditions: "€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events:  
 
a. 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a Resolution Authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or Resolution Authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR;  
 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the 
first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
a. 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB

--- Page 115 ---
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b. 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a Resolution Authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or Resolution Authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; and  
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB Recommended Rate is 
no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily SOFR", the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), 
be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin.  
 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where:  
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of United States Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number of United States Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant United States 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first United States 
Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the Observation 
Period;  
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from and

--- Page 116 ---
including the date falling "p" United States Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date "p" United States Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
 
"p" means:  
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the number 
of United States Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five United 
States Government Securities Business Days); and  
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, zero;  
 
"USBD" means United States Government Securities Business Day;" 
 
"ni" means, for any United States Government Securities Business Day "i", the number of calendar 
days from and including such United States Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following United States Government Securities Business Day;  
 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means:  
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect 
of any United States Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the SOFR for the United States Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" United States Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant United States 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or  
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, during 
each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
above, except that in respect of each United States Government Securities Business Day i 
falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no 
"Lock-out date" is specified, five United States Government Securities Business Days prior to 
each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above in respect of such "Lock-out 
date"; or  
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, SOFRi, 
where SOFRi is, in respect of any United States Government Securities Business Day i falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for such day. 
 
(2) 
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context otherwise requires, in 
these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings:  
 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York City;  
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Date" means, following the occurrence of an OBFR Index Cessation Event, 
the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate), 
ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate may no longer be used, in each case as certified in writing by the Issuer to the Agent;  
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
a. 
public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate;  
b. 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a successor 
administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate; or  
c. 
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income securities

--- Page 117 ---
and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been acknowledged in writing by 
ISDA as an "OBFR Index Cessation Event" under the ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA;  
 
"SOFR" means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:  
a. 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY's website at 5:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on a United States Government Securities Business Day;  
b. 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not appear as specified above, and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Date has not occurred, then the Agent shall use the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published on the FRBNY's website for the first preceding United States Government 
Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the FRBNY's website;  
c. 
if a SOFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, the Agent shall calculate SOFR as if references 
to SOFR were references to the rate that was recommended as (and notified by the Issuer to 
the Agent) as being the replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal 
Reserve and/or the FRBNY or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve and/or the FRBNY for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads). If no such 
rate has been recommended within one United States Government Securities Business Day 
of the SOFR Index Cessation Date, then the rate for any such United States Government 
Securities Business Day falling on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Date will be determined 
as if (i) references to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate were references to the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate (published on the FRBNY's website at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the relevant New York City Banking Day); (ii) references to United States Government 
Securities Business Day were references to New York City Banking Day, (iii) references to 
SOFR Index Cessation Event were references to the OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) 
references to SOFR Index Cessation Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Date; 
and  
d. 
if the Agent is required to use the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in paragraph (a) above and 
an OBFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, then for any Interest Payment Date after such 
OBFR Index Cessation Date, the Agent shall use the short-term interest rate target set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve's website, or if the 
Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term 
interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the 
Federal Reserve's website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the 
target range and the lower bound of the target range);  
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Date" means following the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, 
the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used, in each case as certified in writing by the Issuer to 
the Agent;  
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
a. 
a public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate; 
b. 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate; or  
c. 
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income securities 
and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been acknowledged in writing by 
ISDA as an "SOFR Index Cessation Event" under the ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA;

--- Page 118 ---
and 
 
"United States Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 
As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period 
(if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first 
day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, 
if the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT), shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable).  
 
(3) 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS OF 
DEFAULT), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition (c)7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average SOFR 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average SOFR", the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), be 
Weighted Average SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin.  
 
"Weighted Average SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the arithmetic mean of 
"SOFRi" in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be calculated by the Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: "d", "do", "i" and "p" have the meanings set out under Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR);  
 
"ni" means, for any United States Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar days from 
and including such United States Government Securities Business Day up to but excluding the following 
United States Government Securities Business Day;  
 
"SOFRi" means, for any United States Government Securities Business Day i:  
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the SOFR in 
respect of the United States Government Securities Business Day i falling p United States 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; 
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, during each 
relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above, except that 
in respect of each United States Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the "Lock-
out date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is specified, five 
United States Government Securities Business Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) 
until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above in respect of such "Lock-out date"; or 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, the SOFR on 
the United States Government Securities Business Day I; and

--- Page 119 ---
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate) be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) 
for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the 
Observation Period; 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the end of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
"p" means:  
a. 
the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five London Banking Days; 
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, zero;  
 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, the 
SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days

--- Page 120 ---
prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, 
during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each London Banking 
Day i falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
where no "Lock-out date" is specified, five London Banking Days prior to each relevant 
Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA reference rate determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of 
such "Lock-out date"; or 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such day; and 
 
the "SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
 
(2) 
If, subject to Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) in respect of any London Banking Day in 
the relevant Observation Period, the Agent determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) 
the BoE's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on 
such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) or 
(iii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which 
the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors). 
 
(3) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 7(b)(ii)(e)(2), if the 
BoE publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate 
that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to 
determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day "i" for the purpose of the relevant 
Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors.  
 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency Agreement are 
required in order for the Agent to follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA, the Agent shall 
have no obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with 
the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
 
(4) 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of Compounded Daily SONIA, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Agent, the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled

--- Page 121 ---
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Accrual Period). If the provisions of this Condition 7(b)(ii)(e) fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) shall apply. 
 
(5) 
As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period 
(if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first 
day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, 
if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS 
OF DEFAULT), shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable).  
 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition12 (EVENTS 
OF DEFAULT), the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in 
Condition (c)7(e) (Accrual of Interest). 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Reference Rate other than €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or SONIA 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being a Reference Rate other than €STR, SOFR or SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will as provided below, be either:  
 
(1) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards or, if the relevant Screen Rate is EURIBOR, to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rates which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to this 
subparagraph in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
such quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified above. The following summarises the most relevant provisions of the 
Agency Agreement with regard to this matter. In such an event the Agent shall request the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.  
 
 
The expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of (1) above, those banks whose offered rates 
were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page 
and, in the case of (2) above, those banks whose offered quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen 
Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
 
If the provisions of this 7(b)(ii)(f) fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 7(d) 
(Replacement Reference Rate) shall apply.

--- Page 122 ---
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest, for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) 
above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
 
The Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Calculation 
Amount for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying such rounded up 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
 
"Floating Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365; 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360; 
 
(iv) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
         
         
         
         
         
360
 
         
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 123 ---
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(v) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES). If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London.  
 
(vi) 
Certificates to be final  
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, if 
applicable, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to 
the Agent, if applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.  
 
(c) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes  
 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, payments by the Issuer of interest and/or principal (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) will be made in another currency or currencies than the Specified Currency. Such currency 
         
         
         
         
         
360
 
         
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 124 ---
or currencies and the exchange rate ("Rate of Exchange") used to calculate payments of interest or principal will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
  
(d) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7 (INTEREST), if the Agent or the Issuer determines at any 
time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to 
a Reference Rate, the Issuer may, after using reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser (which the Issuer will do as soon as reasonably practicable and, if possible, at least five (5) Business Days 
prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate is available that is 
substantially comparable to the Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter, or whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate has 
been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or widely recognised industry association or body, or whether a substitute, 
alternative or successor rate has developed or is expected to develop in an industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments such as or comparable to the relevant Notes is available. 
 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Issuer is expected to first explore the 
option of selecting €STR or a term rate based on €STR as the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined below).  
 
If the Issuer has determined a substitute, alternative or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each relevant Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after such determination at least five (5) business days after such determination, 
(A) the Issuer will, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), also determine changes (if 
any) to the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction, relevant screen page, any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to 
the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with any industry-accepted practices for 
such Replacement Reference Rate, although there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other 
adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or that the application of any such factor will either reduce or 
eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders; (B) the Issuer may, without the consent of any or all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders, (further) amend the Terms and Conditions and/or amend or supplement the 
Agency Agreement, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing; (C) references to the Reference 
Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) 
above (including the Adjustment Spread); and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES)), the 
Agent and the Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) 
above. The Agent will remain the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount by 
making use of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), this Replacement Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant 
future payments on the relevant Notes, subject to Condition 7 (INTEREST). This Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the Issuer will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Paying Agent, the Agent and the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such person will attach to the Issuer in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud. If the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate or 
any of the other matters referred to above, then the Reference Rate (as stated in the applicable Final Terms) will 
remain the rate in effect (but subject to the other provisions of Condition 7 (INTEREST), particularly Condition 
(c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) and Condition (c)7(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) in respect of the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain subject to the 
operation of the provisions of this Condition 7 (INTEREST). In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but

--- Page 125 ---
not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions 
will continue to apply). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder, Receiptholder and Couponholder shall be deemed to have accepted 
the Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 7(d) (Replacement 
Reference Rate) and no consent or approval of any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be required. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7 (INTEREST), the Issuer may not adopt a Replacement 
Reference Rate, or make any other amendments to Terms and Conditions pursuant to this Condition 7(d) 
(Replacement Reference Rate), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected, 
 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, to: 
 
 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Notes; and/or 
 
(ii) result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or amendment(s) as a new Issuance of the 
Subordinated Notes, and  
 
with respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, to: 
 
 
(iii) prejudice the qualification of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in whole 
or in part) as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
 
(iv) result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
 
Any amendment to the Terms and Conditions pursuant to this Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate) is 
subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority, 
provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant 
to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
amendment as may be required by the Competent Authority, MREL Regulations or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest  
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:  
 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and  
 
(2) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) or 
individually. 
 
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis Option 
 
If "Change of Interest Basis Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, after having given notice to the 
stock exchange where the Notes are listed, the Issuer will have to give: 
 
(1) 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES), not less than the number of 
Business Days equal to the Interest Basis Option Period prior to the date on which the Change of Interest 
Basis Option shall be effective; and

--- Page 126 ---
(2) 
notice to the Agent, not less than the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Basis Option Period 
prior to the date on which the Change of Interest Basis Option shall be effective, (both of which notices 
shall be irrevocable) exercise the Change of Interest Basis Option upon which exercise the Interest Basis 
of the Notes changes from the Initial Interest Basis (which shall cease to apply) to the Subsequent Interest 
Basis (which shall commence to apply), effective as of the Change of Interest Basis Option Period Date 
immediately following the date on which the notice referred to above is given. 
 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
 
Subject as provided below: 
 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, in the case of 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, in the case of New Zealand dollars, shall be Wellington, in the case of 
Hong Kong dollars, shall be Hong Kong and in the case of Japanese yen, shall be Tokyo); and  
 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque.  
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Revenue Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Revenue Code, any regulations thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement with respect thereto or any law implementing, 
or relating to, an intergovernmental agreement and, in each case, no additional amounts will be paid with respect 
to any Taxes except as specifically provided under the provisions of Condition 10 (TAXATION).  
 
(b) 
Presentation of Definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of Definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States but for certain limited circumstances 
described below.  
 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) on the Notes, other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipt. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
surrender of the relevant Note. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together 
with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof.  
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Dual Currency Notes and Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of five (5) years after the date on 
which such principal first became due (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 11 (PRESCRIPTION)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured

--- Page 127 ---
Receipts and Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no payments in respect of any such 
Receipts and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be made or issued, as the case may be. 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Note.  
 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note 
to or to the order of any Paying Agent. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any 
Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made and, in respect of a classic Global Note, the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto and in respect of a Global Note in NGN-form the payment is entered pro rata in the record of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented 
by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid.  
 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person other than the holder of 
such Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Note.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, United States dollar payments of principal and interest 
in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if:  
 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in United States dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due;  
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
principal and interest in United States dollars; and  
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 128 ---
(e) 
Payment Day 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes "Payment Day" means 
any day which is:  
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Financial 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and any Additional Financial 
Centre which, if the Specified Currency is (a) Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, (b) New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Wellington, (c) Hong Kong dollars, shall be Hong Kong and (d) Japanese yen, shall be Tokyo or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is operating. 
 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10 (TAXATION); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Instalment Notes, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 10 (TAXATION). 
 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date or by instalments in the Instalment Amount(s) and on the 
Instalment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of a Note redeemable in instalments, an 
"Instalment Note"). 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons  
 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) if:  
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 10 (TAXATION); or 
 
(ii) the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any interest 
payable, 
 
in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or

--- Page 129 ---
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes. 
 
With respect to Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. The Competent Authority may permit the Issuer to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes at any time within five (5) years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to this Condition 9(b) 
, there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. 
 
The redemption of any Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, for tax reasons, shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions 
to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to redeem the Notes, the Issuer may, 
having given:  
  
(i) 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders or such other period of 
notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES); and  
 
(ii) 
not less than fifteen (15) days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent,  
 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s).  
 
Additionally, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain prior (written) permission 
of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
 
The redemption of any Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, at the Option of the Issuer, shall be subject to (i) the prior 
(written) permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include requiring 
the replacement of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions 
to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time.  
 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) must be of a 
nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as

--- Page 130 ---
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(the "Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes, and where applicable in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion) and/or Euroclear Nederland, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
a Global Note, in each case, not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount 
of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of Definitive Notes outstanding bears to the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note 
shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant 
to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (NOTICES) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Selection Date. 
 
(d) 
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes 
 
 Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Event (as defined below) redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but not in part, at any time, on 
giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable notice to the holder of Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES). The Issuer will redeem the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities in accordance with the Terms and Conditions at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but 
excluding the date of redemption.  
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Event and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred MREL Notes (if ALAC Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined in this  
Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes)), at its option and at any time 
substitute the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Senior Preferred MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities in such a way that 
they are eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirement and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes (if ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), the ALAC 
of the Issuer (as defined in this Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes)) on 
giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable notice to the holders of Senior Preferred 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES). Such variation or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the interests 
of holders of Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively. Following such variation or substitution, the resulting securities shall (1) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (3) have the same Maturity 
Date and redemption rights as the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated

--- Page 131 ---
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date 
last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised 
stock exchange if the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
 
The option of the Issuer of effectuating a "Regulatory Call" and/or "Variation or Substitution" as described in the 
previous paragraphs, shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority provided that 
at the relevant time such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 
CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
variation or substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time.  
 
 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event (as defined in this Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes)) redeem 
the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 
thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable notice to the Subordinated Noteholders, or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). Additionally, 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets 
the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer at such time. The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event and/or a CRD Capital 
Event and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Preferred MREL Notes 
(if ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined in 
this Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes)) has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority provided 
that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 
77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such variation or 
substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer at such time (but without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and 
on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 16 
(NOTICES) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes (if ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), are eligible 
under the ALAC (as defined below) of the Issuer. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall 
either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes), as the case may be, provided that 
such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the Subordinated 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will permit 
any such variation or substitution of the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Following such variation or substitution, the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest 
payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (3) have 
the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (4) preserve

--- Page 132 ---
any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation 
or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange if the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution. 
 
"ALAC Event" means, at any time, a change in, clarification to or amendment of any relevant methodology of S&P 
(or in the interpretation of such methodology) which impacts the eligibility of a Subordinated Note and/or a Senior 
Non-Preferred Note, respectively, under the ALAC in such a way that the Subordinated Note and/or the Senior 
Non-Preferred Note is not, or to a lesser extent, eligible to count towards the ALAC of the Issuer. 
 
A "Capital Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of a Subordinated Note that has 
resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Note being excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer, which change in regulatory 
classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within five (5) 
years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as demonstrated by the Issuer to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) CRR. 
 
An "MREL Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of a Senior Preferred MREL Note, 
Senior Non-Preferred Note and/or Subordinated Note qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, that has 
in whole (or, only for the purposes of a "Variation or Substitution" specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part) 
resulted or would be likely to result in the Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note and/or Subordinated 
Note qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities being excluded from eligibility for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirement applicable to the Issuer, provided that an MREL Event shall not occur where a Senior Preferred Note, 
Senior Non-Preferred Note and/or Subordinated Note qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities is excluded on the 
basis that the remaining maturity of such Note is less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria 
under the MREL Requirement. 
 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
(sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by 
the Competent Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer). 
 
"CRD Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Note can no longer be included in full in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer by reason of their non-
compliance with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time (as such 
regulatory capital rules are interpreted and applied by the ECB, DNB, EBA or other competent authorities). 
 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive and ii) the CRR.  
 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to 
time, including, without limitation, by virtue of Directive (EU) 2019/878). 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
(as amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by virtue of Regulation (EU) 2019/876). 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) or (c) above and Condition12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT), each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows:

--- Page 133 ---
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note, but including an Instalment Note) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a 
Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified, or determined 
in the manner specified in, in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the product of: 
 
(a) 
the Reference Price; and 
(b) 
the sum of the figure '1' and the Accrual Yield, raised to the power of 'x', where 'x' is a fraction the 
numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Notes become due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
 
(f) 
Instalments 
 
Instalment Notes will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Date. In the case of early 
redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined in accordance with Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption 
Amounts). 
 
(g) 
Purchases 
 
The Issuer and/or any member of the group formed by de Volksbank N.V. and its subsidiaries 
(dochtermaatschappijen) (the "de Volksbank Group") may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes shall be 
subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which 
may include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, and 
may not take place within five (5) years after the Issue Date (unless (a) the Issuer having before or at the same 
time as such purchase, replaced the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer, and the Competent 
Authority having permitted such action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential 
point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances or (b) the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes 
are being purchased for market-making purposes in accordance with the CRD or such other regulatory capital 
rules applicable to the Issuer at such time). As a result of the direct or indirect purchase or other form of funding 
by the Issuer, its subsidiaries or any other undertaking in which the Issuer has participation in the form of ownership 
(direct or by way of control) of 20% or more of the voting rights or capital of that undertaking, of Tier 2 Notes, these 
Subordinated Notes may no longer qualify as Tier 2 Notes.  
 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions

--- Page 134 ---
to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time. As a result of the direct or indirect purchase or other form of funding by the Issuer, its 
subsidiaries or any other undertaking in which the Issuer has participation in the form of ownership (direct or by 
way of control) of 20% or more of the voting rights or capital of that undertaking, of any such Notes, these Notes 
may no longer qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption, if any). All Notes so cancelled and any 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(g) (Purchases) above (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or 
resold. 
 
(i) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant 
to Conditions 8 (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition12 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption Amounts) under 
item (iii) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). 
 
(j) 
Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes 
 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or (acting on the decisions and 
instructions by the Resolution Authority) the Issuer that, without the consent of the relevant Noteholder, (a) all or 
part of the nominal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written 
down, reduced, or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such 
loss absorption "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into (claims which may give rights to) Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, provided that all other debt instruments and other obligations of the Issuer which are expressed to 
rank or which rank junior to the specific type of Note in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer have 
already fully absorbed losses of the Issuer to the extent determined or required by the Resolution Authority before 
any write-down or conversion of such Notes pursuant to the application of this provision.  
 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced or converted into (claims which may 
give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by 
the Resolution Authority, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) Noteholders will have no further 
claims in respect of the amount so written down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of 
such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including with respect to any accrued but unpaid interest on 
such written down, reduced or converted amounts. 
 
Upon any write down, reduction, or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, 
any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such 
write down, reduction or conversion.

--- Page 135 ---
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of the Noteholders, 
the Notes may be subject to other resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, 
such as replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Notes, expropriation of Noteholders, modification 
of the terms of the Notes, suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer under or in connection 
with the Notes and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Notes. Such determination, the 
implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, which may include the concept that, upon such determination, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such event. Any such 
event shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
Upon any write down, reduction or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes or 
as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that this may or will occur the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). Such notice will include details of the relevant (foreseen) 
write-down or conversion. Failure or delay to provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such 
failure or delay. 
 
In these Conditions: 
 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer at the 
relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 
2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations 
(EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
intervention, resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
and the Wft (including the measures laid down in Part 6 thereof). 
 
10. 
TAXATION  
 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature (collectively "Taxes"), unless such withholding or deduction is required by applicable 
law. In the event the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Issuer will, depending on 
which provision is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either:  
 
a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such Taxes for the account of the holders of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons, as the case may be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons; or 
 
b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amount which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Notes, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
 
i. 
with respect to Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 Notes only, any withholding or deduction in respect of payments of 
principal under the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 Notes;  
 
ii. 
to a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere 
holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof;

--- Page 136 ---
iii. 
to a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of residence, non-residence or other similar document or other evidence 
concerning nationality, residence or identity of the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder which is 
needed as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such Taxes or to assess whether such Taxes are 
applicable to the respective payment but only to the extent the holder is legally entitled to provide such 
information or documentation or such information or documentation is otherwise reasonably requested by 
the Issuer;  
 
iv. 
in respect of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) as amended from time to time; or 
 
v. 
presented for payment, where presentation is required, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date 
(as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts will be paid by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other person 
on account of any deduction or withholding from a payment on, or in respect of, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
where such deduction or withholding is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Revenue Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Revenue Code, any 
regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement with respect thereto 
or any law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental agreement. 
 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). 
 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of five (5) years 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 (TAXATION)) therefore.  
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 (TAXATION) or Condition 8(b) (Presentation of 
Definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Presentation of Definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing  
 
A. With respect to the Senior Preferred Notes only:  
(i) 
default is made for more than thirty (30) days in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and 
such failure has continued for the period of sixty (60) days next following the service on the Issuer of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied;  
(iii) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination or this 
involves a solvent liquidation,  
 
then any holder of Senior Preferred Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Senior Preferred Notes held by the 
holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 9(f) (Instalments)), together with accrued interest (if any) 
to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 137 ---
B. With respect to the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any Subordinated 
Notes:  
(i) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination or this 
involves a solvent liquidation,  
 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon the 
date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that (i) repayment of the Notes 
under this Condition will only be effected after the Issuer has (i) obtained the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR in the event the Notes qualify as Tier 2 
Notes, or the conditions in Article 78a CRR in the event the Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, which 
may include requiring the replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
respectively of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
(iii) complied with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such repayment as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at 
such time.  
 
Holders of Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. Save as provided above, the sole remedy 
available to these Noteholders to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons, respectively, shall 
be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such 
obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of fourteen (14) or 
more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition12 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT), shall be available to the Subordinated Noteholders, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders and the Senior Preferred MREL Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons 
or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes or the Coupons.  
 
The application of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation as set out in Condition 9 (REDEMPTION AND 
PURCHASE) in respect of the Notes does not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
14. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out in the 
Base Prospectus.  
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided 
that:

--- Page 138 ---
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed, quoted and/or traded on or by any competent listing authority, on any stock 
exchange or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying agent with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental Europe; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the Netherlands. 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a paying agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 8(d) (General provisions applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). 
 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date or the Specified Period, as the 
case may be, on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (PRESCRIPTION). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date or for 
the Specified Period (as the case may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
 
16. 
NOTICES 
 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published if and for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in all the newspapers in which such publication is 
required to be made or on the date of publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any publication required 
by a stock exchange, the rules of the stock exchange so permit), so long as the Global Note(s) is or are held in its 
or their entirety with a depository or a common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or with Euroclear Nederland, be substituted for publication in some or 
all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Nederland and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by them to 
the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Nederland 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
Where the identity of all the Noteholders is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (after consultation with the relevant 
stock exchange (where relevant)) give notice individually to such holders in lieu of publication as provided above.  
 
Notices to be given by any Noteholders shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of 
any Definitive Notes) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Nederland and/or any other relevant clearing system as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Agent and Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Nederland and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.  
 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the

--- Page 139 ---
Receipts, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such meetings may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5% in a nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes or altering the currency of payments on the Notes, Receipts or Coupons), the necessary quorum for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, 
or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
to:  
 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
 
The Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to any 
substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
Any such modification, substitution or variation shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification, substitution or variation shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Any amendment to Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes) or which impacts the 
eligibility of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent 
Authority (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such amendment as may 
be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at 
such time.  
 
Any amendment to Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes) or which impacts the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, respectively, as being eligible for purposes of the Issuer's MREL Requirement is subject to (i) the prior 
(written) permission of the Competent Authority (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such amendment as may be required by the Competent Authority or MREL Regulations at such time.  
 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUANCES 
 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
 
19. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and in case of Tier 2 Notes and Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, respectively, after (i) (written) permission of the Competent Authority, and (ii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such replacement and substitution as may

--- Page 140 ---
be required by the Competent Authority, MREL Regulations or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at such time, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer (the "Substituted Debtor") as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
related Receipts and Coupons provided that: 
 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be necessary 
to give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder 
and Couponholder to be bound by the Terms and Conditions and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes 
and the relevant Receipts and Coupons in place of the Issuer and, if and to the extent the Issuer 
has determined in its sole discretion that a guarantee shall not affect the status of such Notes under 
the applicable MREL Regulations or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at such time, pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be 
unconditional and irrevocable, (the "Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder and each holder of 
the related Receipts and Coupons the payment of all sums (including any additional amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 10 (TAXATION)) payable in respect of the Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons; 
 
(ii) 
where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a 
territory other than the Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a covenant and/or such other 
provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in 
terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 10 (TAXATION) with the substitution for the 
references to the Netherlands of references to the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a 
covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder 
and Couponholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses, which may be incurred by or 
levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would 
not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties 
which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such 
tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
(a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the performance of its obligations under 
the Documents, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the 
obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all 
valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading law firm in the jurisdiction in which the Substituted Debtor is situated to 
the effect that the Documents and the Substituted Debtor's obligations under the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such 
opinion to be dated not more than three (3) days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent; and 
 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a legal opinion 
from a leading Dutch law firm to the effect that the Documents (including the Guarantee, as 
applicable) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer, 
as the case may be, under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than three (3) days prior

--- Page 141 ---
to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection 
by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent. 
 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the Substituted 
Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as 
provided in Condition (c)19 (SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER) under item (a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim 
from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
 
(c) 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Subordinated Notes of any Series, 
the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the Subordinated Notes of such Series constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee (as applicable) constitutes a subordinated 
obligation of the Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's 
obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes of 
such Series under Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED 
NOTES). In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
such Series constitute any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands), and that the 
Guarantee (as applicable) constitutes an unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the Issuer with a 
similar ranking as those of the Substituted Debtor, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same 
extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series under Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS 
RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES) (unless it is not legally possible for the Guarantee (as 
applicable) to have such a similar ranking, in which case the Guarantee (as applicable) may constitute a 
subordinated obligation of the Issuer). 
 
(d) 
With respect to Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after (i) (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such waiver as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 16 (NOTICES), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with paragraph 
(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to 
this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. With respect to Senior Preferred MREL Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, after (i) (written) permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such waiver as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time, by notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply 
with paragraph (c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the 
principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
 
(e) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons as the principal debtor in place 
of the Issuer and the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the 
Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the related Receipts 
and Coupons save that any claims under the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons prior to release 
shall inure for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 142 ---
(f) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons remain 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons or the Documents shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall 
acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons or the Documents. 
 
(g) 
Not later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (NOTICES). 
 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Dutch law, including the choice of court agreement set out below in Condition 20(b).  
 
(b) 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
to the jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, judging in first instance, and in its appellate 
courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 143 ---
2.2.  FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Copies of the Final Terms will be provided by the Issuer upon request. [In addition, in case of Notes listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)].  
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any material deviation of the form of Final Terms will have to be approved by the AFM (if required under the Prospectus 
Regulation). 
 
Final Terms 
dated [•] 
 
de Volksbank N.V. 
(incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited liability company 
and having its corporate seat in Utrecht, the Netherlands) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500A1FNICHSDF2I11 
(the "Issuer") 
 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
(the "Notes")  
 
issued under the Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer 
 
 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the issue of Notes under the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") 
of the Issuer, described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, including any commission 
delegated regulation thereunder (the "Prospectus Regulation"). It must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
pertaining to the Programme, dated 12 October 2023 [and as supplemented on [•][ and [•]]], which together constitute a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto. The Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto are available for viewing at 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/debt-informatie/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes as well as at 
the office of the Issuer at Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ, Utrecht, the Netherlands, where copies may also be obtained (free of 
charge). Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.devolksbank.nl, does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus and/or these Final Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless 
specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market: Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
an EU distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the

--- Page 144 ---
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
 
[Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels."] 
 
[The following language applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the current base prospectus] 
 
[These Final Terms are to be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth 
in section 2.1 (Terms and Conditions) of the Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions as completed by these Final 
Terms constitute the conditions (the "Conditions") of the Notes. Capitalised terms not defined herein have the same 
meaning as in the Terms and Conditions. All references to numbered Conditions and sections are to Conditions and 
sections of the Terms and Conditions set forth in section 2.1 (Terms and Conditions) of the Base Prospectus.] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Series or Tranche of an issuance which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such, to the extent they apply to the previously issued Senior 
Preferred MREL Notes (defined as Senior Preferred Notes in those previous conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Tier 2 Notes (as may be the case), in [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 91 up to and including 135 of the 
base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 October 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions")] 
[the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 103 up to and including 160 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating 
to the Programme, dated 15 October 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms and conditions as referred to 
on pages 109 up to and including 167 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 14 October 
2021 (the "2021 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 91 up to and including 140 
of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 14 October 2022 (the “2022 Terms and 
Conditions”)] which have been incorporated by reference in, and forms part of the base prospectus dated 14 October 
2021[, as supplemented by the supplement to this base prospectus dated [insert date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). These 
Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect 
of the 2019 Terms and Conditions, the 2020 Terms and Conditions, the 2021 Terms and Conditions and the 2022 Terms 
and Conditions, incorporated by reference therein which are attached hereto. Together, the Base Prospectus and these 
Final Terms constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]

--- Page 145 ---
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable (N/A)'. Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if 'Not Applicable' is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
 
[When completing any Final Terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms constitute 'significant new 
factors' and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the publication of which would in turn trigger the investors' right to withdraw their acceptances within a period 
of two (2) Business Days.] 
 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the first Tranche was 
issued pursuant to a previous Base Prospectus. This could arise in circumstances where, for example, the Final Terms 
for the original tranche included information which is no longer permitted to be included in Final Terms under the 
Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance issued by ESMA.] 
 
 
 
(1) 
Issuer: 
de Volksbank N.V.  
 
 
 
(2) 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ]  
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[[insert 
date]/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert date]].] 
 
 
 
(3) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
(4) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[Up to] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] 
 
 
 
(5) 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issuances 
only, if applicable)] 
 
 
 
(6) 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ]  
(Notes may not be issued in denominations less than 
€ 100,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other currency). 
 
(Note – Please use the following sample wording: '[€ 100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€ 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€ 199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [€ 199,000].') 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[ ]

--- Page 146 ---
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 
 
(7) 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/ Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(8) 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
 
 
 
(9) 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[EURIBOR/ Compounded Daily 
€STR/ Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average SOFR/ 
Compounded Daily SONIA] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 
 
(10)
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount.] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Instalment] 
 
 
 
(11)
Change of Interest Basis Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of  
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Basis Option Period: 
[ ] Business Days 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Change of Interest Basis 
Option Period Date: 
[ ]/Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating 
Rate][EURIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average SOFR/ 
Compounded Daily SONIA] +/- [ ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating 
Rate][EURIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average SOFR/ 
Compounded Daily SONIA] +/- [ ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
 
 
(12)
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call (only if Condition 9(d) (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes) applies)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 147 ---
(13)
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred/Senior 
Preferred 
MREL/Senior 
Non-
Preferred/Subordinated [Tier 2] Notes] 
 
 
 
(14)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers: 
[insert names and addresses/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[insert names and addresses/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
 
(15)
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ 
] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
 
[From (and including) [ ] up to (but excluding) [ ]] [[ ]per cent. 
per annum] [the aggregate of [spread of issuance of [ ] ] per 
cent. and the Mid Swap Rate [per annum] [determined by the 
Agent] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date [from (and including) [ ] up to (but 
excluding) [ ]].] 
 
["Mid Swap Rate" means the annual mid swap rate for [Euro] 
[US dollar] swap transactions with a maturity of [ ] years, 
expressed as a percentage, displayed on Reuters screen 
page as [ICESWAP2][ ]11 (or such other page as may replace 
that page on Reuters, or such other service as may be 
designated by the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] in consultation with 
the Issuer)] at [ ] [a.m./p.m.] ([ ] time) on the [second] Business 
Day prior to [ ].] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period:  
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
-  Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/No adjustment/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
 
 
-  Adjustment or Unadjustment 
for Interest Period: 
[Adjusted] or [Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
11 Dealers to indicate which other mid swap rates are commonly used.

--- Page 148 ---
- Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal duration. 
 
NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
 
 
 
(16)
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[ ][only applicable if no Specified Interest Payment Dates are 
set out] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
-  Business Day Convention:  
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day Convention/No 
adjustment/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
- 
Adjustment or Unadjustment 
for Interest Period: 
[Adjusted] or [Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
  
-  Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ Compounded Daily €STR/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/ Weighted Average SOFR/ Compounded Daily SONIA[ 
]]  
 
 
-  Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] [London Banking Days / United States Government 
Securities Business Days / TARGET Settlement Days] [prior 
to the [end][start] of each] [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]

--- Page 149 ---
(the second day on which T2 is operating prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or any other inter-bank 
offered rate prevailing in a country in which T2 does not apply) 
 
 
-  Observation Method:  
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where Lock-out date 
means the date 5 [London Banking Days][United States 
Government Securities Business Days][TARGET Settlement 
Days] prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
-  Observation Look-back 
Period:  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement Days]/[United States Government Securities 
Business Days] 
(being no less than 5 TARGET Settlement Days or 5 United 
States Government Securities Business Days): 
 
 
-  Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]  
 
(subject to the fallback provisions set out in Condition 7(d) 
(Replacement Reference Rate))  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
-  Relevant Time:  
[ ] (For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/ Amsterdam time) 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
-  ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]
 
-  Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
-  Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
(a Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
- Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Floating Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) Actual/365 (Fixed) Actual/360 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[●] Applicable Business 
Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 150 ---
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[IOS Compounding]] 
 
(17)
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
(18)
Dual Currency Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[Give details] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Person at whose option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
(19)
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, administrator legal 
name], as administrator of [specify benchmark][repeat as 
necessary] [is / are] not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation] OR [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that 
[legal name of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 151 ---
(20)
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s):  
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions):  
[ ] days (N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
 
 
 
(21)
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[ ] days (N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
 
 
(22)
Final Redemption Amount  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
 
(23)
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons[, 
redemption for illegality reasons[ or 
on event of default and/or the method 
of calculating the same (if required): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(24)
Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[ALAC Event:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 152 ---
(25)
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland 
only in the limited circumstances, as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) (as 
amended from time to time)]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is not exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.]* 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
and after the Exchange Date.]** 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event [and in case 
of a Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland only in the limited circumstances, as described in 
the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) (as amended from time to time)]] 
 
[Permanent Global Note not exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes]*** 
 
 
 
(26)
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Please refer to item 39(v) if applicable] 
 
 
 
(27)
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which items 15(ii) and 
16(ii) relate) 
 
 
 
(28)
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes (give details) /No] 
 
 
 
(29)
Details relating to Instalment Notes; 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Applicable (give details)/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(30)
Redenomination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(i) Day Count Fraction applicable to 
Redenomination calculation: 
 
 
[ ] 
(31)
Taxation 
Whether Condition 10 first paragraph 
under a) of the Notes applies (in which 
case Condition 9(b)(i) (Redemption for 
tax reasons) of the Notes will not 
apply) or whether Condition 10 first 
paragraph under (b) of the Notes 
applies (in which case Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons) of the 
Notes will apply): 
[Condition 10 first paragraph under a) applies and Condition 
9(b)(i) (Redemption for tax reasons) does not apply] [Condition 
10 first paragraph under b) applies and Condition 9(b) applies]

--- Page 153 ---
OTHER PROVISIONS 
 
 
 
(32)
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C rules: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
 
(33)
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Applicable (give legal name)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(34)
Listing: 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market] 
with effect from [___], [Not Applicable].  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) [___]] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Green Exchange: 
[Application has been made for display to the Luxembourg 
Green Exchange] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(35)
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been rated/are expected to 
be rated]: 
 
[Moody's France SAS: 
[ ]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[ ]] 
 
[Other]]: 
 
 
 
[and endorsed by [insert details including full legal name of 
credit rating agency/ies]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the EU and [has]/[have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant competent authority]].  
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").]  
  
 
 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] not 
established in the EU or in the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation nor by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 154 ---
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]  
 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
endorsed by [Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]  
 
 
 
(36)
Notification: 
The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the "AFM") [has been 
requested to provide/has provided – include first alternative for 
an issuance which is contemporaneous with [the update of] 
the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issuances] the [names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a notification that the Base Prospectus 
(including any supplements thereto) has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
 
(37)
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons 
Involved in the Issue: 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. – Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
 
 
 
(38)
Yield 
(Fixed 
Rate 
Notes 
only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
 
 
(39)
Operational Information: 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
WKN Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
FSIN Code: 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Other relevant code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
New Global Note intended to 
be held in a manner which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 155 ---
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the international central securities depositories as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
[Offer Period: 
[The offer of the Notes is expected to open at [ ] hours ([ ] time) 
on [ ] and close at [ ] hours ([ ] time) on [ ] or such earlier or 
later date or time as the Issuer may determine, following 
consultation with the relevant Dealer where practical,] (and 
announce])] [If not applicable, delete this sub-paragraph]] 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear Nederland 
/ other alternative clearing system] 
 
 
 
(40)
Names and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(41)
Name and address of Additional 
paying agent (if any):  
 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(42)
Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes][specify other] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for the offer are different from general corporate 
purposes, will need to include those reasons here. If proceeds 
are intended for more than one use, will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds are insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding. 
If the Notes are Green Bonds, further specify herein the 
relevant eligibility criteria and the connection with the de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework (e.g. definition of Eligible 
Green Loan/ Portfolio) (or equivalent terms). 
 
 
 
[Any post-issuance information in relation to Green Bonds can 
be obtained from https://[ ]] 
 
 
Responsibility 
The Issuer declares that, the information contained herein is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these 
Final Terms. [[Insert third party information] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 156 ---
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised   
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
* 
Do not use for Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland. 
** 
If selected in combination with Euroclear Nederland as clearing system, further legal advice is required. 
*** 
Do not use for Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Applicable Terms and Conditions to be attached –

--- Page 157 ---
CHAPTER 3 
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
"€STR" 
means the euro short-term rate (€STR) as administered by the ECB (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate) published by the ECB (or 
any other person which takes over the publication of that rate). 
 
"€STR Reference Rate" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(b)(ii)(b) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR). 
 
"403-guarantee" 
means a guarantee as referred to in Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
 
"48(7) 
BRRD 
Implementation Bill" 
means the bill on the Dutch implementation of loss-absorption and recapitalisation 
capacity for credit institutions and investment firms, providing for among other things 
the implementation of article 48(7) BRRD. 
 
"Additional 
Tier 
1 
Capital" 
means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or 
successor term) under the CRD requirements by the Competent Authority for the 
purposes of the Issuer. 
 
"AFM" 
 
means the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten). 
 
"Agency Agreement" 
 
means the agency agreement originally dated 19 October 2015, as most recently 
amended and restated on 12 October 2023 and entered into between the Issuer, 
the Agent and the Paying Agent, as the same may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated and/or novated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. 
 
"Agent" 
means BIL, or its successor or successors. 
 
"ALAC" 
 
means additional loss absorbing capacity ratio (or such similar nomenclature) used 
by S&P. 
 
"ALAC Event" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"AML" 
means anti-money laundering laws. 
 
"AML Directive" 
means Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes 
of money laundering or terrorist financing, amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, and repealing Directive 2005/60/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directive 
2006/70/EC. 
 
"AML Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2015/847 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2015 on information accompanying transfers of funds and repealing 
Regulation (EC) No 1781/2006. 
 
"Applicable Resolution 
Framework" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and 
Recapitalisation of Notes). 
 
"Arranger" 
means Rabobank, or its successor or successors.

--- Page 158 ---
"Article 108 Amending 
Directive" 
 
means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. 
 
"Audit Committee" 
 
means the audit committee of the Issuer. 
"Banking Code" 
means the revised banking code (Code Banken) published by the Dutch Banking 
Association in October 2014 and effective as of 1 January 2015 as lastly amended 
in 2021. 
 
"Basel Committee" 
means the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
 
"Basel III Reforms" 
means the Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017. 
 
"Base Prospectus" 
means this base prospectus dated 12 October 2023. 
 
"Benchmark Event" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate). 
 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds. 
 
"BIL" 
 
means Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
"BRRD" 
 
means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms. 
 
"Business Day" 
means a day which is both: 
 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
  
(b) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and any Additional 
Business Centre which, if the Specified Currency is (a) Australian dollars, shall 
be Sydney, (b) New Zealand dollars, shall be Wellington, (c) Hong Kong 
dollars, shall be Hong Kong and (d) Japanese yen, shall be Tokyo or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is operating. In these 
Conditions, "T2" means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system. 
 
"Calculation Amount" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Calculation Period" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition (c)7(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes). 
 
"Capital Event" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"CET1" 
means Common Tier Equity 1. 
 
"Clearstream, 
Luxembourg" 
means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme.

--- Page 159 ---
"Code" 
 
means the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. 
"Competent Authority" 
means the ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority or governmental body 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer, or, as the case may be, a Resolution Authority. In relation to any Reference 
Rate, a reference to Competent Authority is to be understood as a reference to the 
regulatory authority supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate.  
 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR). 
 
"Conditions" 
 
means in respect of a Series or Tranche the Terms and Conditions as 
supplemented, amended and/or disapplied by the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Convertibility Event" 
 
means the determination by the national government of the country in the currency 
of which the Notes were issued, that such currency is substituted by another 
currency. 
 
"Couponholder" 
means the holder of a Coupon. 
 
"Coupons" 
 
means the coupons appertaining to the Notes. 
"COVID-19" 
means the coronavirus disease 2019. 
 
"CRA Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended). 
 
"CRD" 
means the CRR and CRD Directive. 
 
"CRD Capital Event" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"CRD Directive" 
means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms. 
 
"CRR" 
means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
 
"DDPA" 
means Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens). 
 
"Dealer(s)" 
 
means Rabobank and/or any other dealer appointed to the Programme or for a 
particular Tranche of Notes pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
 
"Dealership Agreement" 
 
means the dealership agreement originally dated 19 October 2015, as most recently 
amended and restated on 12 October 2023 and entered into between the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Initial Dealer, as the same may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated and/or novated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. 
 
"Definitive Notes" 
 
means Notes in definitive form in respect of any Series of Notes. 
"Deposit 
Guarantee 
Scheme" 
 
means the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel). 
"de Volksbank" 
means de Volksbank N.V.

--- Page 160 ---
"de Volksbank's Green 
Bond Framework" 
 
means the Issuer's green bond framework dated September 2023, available at 
https://static.devolksbank.nl/files/Green-Bond-Framework-de-Volksbank-
2023.pdf?v=1696571330, as amended from time to time. 
 
"de Volksbank Group" 
 
means the Issuer and/or any member of the group formed by de Volksbank N.V. 
and its subsidiaries (dochtermaatschappijen). 
 
"DNB" 
 
means the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.).  
"DORA" 
means the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on digital operational resilience for the financial sector. 
 
"Dual Currency Note" 
 
means a Note in respect of which payments of interest and/or principal (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) will be made in any other currency than the Specified 
Currency. Such currency or currencies and the Rate of Exchange used to calculate 
payments of interest or principal will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Dutch Civil Code" 
means the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek) as amended from time to time. 
 
"Early 
Redemption 
Amount" 
 
means an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption 
Amounts). 
"EBA" 
means the European Banking Authority. 
 
"EBA Stress Test" 
means the EU-wide stress test exercise conducted by the EBA. 
 
"ECB" 
means the European Central Bank. 
 
"EEA" 
 
means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligibility Criteria" 
 
means the eligibility criteria, as described in de Volksbank's Green Bond 
Framework, and as amended from time to time. 
 
"EMIR" 
 
means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories. 
 
"EMMI" 
means the European Money Markets Institute. 
 
"EMU" 
means the Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
"ESG" 
means environmental, social and governance. 
 
"ESG Factors" 
means environmental, social and governance factors. 
 
 
"ESMA" 
means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
 
"EU" 
means the European Union. 
 
"EU Banking Reforms" 
means the banking reform package including amendments to the CRD, the BRRD 
and the SRM Regulation. 
 
"EU MiFID II" 
means Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments. 
 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 
26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products.

--- Page 161 ---
"EURIBOR" 
means the Eurozone inter-bank offered rate. 
 
"euro" 
means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the EU Treaty. 
 
"Euroclear" 
 
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV or its successor or successors as operator of the 
Euroclear System. 
 
"Euroclear Nederland" 
 
means Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
"European Green Bond 
Standard" 
means the proposal for a regulation to create a 'European Green Bond Standard', 
as published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021. 
 
"Eurosystem" 
 
means the central banking system for the euro. 
 
"Eurozone" 
means the region comprised of the Member States that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957) as amended. 
 
"EU 
Taxonomy 
Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 on sustainability related disclosures in the financial services 
sector. 
 
"EU Treaty" 
 
means the treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
"EUWA" 
 
means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
"Event of Default" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT). 
"Exchange Date" 
means the date, not earlier than forty (40) days (nor (if the Temporary Global Note 
has been deposited with Euroclear Nederland) more than ninety (90) days) after the 
issue date of the Notes on which interest in the Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge) upon request as described therein, either for interests 
in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, interest coupons or talons, or for 
Definitive Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the 
Notes are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions) against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described in section 1.5 (Form of the Notes) unless such certification 
has already been given. 
 
"Exchange Event" 
 
means that (i) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of fourteen (14) 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention to cease business permanently or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available or (ii) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition12 (EVENTS OF DEFAULT) occur or (iii) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 10 
(TAXATION) of which would not be required were the Notes represented in 
definitive form. 
 
"Executive Board" 
 
means the executive board of the Issuer, consisting of statutory members. 
"Executive Committee" 
means the executive committee of the Issuer, consisting of statutory and non-
statutory members. 
 
"FCA" 
means the Financial Conduct Authority. 
 
"Federal Reserve" 
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

--- Page 162 ---
"Final Terms" 
means any duly completed final terms in the form as set out in section 2.2 (Form of 
Final Terms) of this Base Prospectus. 
 
"Fitch"  
 
means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
 
"Fixed Rate Note" 
 
means any Note to which a Fixed Rate of Interest applies as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Fixed 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest" 
 
means the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Floating Rate Note" 
 
means any Note to which a Floating Rate of Interest applies as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Floating 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest" 
 
means the Floating Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"FSMA" 
 
means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
"GDP" 
means Dutch gross domestic product. 
 
"GDPR" 
means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of 
personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation). 
  
"Global Notes" 
means any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note.  
 
"Green Bonds" 
means Notes issued under the Programme where the net proceeds from an offer of 
Notes will be used for the financing and/or refinancing, in part or in whole, an Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio under the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework, in 
accordance with certain prescribed Eligibility Criteria. For the purpose of Green 
Bonds, unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to Notes in this Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to include a reference to Green Bonds. 
 
"IBORs" 
means interbank offered rates. 
 
"ICMA" 
means the International Capital Market Association. 
 
"ICMA 
Green 
Bond 
Principles" 
means the green bond principles, social bond principles and sustainability bond 
guidelines, as applicable, prepared and published by ICMA on its website 
(www.icmagroup.org), as of June 2019, as the same may be amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated and/or novated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. 
 
"ICSDs" 
 
means one of the International Central Securities Depositories. 
"IFRS" 
means the relevant International Financial Reporting Standards set by the IFRS 
Foundation and the International Accounting Standards Board.  
 
"Initial Dealer" 
means Rabobank. 
 
"Interest 
Commencement Date" 
 
means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Determination 
Date" 
means the applicable interest determination date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
"Interest Payment Date" 
 
means the applicable interest payment date(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Investor's Currency" 
 
means the principal denominated currency or currency unit of an investor's financial 
activities.  
 
"ISDA'' 
 
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"ISDA Definitions" 
 
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA, as applicable. 
 
"Issue Date" 
 
means the issue date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Issuer" 
 
means de Volksbank. 
"KiFiD" 
means Complaint Institute for Financial Services (Klachteninstituut Financiële 
Dienstverlening). 
 
"LIBOR" 
means the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate. 
 
"Listing Agent" 
means BIL, in its capacity of listing agent in respect of Notes listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or its successor or successors. 
 
"LRE" 
means leverage ratio exposure. 
 
"Margin" 
 
means the relevant margin (if any) relating to a floating rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Margin. 
 
"Maturity Date" 
 
means the date of maturity of the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Member States" 
 
means the Member States of the European Union. 
"Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest" 
means the minimum rate of interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(which may not be less than zero) or if no such rate is stated the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed zero.  
 
"Moody's" 
 
means Moody's France SAS. 
 
"MREL" 
means minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
 
"MREL 
Eligible 
Liabilities" 
 
means liabilities which are eligible to meet any MREL requirement, applicable to the 
Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under the MREL Regulations, 
such as eligible liabilities as referred to in CRR. 
 
"MREL Event" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"MREL Regulations" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in in Condition 9(d) (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes). 
 
"MREL Requirement" 
 
refers to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (as referred 
to in Article 12 of the SRM Regulation), the TLAC and/or any similar requirement, 
as each may be amended from time to time, including any amendments or additional 
requirements in connection with the implementation of the TLAC standard in EU law 
(or Dutch law implementing said EU law), that is or may become applicable to the 
Issuer (whether on an individual or consolidated basis), and including any 
subordination requirement that may become applicable to the Issuer pursuant to a

--- Page 164 ---
decision of the Resolution Authority.  
 
"New Currency" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION). 
 
"NGN-form" 
means the new global note form. 
 
"NLFI" 
means the NL Financial Investments (Stichting administratiekantoor beheer 
financiële instellingen). 
 
"Non-Viability Event" 
means an event where the Issuer would be deemed no longer viable (or one or 
more other conditions as set out in Article 21 SRM Regulation apply to the Issuer). 
 
"Noteholders" 
 
means the holders for the time being of the Notes. 
"Notes" 
means the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes, the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noted or Subordinated Notes, as applicable. 
 
"Notification" 
means a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
"Old Currency" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 6 (REDENOMINATION). 
 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Amount" 
means the optional redemption amount(s) (if any) of the Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Paying Agents" 
 
means the Principal Paying Agent and any paying agent appointed under the 
Agency Agreement. 
 
"Permanent 
Global 
Note" 
 
means a permanent global Note in respect of a Series without interest coupons 
attached. 
"Principal 
Paying 
Agent" 
 
means BIL. 
"Programme" 
 
means the € 25,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer. 
 
"Prospectus 
Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71 and includes any commission delegated regulation thereunder. 
 
"PSD II" 
means Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market, amending Directives 
2002/65/EC, 2009/110/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, 
and repealing Directive 2007/64/EC. 
 
"Rabobank" 
means Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
"Rate of Exchange" 
means the exchange rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Rate of Interest" 
means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
 
"Recapitalisation" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and 
Recapitalisation of Notes). 
 
"Receiptholder" 
 
means the holder of a Receipt.

--- Page 165 ---
"Receipts" 
 
means any principal receipts appertaining to the Notes of any Series or, as the 
context may require, a specific number thereof and includes any replacement 
Receipts issued pursuant to Condition 13 (REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, 
RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS). 
 
"Reference Rate" 
means EURIBOR, €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, 
SONIA, Mid Swap Rate, Rate of Exchange or another benchmark as well as any 
substitute, alternative or successor rate determined in accordance with Condition 
(c)7(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest) or Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate), as 
applicable, including the applicable tenor and currency. 
 
"RegioBank" 
means RegioBank N.V. 
 
"Regulation S" 
means the Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" 
 
means such page, section, caption or column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Replacement 
Reference Rate" 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(d) (Replacement Reference Rate). 
 
 
"Resolution Authority" 
means the SRB, the ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority or governmental 
body having the power to impose resolution measures. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in case of certain measures pursuant to Part 6 of the Wft, the Resolution Authority 
is the Dutch Minister of Finance. 
 
"Resolution Event" 
means the event when the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the 
other resolution conditions (as set out in Article 18 SRM Regulation) would also be 
met. 
 
"RWA" 
means risk-weighted assets. 
 
"S&P" 
 
 
means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
"Second Party Opinion" 
means an independent second party opinion issued by ICS dated 29 September 
2023, confirming that the de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework is in line with the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
 
"Securities Act" 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
"Senior Claims" 
means (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits 
that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank equally to or lower 
than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the 
repayment of borrowed money, (c) other unsubordinated claims, (d) subordinated 
claims that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank in priority to 
the Subordinated Notes and (e) (other) excluded liabilities' within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
"Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Noteholder" 
 
means the holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
"Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes" 
 
means senior non-preferred notes and the related Receipts and Coupons issued by 
the Issuer that constitute any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have 
a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) 
and shall at all times rank (i) pari passu without any preference among the Senior

--- Page 166 ---
Non-Preferred Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons and with 
all other present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated, unguaranteed and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning 
of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other 
provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the 
Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other than those obligations 
that in accordance with or by operation of applicable law rank either in priority or 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (ii) senior to Subordinated Notes and (iii) 
in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL Notes and unsubordinated obligations 
ranking pari passu to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes (and those obligations that in accordance with or by operation of applicable 
law rank in priority of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred MREL Notes) 
and (other) excluded liabilities' within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
“Senior Preferred MREL 
Noteholder” 
means the holder of a Senior Preferred MREL Note.  
 
 
"Senior Preferred MREL 
Notes" 
 
means Senior Preferred MREL Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons issued 
by the Issuer that constitute unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and that rank pari passu without any preference among the 
Senior Preferred MREL Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons 
and with all other present and future unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Preferred 
Notes) save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior in accordance 
with or by operation of applicable law and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The Senior Preferred MREL Notes 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
"Senior 
Preferred 
Noteholder" 
 
means the holder of a Senior Preferred Note. 
“Senior Preferred Notes” 
 
means Senior Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among the Senior Preferred Notes themselves 
and the related Receipts and Coupons with all other present and future unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Senior Preferred MREL Notes), save for those preferred or 
otherwise ranking junior or senior in accordance with or by operation of applicable 
law and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
 
"Series" 
 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of the original 
Tranche and the terms of which are identical (save for the Issue Date and/or the 
Interest Commencement Date but including as to whether or not the Notes are 
listed). 
 
"Set-off Repayment" 
 
has 
the 
meaning 
ascribed 
thereto 
in 
Condition 
3 
(STATUS 
AND 
CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED MREL NOTES). 
 
"SME" 
means small and medium enterprises. 
 
"SOFR" 
 
means Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
"SONIA" 
means Sterling Over Night Index Average.

--- Page 167 ---
"Specified Currency" 
 
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified 
Denomination" 
 
means the denomination of the Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"SRB" 
means, the European Single Resolution Board. 
 
"SRM" 
means the single resolution mechanism established by the SRM Regulation. 
 
"SRM Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation 
(EU) No 1093/2010 (Single Resolution Mechanism) and as amended from time to 
time. 
 
"SSM" 
means Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
 
"SSM SREP" 
means SSM Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process. 
 
"Stabilising Manager" 
 
means the appointed stabilising manager in connection with the relevant issue of 
Notes. 
 
"Statutory 
Loss 
Absorption" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 9(j) (Statutory Loss Absorption and 
Recapitalisation of Notes). 
"Stub Amount" 
 
means a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination. 
"Subordinated 
Noteholder" 
 
has 
the 
meaning 
ascribed 
thereto 
in 
Condition 
5 
(STATUS 
AND 
CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED NOTES). 
"Subordinated Notes" 
 
means (a) subordinated notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank as described in 
Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED 
NOTES) and (b) subordinated notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured, 
unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank as described in 
Condition 5 (STATUS AND CHARACTERISTICS RELATING TO SUBORDINATED 
NOTES). 
 
"Substituted Debtor" 
means any directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer which 
replaces or substitutes the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
relative Coupons subject to and in accordance with Condition (c)19 
(SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER). 
 
"Supervisory Board" 
means the supervisory board of the Issuer. 
 
"T2" 
 
means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system. 
 
"Talons" 
 
means, if indicated in the Final Terms, talons for further Coupons. 
"TARGET 
Settlement 
Day" 
 
means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

--- Page 168 ---
"Temporary 
Global 
Note" 
 
means a temporary global note in respect of a Series of Notes without interest 
coupons attached. 
"Terms and Conditions" 
 
means the terms and conditions set forth in section 2.1 (Terms and Conditions) of 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" 
means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 capital under the CRD 
requirements by the Competent Authority for the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
"Tier 2 Notes" 
 
means Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital. 
"TLAC" 
means total loss absorbing capacity. 
 
"Tranche " 
means a tranche of a Series. 
 
"UK" 
means the United Kingdom. 
 
"UK CRA Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018. 
 
"UK 
MiFIR 
Product 
Governance Rules" 
means the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook. 
 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
  
"UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation" 
 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
"WDCCI" 
means write-down and conversion of capital instruments tool. 
 
"Weighted 
Average 
SOFR" 
 
has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(b)(ii)(c) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR) 
 
"Wft" 
means the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). 
 
"Wge" 
means the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer). 
 
"Zero Coupon Notes" 
 
means Notes, which will not bear interest except in the case of late payment.

--- Page 169 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
de Volksbank N.V. 
Croeselaan 1 
3521 BJ Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENTS 
 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg SA 
69 Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
 
To the Issuer (as to Dutch law) 
NautaDutilh N.V. 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
To the Dealer (as to Dutch law) 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150  
1083 HP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 170 ---
ARRANGER 
 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEALER 
 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands