--- Page 1 ---
50116038 M 32582256 / 84 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 14 October 2021 
 
 
 
 
de Volksbank N.V. 
(incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited liability 
company and having its corporate seat in Utrecht, the Netherlands) 
 
 
€ 25,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under this € 25,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") de Volksbank N.V. (the "Issuer") may 
from time to time issue Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (each of these 
notes as defined in the terms and conditions of the notes (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), and together 
the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below), 
if any. As set out herein, the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme issued by the Issuer will not exceed € 25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
calculated as described herein).  
 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified below and any additional Dealer appointed 
in respect of Notes under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees 
or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of those 
Notes. Notes may be distributed by way of public offers or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each relevant series of Notes (a "Series"), or tranche thereof 
(a "Tranche"), will be specified in the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
 
This document constitutes the base prospectus dated 14 October 2021 of the Issuer (the "Base Prospectus") in 
respect of non-equity securities, within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and is issued in replacement of the base prospectus dated 15 October 2020, which does not affect 
any notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic 
form on the website of the Issuer at https://www.devolksbank.nl on 14 October 2021. 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Rabobank 
Dealer 
Rabobank 
 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for a period of up to 12 months from the date of approval by the AFM 
and shall expire on 14 October 2022, at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply 
upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
The full terms and conditions of each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer are constituted by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as set out in full in this Base Prospectus in chapter 2, Part 1 which terms and conditions 
constitute the basis of all Notes to be offered under the Programme, together with the Final Terms applicable to the 
relevant issue of Notes, which complete the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in the manner required to reflect 
the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series or Tranche. The Notes of each Tranche will 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note (as 
defined below) which will be deposited on the issue date thereof either (i) with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Nederland"). See 'Form of the Notes'. 
 
The Issuer may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes will be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, in which case a supplementary prospectus, a new base prospectus or a drawdown 
prospectus, if required, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes and which will be subject to the prior approval of the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the "AFM"). 
 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext 
Amsterdam"), the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. In addition, the Notes may, in accordance with 
applicable rules and regulations, be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
("Luxembourg Stock Exchange") or other EEA stock exchanges. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes under 
the Programme. 
 
Notes that are issued with a Specified Denomination of € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount in excess thereof 
will not be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam until the Issuer has made itself aware that Notes 
that are purported to have a minimum denomination of € 100,000 plus one or more higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount in excess thereof can only be traded in such amount or any amount in excess thereof (for 
example € 101,000 or € 102,000). 
 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and the Notes are described in the chapter headed ‘The Issuer.', section "Rating 
Agencies".  
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's") are established in the European Union (the "EU") and each of them is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").  
 
The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes, if applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not a credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation or established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"), will in each case be disclosed in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the securities. 
 
The Issuer has requested the AFM to provide the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier, with a certificate of approval (a "Notification") attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 25 Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the 
AFM to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the European Economic Area (the "EEA") 
with a Notification. 
 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus (other than the 
hyperlinks contained in the section 'Documents Incorporated by reference') does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM.  
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
EU MIFID II product governance / target market: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the manufacturer('s/s') target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer('s/s') 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer('s/s') target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each

--- Page 4 ---
4 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Arranger and/or any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer under the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risk 
factors described under chapter 1 'Risk Factors' in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark under the EU regulation on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (EU 2016/1011) 
("EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate 
will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that an administrator and/or a benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administers and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator or benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and with 
the documents incorporated by reference herein (which can be found on the website of the Issuer, 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/investor-relations/debt-information/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes, 
and may be obtained by contacting the Issuer by telephone (+31 30 2914246/ +31 30 2914807) or by e-mail: 
jacob.bosscha@devolksbank.nl and davey.hak@devolksbank.nl) and together with the applicable Final Terms 
relating to the specific Tranches.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................................... 6 
CHAPTER 1: INFORMATION RELATING TO THE DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME AND THE ISSUER .... 28 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 28 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 28 
CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS ................................................................................................................ 66 
THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................................................... 70 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 87 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 92 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 95 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................... 97 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 101 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 105 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 107 
CHAPTER 2: NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER ............................................................................................. 109 
PART 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................... 109 
PART 2: FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 167

--- Page 6 ---
6 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the parties and the principal features of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, and must be read as an 
introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of this 
Base Prospectus as a whole, including any amendment and/or supplement hereto and the documents incorporated 
by reference herein. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes and the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. Prospective 
investors should consider, among other things, the following. 
 
Issuer: 
de Volksbank N.V. is incorporated under Dutch law 
as a public limited liability company (naamloze 
vennootschap) and has its corporate seat in 
Utrecht and is registered with the Commercial 
Register of the Chamber of Commerce under 
number 16062330. Its registered address is 
Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ Utrecht, the Netherlands. 
The telephone number is +31 (0)30 291 5200. 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes, that are specific to the Issuer and/or the 
Notes and which are material for taking an informed 
investment decision. These are set out under 'Risk 
Factors' in chapter 1 'Risk Factors' of this Base 
Prospectus and include, amongst others, the fact 
that the Issuer's results can be adversely affected 
by the following categories of risk factors: 
 
Risk factors regarding the Issuer 
 
A. 
Risks related to the issuer's financial 
situation; 
B. 
Risks related to the issuer's business 
activities and industry; 
C. 
Legal and regulatory risk; 
D. 
Internal control risk; and  
E. 
Environmental, social and governance 
risks. 
 
Risk factors regarding the Notes 
 
A. 
Risks related to the nature of a particular 
issue of Notes; 
B. 
Risks related to Notes generally; and  
C. 
Risks related to the admission of the 
securities to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer. 
 
Arranger: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
 
Dealers: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., and any additional 
Dealers appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
Regulatory Matters: 
Notes in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see 'Subscription 
and Sale' below). 
 
Agent: 
 
Paying Agents: 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA ("BIL") 
 
The Agent and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
 
Amsterdam Paying Agent:  
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
The Issuer or another Listing Agent 
 
 
Size: 
Subject as set out herein, the maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme issued by the 
Issuer will not exceed € 25,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency calculated as 
described herein). The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Dealership Agreement (as defined 
below). 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offers or 
private placements and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, such currencies as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
including, without limitation, Australian dollars, 
Canadian dollars, Danish kroner, euro, Hong Kong 
dollars, pound sterling, Swiss francs, United States 
dollars and Japanese yen.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Maturities: 
Any 
maturity, 
subject 
to 
applicable 
laws, 
regulations and restrictions and subject, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, 
to a minimum maturity of five years. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over par. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) initially be 
represented by a global Note (a "Global Note").  
 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in the form of a new Global Note (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), being a classic Global 
Note (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date 
either (i) with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system or (ii) with Euroclear 
Nederland, and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
The temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
as described therein for, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either a permanent Global 
Note or definitive Notes upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions, including, in the case of a temporary 
Global Note where the issue is subject to TEFRA D 
selling restrictions, upon certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. A permanent Global Note (other than 
a permanent global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland) is exchangeable for definitive Notes 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
as described in 'Form of the Notes' below. Delivery 
(uitlevering) of definitive Notes represented by a 
Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland 
shall only be possible in the limited circumstances 
as described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer, "Wge") (as 
amended from time to time) and such delivery will 
be made in accordance with the Wge and the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Nederland (as 
amended from time to time). Any interest in a 
Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
either (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) 
Euroclear Nederland, as appropriate. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 10 ---
10
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest either at (i) a 
rate determined on the same basis as the floating 
rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series) or (ii) on the basis 
of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service or on such 
other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, being EURIBOR, €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average 
SOFR, SONIA, or by the use of Mid Swap Rate (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms), Rate of 
Exchange (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) or another benchmark. If the 
Reference Rate has been discontinued or another 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, the Rate of 
Interest on the Notes may be determined for the 
relevant period by reference to a substitute, 
alternative or successor rate, in accordance with 
the fallback provisions set out in Condition 6(d) 
applicable to such Notes, being the Replacement 
Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate, the rate of interest may ultimately 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the Benchmark Event 
occurred, which may ultimately result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate to what was 
previously a Floating Rate Note. 
 
The Margin (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Specified Interest Period(s)  
or Specified Interest Payment  
Date(s) for Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Such period(s) or date(s) as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in 
such currencies, and based on such rates of 
exchange, as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11
 
Other provisions in relation 
to Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (if any) (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount or at a premium to their nominal amount 
or at par and will not bear interest other than in the 
case of late payment. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that 
the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specific instalments, if 
applicable, or for tax reasons or if having Notes 
outstanding or making payments on the Notes 
becomes unlawful as described in Condition 8(b) of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes 
respectively, or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer and/or the Noteholders on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period, if any, as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such terms as are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Redemption may be 
subject to prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority and certain other conditions, 
as set out further in Condition 8.

--- Page 12 ---
12
Redemption for regulatory purposes: 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence 
of a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 8(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) redeem the 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has 
notified the relevant Subordinated Noteholders on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice, or such other period of notice as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
15. 
Additionally, 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to 
(i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 
CRR, which may include requiring the replacement 
of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at 
such time. The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together 
with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the 
date of redemption.  
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Event (as defined in Condition 8(d) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) redeem the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but 
not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
Condition 15. Additionally,

--- Page 13 ---
13
redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, 
is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that it meets the 
conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Senior Preferred 
Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
and/or 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time.

--- Page 14 ---
14
Variation or Substitution: 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
and if a Capital Event and/or a CRR Capital Event 
and/or (if specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined 
in Condition 8(d) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority provided 
that at the relevant time such permission is required 
to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant 
to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such variation or substitution as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at 
such time (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 
to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute 
all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes 
or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant 
with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and/or 
(if the ALAC Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable) are eligible under 
the ALAC (as defined below) of the Issuer. Upon 
the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer 
shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 8(d), as the case may be, provided that 
such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Noteholders.

--- Page 15 ---
15
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Event and/or in respect of 
any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes (if 
ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each 
as defined in Condition 8(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), at its option and at any 
time substitute the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, 
in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
respectively, subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority provided 
that at the relevant time such permission is required 
to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant 
to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such variation or substitution as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time (but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities) in such a way that they 
are eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirement and/or in respect of any Notes other 
than the Senior Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable), are eligible under the ALAC of the 
Issuer (as defined in Condition 8(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, 
or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
Condition 15.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Such variation or substitution shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favourable to the 
interests of holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Following such variation or substitution, the 
resulting securities shall: (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (2) have at 
least the same interest rate and the same interest 
payment dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (3) have the 
same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, (4) preserve any existing 
rights under the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
that qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the interest 
payment date last preceding the date of variation 
or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the 
same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a 
recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred 
Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
and/or 
Subordinated Notes that qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
 
Effectuating a "Regulatory Call" and/or "Variation 
or Substitution" as described in the previous 
paragraphs is subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority provided 
that at the relevant time such permission is required 
to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant 
to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such redemption, variation or substitution as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
MREL Regulations at such time.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Instalments: 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that Notes 
may be repayable in two or more instalments of 
such amounts and on such dates as specified in it. 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
minimum denomination of each Note will be € 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the Notes). 
 
Taxation: 
 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges, unless 
required by applicable law. The applicable Final 
Terms will specify whether or not the Issuer will be 
required to pay certain additional amounts in 
accordance with and subject to certain exceptions 
as provided in Condition 9(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that payments are to be made 
subject to withholding of applicable taxes in 
accordance with Condition 9(a), it will also specify 
that Condition 8(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes will not apply to the Notes.  
 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
 
Cross Default: 
None

--- Page 18 ---
18
Status and Characteristics relating to Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among the 
Senior Preferred Notes themselves and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and with all other present 
and 
future 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred 
or otherwise ranking junior or senior by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law and, in the event 
of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. In the case resolution 
proceedings are commenced in respect of the 
Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the 
aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in 
principle be followed, with the relevant resolution 
powers being exercised in a reverse order of 
priority of claims, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim 
any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Senior Preferred Notes or the 
related Receipts or Coupons. To the extent that any 
Senior Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off 
or netting in respect of any such amount, whether 
by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under 
any applicable law, such Senior Preferred 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an 
amount equal to the amount which purportedly has 
been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off 
Repayment") and no rights can be derived from 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or the related 
Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received 
in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective 
of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-
off or netting by a Senior Preferred Noteholder, 
Receiptholder 
or 
Couponholder 
shall 
be 
exclusively governed by Dutch law.

--- Page 19 ---
19
Events of Default of Senior Preferred Notes are 
restricted to bankruptcy and liquidation and 
repayment following an Event of Default may be 
subject to the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes may qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons constitute any present and 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a 
lower ranking within the meaning of article 212rb of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or 
any other provision implementing Article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 
108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) and 
shall at all times rank (i) pari passu without any 
preference among the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons 
and with all other present and future claims in 
respect 
of 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower 
ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any 
other provision implementing Article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 
108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other 
than those obligations expressed by their terms or 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to 
rank either in priority or junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), (ii) senior to (a) the Issuer's 
ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including any obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital 
or Tier 2 Capital and (b) the Subordinated Notes, 
and (iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of 
the Issuer, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes and 
unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to 
Senior Preferred Notes (and those obligations 
expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law to rank in priority of 
Senior Preferred Notes) and (other) excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR.

--- Page 21 ---
21
As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
against 
the 
Issuer 
are 
subordinated to, (a) the claims of depositors (other 
than in respect of those whose deposits are 
expressed by their terms, subject to applicable law, 
to rank equally to or lower than the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) 
the Senior Preferred Notes and (d) all other present 
and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including 
those expressed by their terms or by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in priority 
over the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (collectively 
"Claims Senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Claims"). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ranking as 
described under (i) and (ii) above will apply in the 
event (a) of the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) of 
the dissolution (ontbinding) of the Issuer as a result 
of its insolvency, and the ranking as described 
under (iii) will apply in the event of the bankruptcy 
of the Issuer. In the case resolution proceedings 
are commenced in respect of the Issuer and 
notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned 
ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, 
with the relevant resolution powers being exercised 
in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to 
certain exceptions.

--- Page 22 ---
22
No 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder may at any time 
exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or 
Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Non-
Preferred 
Noteholder, 
Receiptholder 
or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off 
or netting in respect of any such amount, whether 
by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under 
any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately exercise a Set-off 
Repayment and no rights can be derived from the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related 
Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received 
in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective 
of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-
off 
or 
netting 
by 
a 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall 
be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Events of Default of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
are restricted to bankruptcy and liquidation and 
repayment following an Event of Default may be 
subject to the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of the 
MREL Regulations applicable to the Issuer from 
time to time.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Status and Characteristics relating 
to Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts 
and 
Coupons 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) 
pari passu without any preference among the 
Subordinated Notes themselves and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and with all other present 
and future unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (other than those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to 
rank either in priority or junior to the Subordinated 
Notes) and (ii) junior to those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms to rank in 
priority to the Subordinated Notes and those 
preferred 
by 
mandatory 
and/or 
overriding 
provisions of law. 
 
As a result, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, the claims of Subordinated 
Noteholders against the Issuer are subordinated to 
(a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect 
of those whose deposits are expressed by their 
terms, subject to applicable law, to rank equally to 
or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the 
repayment 
of 
borrowed 
money, 
(c) 
other 
unsubordinated claims and (d) subordinated claims 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes (collectively "Senior Claims"). 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a 
Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be 
made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting 
from Senior Claims have been satisfied.

--- Page 24 ---
24
No Subordinated Noteholder may at any time 
exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising 
under 
or 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Subordinated Notes. To the extent that any 
Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a 
right of set-off or netting in respect of any such 
amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is 
effective 
under 
any 
applicable 
law, 
such 
Subordinated 
Noteholder 
is 
required 
to 
immediately exercise a Set-off Repayment and no 
rights 
can 
be 
derived 
from 
the 
relevant 
Subordinated Notes or the related Receipts or 
Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the 
relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any 
other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-
off or netting by a Subordinated Noteholder shall be 
exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Events of Default of Subordinated Notes are 
restricted to bankruptcy and liquidation and 
repayment following an Event of Default may be 
subject to the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority. 
 
The Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 
Capital ("Tier 2 Notes") for the purposes of the 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time and/or may qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of the MREL 
Regulations applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Indicative overview of the ranking of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and  
Subordinated Notes in bankruptcy and resolution: 
 
 
For illustration purposes only, below is a non-
exhaustive tabular overview of the ranking of the 
Notes among each other and relative to possible 
obligations of the Issuer that may rank senior or junior 
to the Notes.1  This overview does not address 
differences in ranking within classes, contractual or 
non-contractual deviations and other exceptions. The 
fact that reference is made to certain types of notes 
in the overview below does not necessarily entail that 
such notes have been issued by the Issuer and are 
currently outstanding.  
 
Ranking in bankruptcy2 
Obligations preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law3 
Senior debt  
(such as Senior Preferred Notes) 
Senior non-preferred debt  
(such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
Tier 2  
(such as Tier 2 Notes) 
Subordinated debt  
(such as Subordinated 
Notes not being Tier 2 
Notes) 
AT1 
CET1 
 
Ranking in resolution4 
CET1 
AT1 
Tier 2  
(such as Tier 2 Notes) 
Subordinated debt  
(such as Subordinated Notes  
not being Tier 2 Notes) 
Senior non-preferred debt  
(such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
Senior debt  
(such as Senior Preferred Notes) 
Obligations preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law5 
 
 
                                                        
1 The 48(7) Implementation Bill introduces a deviating statutory hierarchy, also see the section Risk Factors – 'Issuances of Subordinated Notes'). 
2 Subject to certain exceptions, see the section Risk Factors – 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event'). 
3 For example, including DGS-deposit obligations and obligations to tax authorities and secured creditors.  
4 Subject to certain exceptions, see the section Risk Factors – 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event'). 
5 For example, including DGS-deposit obligations and obligations to tax authorities and secured creditors.

--- Page 26 ---
26
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation: 
 
 
The Notes may become subject to the determination 
by the Resolution Authority or (acting on the decisions 
and instructions by the Resolution Authority) the 
Issuer that, without the consent of the relevant 
Noteholder, (a) all or part of the nominal amount of 
the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or 
otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to 
write-up by the Resolution Authority ("Statutory Loss 
Absorption"); or (b) all or part of the notional amount 
of the Notes including accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect thereof, must be converted into (claims which 
may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments 
("Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the 
Applicable Resolution Framework Upon any such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be 
written down, reduced or converted into (claims which 
may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments 
or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to 
write-up by the Resolution Authority, as prescribed by 
the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) 
Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of 
the amount so written down or the amount subject to 
conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
 
The Notes will not be subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation if and to the extent the 
Applicable Resolution Framework is not deemed to 
apply retrospectively with respect to such Notes 
and/or the Issuer.  
 
In addition, subject to the determination by the 
Resolution Authority and without the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the 
Applicable Resolution Framework. 
 
Ratings: 
 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and certain Notes are 
described in the chapter headed 'The Issuer', section 
'Rating Agencies'.

--- Page 27 ---
27
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, its expected rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency without prior notice.  
 
Listing: 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam and/or 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or other EEA stock 
exchanges. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The 
Final Terms relating to each issue will state whether 
or not the Notes are to be listed and, if so, on which 
exchange(s). 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Dutch law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the EEA, 
UK, Japan and the United States, Zero Coupon Notes 
and there may be other selling restrictions in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Series or Tranche of Notes. See 'Subscription and 
Sale' below.

--- Page 28 ---
28
CHAPTER 1: INFORMATION RELATING TO THE DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME AND THE ISSUER  
 
1.1. RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these 
risk factors and events are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express 
a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with the Issuer and the Notes are also described below.  
 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the 
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually materialising, of 
the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the Issuer's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described 
below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have 
been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors 
should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section.  
 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not 
presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, 
prove to be important and may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's group business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors should carefully read and review the entire Base 
Prospectus and should form their own views before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own 
stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the 
risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the prospective 
investor's personal circumstances.  
 
Definitions used in this chapter 'Risk Factors' shall have the meanings given thereto in the relevant risk factor and/or 
the definitions list at the end of this chapter, which has been included for ease of reading this chapter. 
 
1.1.1 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER  
 
A. Risks related to the issuer's financial situation 
 
1. The Issuer faces substantial funding and liquidity risk  
 
The Issuer's primary sources of funding are customer deposits and wholesale funding. Customer deposits are 
currently the main funding source of the Issuer. The amount of such deposits can be volatile and future amounts 
cannot be predicted with complete certainty. During the COVID-19 crisis, customer deposits have increased 
substantially, while additional outflow has not been observed. The amount of mortgage loans on the Issuer's 
balance sheet is therefore currently lower than the amount of customer deposits attracted. The amount of these 
deposits is sensitive to the savings rates the Issuer pays. This has resulted in a certain dependency on wholesale 
funding in the money markets and capital markets including the use of securitisation of the mortgage loan portfolio 
and the issuance of covered bonds. This diversification of funds is beneficial for instance with respect to fixed 
maturities of the wholesale transactions, which facilitates liquidity and funding planning.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Good access to the money markets and capital markets may be necessary to finance the growth of the Issuer's 
mortgage loan portfolio and to refinance all its outstanding loans with a shorter maturity than the mortgage loans in 
which the money is invested. Access to wholesale funding may be negatively affected by concerns about the credit 
strength of the Issuer or a downgrade of any of the ratings of the Issuer (for whatever reason), but may also be 
influenced, inter alia, by concerns about the market segments in which the Issuer is active, or by a general market 
disruption. Any such factors may result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the money markets 
and capital markets and may also affect or effectively limit access to these markets. Although in addition to customer 
deposits and wholesale funding the Issuer may have access to the European Central Bank (the "ECB") facilities, 
the sensitivity of the Issuer to a liquidity risk is substantial. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer has insufficient 
liquid assets available in the short or long term to meet its financial obligations, under normal circumstances or in 
times of stress, without incurring unacceptable costs or losses. The Issuer may have difficulties in meeting its 
financial obligations if this liquidity risk materialises and its balance sheet structure may develop in such a way that 
the Issuer is excessively exposed to disruptions in its funding sources.  
 
2. The Issuer is exposed to the risk of a downgrade of any of its credit ratings  
 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer are described in the chapter headed 'the Issuer', section 'Rating Agencies'. A 
downgrade of any of the Issuer's ratings would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the 
capital markets. Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, because 
investing in the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the Issuer's possible 
reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, a downgrade of any of the 
Issuer's ratings may limit its opportunities to operate in certain business areas. For example, the Issuer may hedge 
its positions in the derivatives market to manage its trading or investment risks in this market, also in relation to 
issuances under this Programme. When rating triggers are present, a decline in the rating of the Issuer below a 
certain level can alter the obligations of parties to an agreement, such as providing a counterparty to a derivatives 
contract with the right to demand collateral or lenders the right to demand repayment of a loan. Additionally, a lower 
rating may result in the Issuer having to post (additional) collateral, counterparties being unwilling to trade with the 
Issuer and/or a credit rating event being triggered which could potentially result in trades being terminated early. 
 
3. The Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme may have a material adverse effect on its 
results of operations and financial condition 
 
The Issuer is a participant in the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel, the "Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme"). As a result, the Issuer and other financial institutions are required to quarterly pay risk-
weighted contributions into a fund to cover future drawings under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The fund, in 
which the Issuer participates, is expected to grow to a target size of at least 0.8% of all deposits guaranteed under 
the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, which should be reached by 2024. This quick growth could have a material effect 
on the Issuer's financial condition. The ultimate costs involved with making compensation payments under the 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme are allocated among the participating banks by (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V., "DNB"), 
based on an allocation key related to their market shares with respect to the deposits protected by the Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme. Additionally, the Issuer may be faced with extra costs for coverage if any claims are made 
under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme as a result of any financial institution participating in the Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme failing to pay claims against it. For example, the Issuer made an advanced contribution to the Dutch Central 
Bank under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme in relation to its share related to the bankruptcy of DSB Bank in 2009 
of which € 59 million was still outstanding at 31 December 2020. Consequently, the ultimate costs to the industry 
of payments which may become due under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme remain uncertain although they may 
be significant and the associated costs borne by the Issuer may have a material adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial condition.

--- Page 30 ---
30
4. The Issuer has issued guarantees  
 
The Issuer has provided guarantees as referred to in Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code (the "403-guarantee") 
(exemption from filing and publishing financial statements). 
 
As at the date hereof, the Issuer has issued 403-guarantees for the following subsidiaries: ASN Duurzame 
Deelnemingen N.V., Pettelaar Effectenbewaarbedrijf N.V., SNS Mortgage Receivables B.V. and SNS Global 
Custody B.V. In the 403-guarantee the Issuer declares itself to be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of 
the relevant subsidiary resulting from legal acts executed by it. See also the paragraph ‘Guarantees pursuant to 
Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code for Propertize’ in the chapter 'The Issuer'. 
 
If enforced in accordance with its terms, the Issuer may be held liable under these guarantees and therefore may 
have to pay to that creditor of the relevant subsidiary. Such enforcement of the 403-guarantee could have an 
adverse effect on the financial position of the Issuer.  
 
B. Risks related to the issuer's business activities and industry 
 
1. The business of the Issuer is primarily concentrated in the Netherlands 
 
The Issuer generates most of its income in the Netherlands and therefore is particularly exposed to the economic, 
political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the Netherlands may be negatively 
influenced by conditions in the global financial markets and economy. Partly due to the economic crisis, growth of 
the Dutch gross domestic product ("GDP") has been subdued. Following the growth of 2.90% in 2017 and 2.60% 
in 2018, GDP grew 1.90% in 2019 and subsequently declined 3.80% in 2020. Any deterioration or merely a long-
term persistence of a difficult economic environment in the Netherlands could negatively affect the demand for 
products and services of the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer is exposed to the risk of a significant deterioration of the 
financial position of its customers which include small and medium enterprises (''SME'') in the Netherlands.  
 
2. A significant portion of the results of the Issuer relates to its mortgage loan products  
 
Residential mortgage loans constitute 70.7% of the Issuer's total assets at year-end 2020. Any material change 
affecting residential mortgage loans generally and/or of the Issuer specifically will likely have a material impact on 
the Issuer. An economic downturn, stagnation or drop in property values, changes in or abolition of the tax 
deductibility of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, increased and/or decreased 
interest rates, the financial standing of borrowers or a combination thereof, could lead to a decrease in the 
production of new mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on existing mortgage loans. The outbreak of the 
coronavirus ("COVID-19") and the measures taken in relation thereto, may directly or indirectly result in increases 
of defaults under mortgage loans. Government decisions to stimulate sustainable housing in order to reach the 
targets of the Dutch climate agreement could have effect on the property values. 
 
A decrease in the level of interest rates on residential mortgage loans could affect the Issuer through, among other 
things, (i) increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio, for instance when as a result of low interest 
rates on saving accounts prepayments on mortgage loans are considered more beneficial to customers than 
savings, (ii) interest rate averaging and (iii) low margins for mortgage loans, in particular long term mortgages loans.  
 
Any of the above factors, events and developments may have a negative impact on the interest margins of the 
Issuer on new and existing residential mortgages and may result in a decrease of its existing portfolio and/or in the 
production of new mortgage loans.

--- Page 31 ---
31
The higher the loan to income ratio, the larger the proportion of the earnings of a borrower that will be needed to 
pay interest and principal under mortgage loans, especially when confronted with unexpected costs or expenses, 
or, in respect of an interest-only mortgage loan, the repayment of principal. This loan to income ratio and other 
factors such as loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies 
and bankruptcy filings by borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to 
repay their mortgage loans.  
 
The Dutch tax system allows borrowers to deduct, subject to certain limitations, mortgage interest payments for 
owner-occupied residences from their taxable income. The deduction period allowed is restricted to a term of 30 
years. For the year 2021, the maximum tax rate against which mortgage interest may be deducted for Dutch income 
tax purposes (the "maximum deductibility rate") is set at 43%. As per 2020, the maximum deductibility rate 
decreases with 3% per annum (i.e., 40% in 2022) down to 37.05% in 2023. This reduction of the maximum 
deductibility rate could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and principal 
on their mortgage loans and may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their mortgage loans, 
and may thus result in higher or lower prepayment rates of such loans.  
 
Any of the aforementioned developments or events may thus be material to the Issuer, considering that its business 
represents a high percentage of the residential mortgage loans. 
 
3. The Issuer's business and results of operations may be adversely affected by a weakening of economic 
conditions in Europe 
 
Global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted in recent years by the banking and 
sovereign debt crisis in the EU and globally. In particular, concerns have been raised with respect to continuing 
economic, monetary and political conditions in the region comprised of the member states of the EU ("Member 
States") that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957) as amended (the "Eurozone"). The potential impact of a sovereign default on 
the Eurozone countries and the risk that some Member States could leave the Eurozone (either voluntarily or 
involuntarily), continues to raise concerns about the ongoing viability of the euro currency and the Economic and 
Monetary Union (the "EMU"). Despite several measures, amongst which on the level of the ECB, there remains 
considerable uncertainty as to whether such measures will sustain the economic recovery or avert the threat of 
sovereign default. The persistent low interest rate environment is causing increased demand for mortgages with 
longer maturities, whereas as a retail bank it is challenging for the Issuer to be able to make competitive offers to 
customers. In addition, the business operations of the Issuer, its third party service providers and clients are 
vulnerable to epidemics or pandemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns 
such as the COVID-19 outbreak, whether on a regional or global scale, with any resulting restrictions on travel, 
imposition of quarantines and prolonged closures of workplaces, the impact of which will depend on future 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted or other forms of natural disasters and other 
disasters beyond its control such as war and heightened geopolitical tension. These factors may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which may have a material adverse effect on the global economy in general or on the 
economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates and have in the past resulted in, or may in the 
future result in, a reduced demand for financial products and services, a deterioration in asset quality of the Issuer, 
a delay in receipt of interest income and/or repayment of principal and increases in loan impairment charges.  
 
Furthermore, the full impact of a renewed rise of financial market tensions, like those among the Eurozone during 
the sovereign debt crisis, may lead to renewed stress in sovereign and bank funding markets. Market conditions 
remain vulnerable to disruption and risks remain. Deterioration of the economic environment, including as a result 
of an increase in unemployment rates, a market downturn or a weakening of the Dutch, European or global 
economies or other new economic shocks which could lead to a more severe economic downturn, the COVID-19

--- Page 32 ---
32
outbreak and other disasters, environmental, social and governance events,  elections held or to be held in Europe, 
an exit of one or more additional Member States from the EMU, or a potential dissolution of the EMU and a 
consequential re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more EMU Member States is impossible to predict.  
 
If any such event were to occur the critical issues are that it may likely: 
a) disrupt and adversely affect the economic activity of the Dutch and other European markets the Issuer is 
active on; 
b) result in significant market dislocation, decreased liquidity, high volatility in the securities markets and 
significant volatility in the value of the euro against other currencies, which may negatively impact the 
appetite to invest in the Notes and subsequently may affect the Issuer's financial position; 
c) significantly heighten counterparty risk, which may result in one or more of the Issuer's counterparties to 
default on its obligations to the Issuer which arise from lending or other financial transactions; 
d) result in downgrades of credit ratings for European borrowers, such as the Issuer, giving rise to significant 
increases in credit spreads and decreases in security values; 
e) adversely affect the management of market risk and in particular asset and liability management due, in 
part, to the redenomination of financial assets and liabilities and the potential for mismatch; 
f) 
significantly threaten the quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio, in particular for retail clients; or  
g) have a material adverse effect on the value of the Issuer's assets, the Issuer's fee and commission income 
and/or interest income, the ability of its clients to meet financial obligations and could cause the Issuer's 
loan impairment charges to rise or cause the Issuer to incur further market-to-market losses. 
 
The Issuer may have to incur significant costs to store or mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The Issuer's 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially affected by the above factors, 
events and developments. 
 
4. The Issuer faces substantial competitive pressures which could adversely affect its results of 
operations 
 
Technology giants, (start-up) fintech companies, payment specialists, retailers, telecommunication companies, 
crowd-funding initiatives and aggregators are all encroaching on traditional banking services and from traditional 
bank competitors who team up with such new players. The Issuer also faces competition from traditional banking 
parties and from non-banking parties, such as pension funds and insurance companies, with relatively new parties 
providing more segmented offers to its customers and clients in the field of mortgage loans. In particular, the Issuer's 
funding capabilities for offering long-term mortgages may not be sufficient, therefore the Issuer is not able to offer 
long-term mortgages against a competitive interest rate. There is a risk that the several measures of the Issuer in 
relation to long-term mortgages, such as continuously streamlining of the mortgage process and aiming for cost 
control, may not be enough to become sufficiently competitive. The clients of the Issuer, in turn, are willing to 
consider alternative offers, as a result of which the Issuer may lose these clients to competitors. If the Issuer is 
unable to offer competing and attractive products and services that are profitable, it may lose market share or incur 
losses on some or all of its activities. Competition in the financial services industry is furthered by the high level of 
consolidation in the Netherlands in the markets where the Issuer operates. Competitive pressures could result in 
increased pricing pressures, particularly as competitors seek to win market share, and may harm the ability of the 
Issuer to maintain or increase its market share and profitability.  
 
5. The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage to its reputation  
The Issuer is the fourth-largest retail bank in the Dutch market, offering products such as mortgages, payments and 
savings, making its trustworthy reputation essential for its business. Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer, in 
particular with a view to its focus on retail and SME customers, social impact and the concentration of its business

--- Page 33 ---
33
in the Netherlands, could cause disproportionate damage to its business, regardless of whether or not the negative 
publicity is factually accurate.  
The Issuer is, for example, exposed to the risk that, among other things, litigation, employee misconduct, 
operational failures, or products or services developed or recommended by it, which are not performing as 
expected, whether or not founded, will harm its reputation. Furthermore, negative publicity could be based on 
allegations that the Issuer does not or does not fully comply with regulatory requirements or anti-money laundering 
or bribery rules, or result from negative publicity about a third party linked to the Issuer (e.g. resulting from 
misconduct or malpractice relating to intermediaries, independent advisors, partners, business promoters or third 
party managers) or about politically exposed persons in the customer base of the Issuer (being topics for which the 
Dutch banking sector is exposed to increased scrutiny and public attention over recent years).  
Furthermore, negative publicity could also result from the fact that certain of the financial products and services of 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries are distributed through third parties or form part of broader products and services 
sold by third parties. Any negative publicity in respect of such third parties or such broader products and services 
could also have negative consequences for the Issuer. Furthermore, negative publicity could result from insufficient 
response to public expectations to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") events, failures in the information 
technology systems of the Issuer, loss of customer data or confidential information, or failure in risk management 
procedures.  
Any damage to the reputation of the Issuer could cause existing customers to withdraw their business from the 
Issuer and potential customers to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative 
publicity could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agency perception of the Issuer, 
which may make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit ratings. See also the risk factor 'Litigation, other 
proceedings, or significant claims may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations 
of the Issuer'. 
 
6. The performance of the Issuer depends on its ability to accurately price its products and services 
 
The results of operations and the financial condition of the Issuer depends, among other things, on its ability to set 
rates and prices accurately. Rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premiums to pay losses and 
expenses and to earn profits on income. The ability of the Issuer to price its products and services accurately is 
subject to a number of uncertainties.  
 
One of these uncertainties lies in the fact that interest rates or price of products of the Issuer (such as derivatives, 
floating rate notes, floating rate covered bonds and mortgages) may be determined by reference to various 
benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and the 
London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), which are subject to recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform (including the EU Benchmarks Regulation which entered into force on 1 January 
2018). Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a 
benchmark due to these reforms may have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of, the published rate or level, of the benchmark, (in some cases) without the Issuer having the possibility 
to apply any mitigating adjustments thereto. Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of 
quotes from reference banks to allow for the continuation, and the rate that would be applicable if a benchmark 
would be materially amended or is discontinued, may result in rates and prices of products and services being 
determined on the basis of inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions or methodologies.

--- Page 34 ---
34
See also the risk factor 'Benchmark reforms impose obligations on the Issuer and market parties and may cause 
benchmarks used in respect of the Notes to be materially amended or discontinued' below.  
 
If the Issuer fails to establish adequate rates and prices for its products and services, its revenues derived from 
such products could decline while its expenses increase resulting in proportionately greater financial losses. 
 
7. The Issuer is exposed to the risk of a decline of and a high volatility in the securities markets  
 
Under highly volatile market conditions, funding transactions, as well as hedging and other risk management 
strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading risks as they would be under more normal market conditions. 
The Issuer uses financial derivative measures as part of its risk management strategy and it may not be able to 
manage its exposures adequately through the use of such derivatives as a result of modelling, sensitivity analysis 
or other risk assessment method failures or as a result of appropriate derivative products not being available. Market 
conditions, and periods of high volatility can occur not only as a result of purely economic factors, but also as a 
result of geopolitical tensions, such as international trade disputes or international sanctions or as a result of war, 
acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other similar events outside the Issuer's control. There is no assurance that 
market volatility will not result in a prolonged market decline, or that such market declines for other reasons will not 
occur in the future. 
 
Severe market events have historically been difficult to predict, and could lead to the Issuer realising significant 
losses if extreme market events were to persist for an extended period of time. Therefore market volatility, liquidity 
disruptions, or dislocations could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
 
8. The Issuer is exposed to the sensitivity and variation of the level of interest rates  
 
The level of interest rates, credit spreads and changes in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads (including 
changes in the difference between the levels of prevailing short- and long-term rates) could adversely affect the 
results of the Issuer.  
 
The results of the Issuer's business are affected by the management of interest rate sensitivity. The composition of 
the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, and any maturity gap position resulting from that composition, causes the 
banking business' net interest income to vary with changes in interest rates. There can be no assurance that the 
Issuer will be able to successfully manage interest rate spreads or the potential negative impact of risks associated 
with sustained low, flat and even negative interest rates (for the avoidance of doubt, this has no effect on the 
Minimum Rate of Interest becoming less than zero). For example, the Issuer’s interest income is under pressure 
as a result of the sustained low interest rate environment. It cannot be predicted whether and when such pressure 
would disappear or decrease in the future.  
 
9. The Issuer is exposed to credit risks, including counterparty exposure, which may result in credit 
provisions to be inaccurate 
 
The Issuer is exposed to general credit risks, for example the Issuer is exposed to credit risks of borrowers. Third 
parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their obligations. These 
parties include customers (such as borrowers under loans granted, including without limitation, to mortgage loans), 
the issuers whose securities are being held by an entity within the Issuer's group, trading counterparties, 
counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses 
and other financial intermediaries. These parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer or its group 
companies due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure

--- Page 35 ---
35
or other reasons and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and results of 
operations. In the first half of 2020, the Issuer saw for example a swing in impairment charges of provisions for 
credit risk of € 45 million, an increase compared to the € 13 million release in the first half of 2019, mainly as a 
result of the COVID-19 crisis. This may be read as an indication for future provisions, subject to unforeseen and/or 
external circumstances such as a dramatic increase or decrease of defaulting parties. As a consequence of any 
such defaulting parties the adequacy of the Issuer's credit provisions included in its agreements entered into by or 
in respect of such parties may be impacted. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default 
on its obligations to the Issuer which arise from lending or other financial transactions. If future events or the effects 
thereof do not fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Issuer to determine its credit 
provisions, these provisions could be inadequate.  
 
C. Legal and regulatory risk 
 
1. The regulatory environment and intensive supervision to which the Issuer is subject gives rise to 
significant costs and non-compliance could result in monetary and reputational damages 
 
The financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory scrutiny. This has led to a more 
intensive approach to supervision and oversight, more regulatory investigations and enforcement actions as well 
as an increase in the amount of fines against financial institutions.  
 
If the Issuer is unable to obtain, retain and commit sufficient resources for regulatory compliance, this could lead to 
delays and errors, and may force it to choose between prioritising compliance matters over administrative support 
for business activities, or may ultimately force the Issuer to cease the offering of certain products or services. For 
example the Issuer expects to commit significant resources for purposes of Anti-Money Laundering ("AML"), anti-
terrorist financing measures, IT security, privacy. Furthermore, the Issuer continues to invest in resources to adapt 
to the ECB's supervisory approach and to familiarise the ECB with the Issuer's business and financial position. 
 
Any delays or errors in implementing regulatory compliance could lead to substantial monetary damages and fines, 
loss of significant assets, public reprimands, a negative effect on the Issuer's reputation, regulatory measures in 
the form of cease and desists orders, fines, increased regulatory compliance requirements, which have become 
more stringent as a result of new regulations and resulting from a more expansive interpretation thereof by 
supervisory authorities, or other potential regulatory restrictions on the Issuer's business, enforced suspension of 
operations and in extreme cases, withdrawal of licenses or authorisations to operate particular businesses, or 
criminal prosecution in certain circumstances. The last few years have seen a steep escalation in the severity of 
the terms which competent supervisory authorities and law enforcement authorities have required to settle legal 
and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions, with settlements including unprecedented monetary 
penalties as well as criminal sanctions. Non-compliance with applicable regulation may also lead to civil liability 
towards affected clients and, increasingly, third parties. See also the risk factor 'Litigation or other proceedings or 
actions, including potentially significant claims for violation of the duty of care, may adversely affect the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer'.  
 
In addition to non-compliance by the Issuer itself, the Issuer may suffer negative consequences of non-compliance 
by its clients or any third parties. The Issuer may also suffer negative consequences of clients or any third parties 
operating businesses or schemes in violation of applicable rules and regulations whose activities the Issuer could 
be held to monitor and, where applicable, to denounce or to interrupt.  
 
In conclusions, the regulatory environment and the intensive supervision to which the Issuer is subject gives rise to 
significant legal and financial compliance costs. Non-compliance with applicable regulation may result in monetary

--- Page 36 ---
36
and reputational damages, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial position and 
results of operations. 
 
2. Major changes in laws and regulations as well as enforcement action could have a negative impact on 
the Issuer  
 
In pursuit of a broad reform and a restructuring of financial regulation, legislatures and supervisory authorities, 
continue to introduce proposals and implement standards that could result in major changes to the way the Issuer's 
operations are regulated and could have adverse consequences for its business, business model, financial position, 
results of operations, reputation and prospects. Also, the regulatory laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer 
are to an extent based on the Issuer's interpretations of such laws and regulations. The Issuer cannot guarantee 
that such interpretations will not be questioned by the relevant authorities. Changes in regulatory laws and 
regulations or interpretations by the Issuer thereof being challenged by the relevant authorities could materially 
impact the profitability of the Issuer's businesses, the value of its assets or the collateral available for its loans, 
require changes to business practices, increase its regulatory reporting and transparency obligations, or force the 
Issuer to discontinue businesses or change its legal entity structure, capital and funding structure, and expose the 
Issuer to additional costs, taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions and reputational risk and are likely to have a 
material impact on the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer notes that the following changes in laws and regulations form a material risk for its financial position, 
credit rating and results of operations and prospects: 
 
 
Regulatory capital requirements, as proposed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel 
Committee") and being implemented in the EU through, among others, Directive 2013/36/EU ("CRD 
Directive") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 ("CRR", and together with the CRD Directive, "CRD"), as these 
are amended from time to time. Regulatory capital requirements are subject to ongoing regulatory reform, and 
are expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the 
changes to the CRD IV Directive and CRR included in the EU banking package adopted in May 2019 (the ''EU 
Banking Reforms'') and the finalised Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the ''Basel III 
Reforms'') (informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing measures are expected to require the Issuer to 
attract and retain additional and/or enhanced regulatory capital, and will impact the Issuer's day-to-day 
business. Notable changes that will affect the Issuer's business includes changes to the requirements for the 
risk-weighting of mortgages and the introduction of an output floor. To illustrate, the Issuer expects that Basel 
III Reforms will increase its risk-weighted assets ("RWA") by approximately 30% and that its CET1 capital ratio 
(position at year-end 2020 at 31.2%) will go down by approximately 7 percentage points as a result of the full 
phase-in of the Basel III Reforms. Furthermore, the impact of these changes to the applicable prudential regime 
is yet to be fully determined by the Issuer. This is among others due to the fact that the EU Banking Reforms 
and Basel III Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation in EU or national laws. In that respect, 
it is noted that the implementation and phasing in of the Basel III Reforms was postponed by one year in 
response to the COVID-19 crisis. In order to maximise the capacity of credit institutions to lend and to absorb 
losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic, certain specific changes were made to the CRR in June 2020, 
including an acceleration of the application date for some topics following from the EU Banking Reforms. The 
impact of these changes for the Issuer is however deemed to be limited. Finally, in anticipation of these 
regulations, DNB announced in October 2019 its intention to increase the minimum floor on the risk-weighting 
of (part of) the mortgage loan portfolios of Dutch banks using internal risk models for said risk-weighting, such 
as the Issuer, for a period of at least two years. Although initially postponed by DNB in response to the COVID-
19 crisis, DNB announced in May 2021 that the measure will be introduced as of 1 January 2022, provided the 
economy recovers as currently envisaged.

--- Page 37 ---
37
 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), as such requirement has been introduced 
under Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, the "BRRD") and Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 (the "SRM Regulation"), as these are amended from time to time. The MREL framework is 
intended to make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability 
and to be recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to ongoing 
regulatory reform, and is expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and 
entry into force of the changes to BRRD and SRM Regulation forming part of the EU Banking Reforms and the 
application of the SRB's revised policy on MREL under the EU Banking Reforms published in May 2021. On 
10 May 2021, the Issuer received the MREL requirements to be met as from 1 January 2022 and as from 1 
January 2024. The Issuer has to meet a MREL of 7.87% of the leverage ratio exposure ("LRE") as from 1 
January 2022. As a binding intermediate MREL target, the Issuer has to meet a MREL of 6.55% of the LRE 
with subordinated instruments (Tier 1 capital, Tier 2 capital and Senior Non-Preferred notes) as from 1 January 
2022. As from 1 January 2024, the 7.87% MREL has to be fully met with subordinated instruments. The Issuer 
has to meet a risk-weighted MREL of 23.28% of RWA as from 1 January 2022. As from 1 January 2022, the 
Issuer has to meet a MREL of 13.5% of RWA with subordinated instruments. The risk-weighted MREL of 
23.28% has to be fully met with subordinated instruments as from 1 January 2024. Capital used to meet the 
risk-weighted MREL requirements cannot be used to meet the combined buffer requirement. For the Issuer, 
the non-risk-weighted MREL requirements are more restrictive than the risk-weighted MREL requirements. The 
subordination requirements will require the Issuer to attract and retain additional subordinated liabilities leading 
up to 2024. 
 
 
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, Directive (EU) 2015/849 (the "AML Directive") and 
accompanying Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 (the "AML Regulation"), as amended from time to time. The AML 
requirements require the Issuer to review and amend its current AML processes. Also taking into account the 
increased regulatory pressure on compliance with AML requirements, the Issuer is working on the 
implementation of the new requirements in processes, systems and training and awareness for employees. 
The Issuer runs the risk that failure to (timely) comply with the AML rules results in enforcement measures and 
damages to the Issuer's reputation. 
 
 
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"), new requirements apply with respect 
to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (such as the Reference Rate (as defined below)), the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. As a supervised entity 
and user of benchmarks within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Issuer has to comply with 
certain obligations under the EU Benchmarks Regulation in respect of in-scope products and contracts. This 
includes the obligation to produce and maintain a robust written plan among others setting out the actions the 
Issuer would take in the event a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. This plan is commonly 
referred to as a fallback plan and the Issuer has produced and is maintaining such a plan. The Issuer is also 
required to ensure that it only makes use of authorised benchmarks and that its contracts include appropriate 
fallback language. The Issuer runs the risk that it is not timely able to amend its contracts and switch from the 
use of unauthorised benchmarks to authorised benchmarks and paying and/or receiving a similar rate of 
interest (both in its internal processes as well as in its external products and investments). This may affect the 
Issuer's financial and compliance position. 
 
 
New payment services regulations, as laid down in Directive (EU) 2015/2366 ("PSD II") imposes additional 
requirements on the Issuer with respect to its payment services and supports the emergence of new payment 
service providers and the development of innovative mobile and online payment methods in Europe. Key 
elements of the PSD II that could impact the Issuer are: (i) access to payment accounts by other parties than 
the bank where the customer holds an account (Access to Account (XS2A)), and (ii) security requirements. 
Access to Account, within the meaning of the PSD II, forces the Issuer to make substantial investments and

--- Page 38 ---
38
expose it to more or intensified competition and can be a threat as parties other than banks focus on the 
customer-engagement components of the value chain and leave the commoditised transactional components 
to banks which could lead to disintermediation. Security is and will remain a core element in the service offering 
of banks whereby it is important that the security requirements in PSD II, as applied by the Issuer, strike the 
right balance between ease of use and risk (such as with respect to customer data). 
 
 
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
("EMIR"). EMIR already requires the Issuer to centrally clear certain OTC-derivatives and report derivative 
contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore requires the Issuer to exchange variation and initial margin with 
certain of its counterparties, which group of counterparties will be extended in the near future. This will lead to 
an increased margining obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer runs the risk that it will not be able to have the 
necessary contractual documentation and operational process timely in place in order to be able to trade or 
continue trading with the relevant counterparties. This will lead to additional compliance costs for the Issuer. 
 
 
The Issuer is subject to sustainability regulations, such as Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 relating to disclosures 
and, from 1 January 2022, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (partially) (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, relating to a framework to facilitate sustainable investment. These 
regulations will require the Issuer to include information at entity and at product level with regard to certain 
financial products on whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impact, whether or not it 
promotes environmental or social characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental 
objectives as set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, DNB and the ECB continuously publish 
further guidance with regard to these sustainability regulations, and the management of climate risks and other 
environmental risks, which credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk 
management framework. As the Issuer will have to implement these regulations and expects to have to 
implement more sustainability-related regulations, this will give rise to additional compliance costs and 
expenses.  
 
3. Resolution regimes may (inter alia) lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for 
recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding  
 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation set out a common European recovery and resolution framework. If the Issuer 
would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions apply), the Resolution Authority may decide to 
write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments of the Issuer, such as the Tier 2 Notes, independently 
(i.e. separate from a resolution action) or do so in combination with a resolution action (such as the application of 
a transfer tool and/or the bail-in tool).  
 
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be met, the 
Resolution Authority may decide to place the Issuer under resolution. It may decide to apply certain resolution tools. 
These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, 
each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under 
resolution to a third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be applied to 
recapitalise the Issuer (whether or not in combination with one of the aforementioned transfer tools) or convert into 
(claims which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or reduce the principal amount of claims or 
debt instruments (such as the Notes) of the Issuer that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned 
transfer tools. The bail-in tool extends further than the relevant capital instruments (such as the Tier 2 Notes) of the 
Issuer, and may also result in the write-down or conversion into (claims which may give rights to) Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of eligible liabilities (such as the other Notes) in accordance with a certain order of priority.

--- Page 39 ---
39
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the Resolution Authority may decide to terminate or amend 
any agreement (including a debt instrument, such as the Notes) to which the Issuer is a party or replace the Issuer 
as a party thereto. Furthermore, the Resolution Authority may, subject to certain conditions, suspend the exercise 
of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis the Issuer or suspend the performance of payment or delivery obligations 
of the Issuer. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, certain counterparty rights may be excluded.  
 
In addition to the BRRD and SRM Regulation, the Dutch Act on special measures regarding financial institutions 
(Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen, which has to a large extent been included in the Wft and 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Dutch Intervention Act") enables the Dutch Minister of 
Finance to intervene with a bank established in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, if the Minister of Finance is of 
the view that the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that the 
bank is in. These powers among others consist of the expropriation of assets and/or liabilities (onteigening van 
vermogensbestanddelen) of the Issuer, claims against the Issuer and securities issued by or with the cooperation 
of the Issuer. 
 
It is possible that the Resolution Authority may use its powers under the BRRD or SRM Regulation or the Dutch 
Intervention Act in a way that could result in debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses. The use of these could 
negatively affect the position of the holders of such debt instruments and the credit rating attached to debt 
instruments then outstanding and could result in losses to the holders of such debt instruments, in particular if and 
when any of the above proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. These measures and consequences 
could increase the Issuer's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position 
and results of operation. In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited to, the amendments 
discussed in the preceding risk factor above) to the SRM and the BRRD or the Dutch Intervention Act, which may 
add to these effects.  
 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that the Issuer is no longer viable, may become subject to recovery or 
resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such as MREL), may have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position, regulatory capital position and liquidity position, including 
increased costs of funding for regulatory purposes. 
 
4. Capital and/or liquidity requirements may adversely affect the business of the Issuer  
 
The Issuer is required by regulators to maintain adequate capital and liquidity levels, as such regulators may deem 
appropriate. Adequate capital and liquidity levels are also necessary for the Issuer's financial flexibility and to cope 
with adverse developments. Changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements may require the Issuer to raise 
additional regulatory capital or hold additional liquidity buffers, for example because of different interpretations of 
or methods for calculating risk exposure amount, or because the Issuer does not comply with ratios and levels, or 
instruments and collateral requirements that currently qualify as capital or capital risk mitigating techniques no 
longer do so in the future. For example, the Issuer is required to comply with the minimum amount of MREL, which 
should ensure the effective application of the bail-in resolution tool under the BRRD and SRM regulation. This leads 
to increased funding costs for the Issuer. If the Issuer is unable to raise the requisite regulatory capital in order to 
comply with current or future capital requirements or with MREL, it may, amongst others, be required to reduce its 
risk exposure amount, restrict certain activities or engage in the disposition of core and other, non-core, businesses, 
which may not occur on a timely basis or at prices which would otherwise not be attractive to the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer must comply with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the EU Banking Reforms introduced a binding 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and leverage ratio. These are likely to have an impact on the Issuer's funding 
costs and in having to maintain buffers of liquid assets which may in turn result in lower returns than less liquid 
assets. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to adequately manage its liquidity position, this may prevent it from

--- Page 40 ---
40
meeting its short-term financial obligations. In addition, the Issuer may be required to attract additional stable 
sources of funding or hold a higher liquidity buffer, which may result in higher costs for the Issuer. 
 
5. The Issuer is subject to requirements of privacy laws, and may be precluded from implementing 
business models based on analysis and use of client generated data.  
 
The Issuer is subject to new extensive requirements of privacy laws as a consequence of the recently reformed EU 
legal framework on the protection of personal data after the entering into force of the General Data Protection 
Regulation (the "GDPR"). As the GDPR contains various open standards, a risk of divergent interpretations exists 
as to how the GDPR can be complied with. There is a risk that the Issuer applies a certain interpretation as to how 
the GDPR must be complied with, which may not be in line with (future) publications of the European Data Protection 
Board and the Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) (the "DDPA"), which may cause the 
Issuer to alter its approach. 
 
Due to public pressure and perceived or actual infringements of privacy laws, the Issuer may be precluded from 
implementing business models based on analysis and use of client generated data for its marketing purposes.  
 
Other risks relating to incompliance with privacy laws may include administrative sanctions from the DDPA (such 
as significant fines (an order subject to) a non-compliance penalty ((last onder) dwangsom) or a ban on processing 
(verwerkingsverbod), on the basis of which the Issuer could be precluded from developing and implementing new 
business models based on the processing activities), civil claims from clients whose personal data are processed 
(e.g. analysed) by the Issuer, complaints from such clients against the Issuer filed with the DDPA and negative 
publicity which may cause harm to the Issuer's reputation. 
 
6. Litigation, other proceedings, or significant claims may adversely affect the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer faces substantial legal risks in the conduct of its business. In the Netherlands, the number and size of 
claims that are the subject of litigation, regulatory proceedings and other adversarial proceedings against financial 
institutions are increasing. A number of proceedings have been initiated against the Issuer for violation of its duty 
of care (zorgplicht). Current proceedings are still pending and their outcome is uncertain, as is the timing of reaching 
any finality on these legal claims and proceedings. Financial institutions in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, owe 
a duty of care and must comply with duty of care rules under Dutch law, which includes provisions on client 
classification, disclosure requirements and know-your-customer obligations. Pursuant to the General Banking 
Conditions (Algemene Bankvoorwaarden) used by Dutch banks, a bank must always act in accordance with its 
duty of care, irrespective of whether the service or product is sold to a professional client or a non-professional 
client. In recent years, the duty of care standards applicable to financial institutions have become more stringent as 
a result of new regulations and resulting from a more expansive interpretation of existing rules and standards by 
courts and supervisory authorities. The Issuer expects this trend to continue. Where in the past the duty of care 
was held to apply predominantly to clients, the application of this standard has on the basis of case law been 
extended more broadly for the benefit of third parties that suffer damages inflicted by clients of the financial 
institution. In these cases, courts held, for example, that in certain circumstances financial institutions may be 
expected to monitor activities of their clients, denouncing or even halting any suspected illegal activity. Accordingly, 
there can be no assurance that additional proceedings will not be brought. Such litigation may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and prospects. See also 
the risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage to its reputation' and the paragraph 'Legal proceedings' in 
the chapter 'The Issuer'.

--- Page 41 ---
41
7. The Issuer is subject to stress tests 
 
The banking sector, including the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing in respect of the resilience of banks to 
adverse market developments. Such stress tests are initiated and coordinated by the European Banking Authority 
("EBA") or the ECB. In addition thereto, in 2021 the Issuer participated in a SSM stress test coordinated the ECB. 
Contrary to the EBA stress test results, the results of the SSM SREP stress test were published, although high-
level. The SSM stress test was performed at the highest level of consolidation and was based on the same 
methodology as that of the EBA stress test. Based on the assumptions and methodological restrictions of the stress 
test’s adverse scenario, the Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of the Issuer at year-end 2023 would end up in 
the highest range of ≥ 14%, as used by the ECB, and would remain amply above the Issuer's Overall CET1 capital 
ratio requirement from the SREP of 9.41%. At 31 December 2020, the CET1 ratio of the Issuer stood at 31.2%.There 
is no guarantee that the result of any future stress test will meet the Issuer's internal target as well. Stress tests and 
the announcements of their results by supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or financial services sector 
and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks or financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of 
stress tests could negatively impact the Issuer's reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement action by 
supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Issuer having to meet higher capital 
and liquidity requirements, which could have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
profitability or reputation. In addition, stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have 
surfaced or which until then, the Issuer had not considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. 
This could lead to certain measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed 
or taken, which could have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, results of operations, profitability or 
reputation. See also paragraph 'Recent developments' under 'The Issuer participated in the SSM stress test' in the 
chapter 'The Issuer.'. 
 
8. The Issuer is subject to changes in financial reporting standards or policies which could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer's reported results of operations and financial condition 
 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted in the EU, which 
is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time the Issuer is required to adopt new or revised 
accounting standards issued by recognised bodies, including the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
It is possible that future accounting standards which the Issuer is required to adopt, or as a result of choices made 
by the Issuer, could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its consolidated financial statements 
and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported results of operations and 
financial condition and may have a corresponding impact on capital ratios. 
 
D. Internal control risk 
 
1. The Issuer may be exposed to failures in its risk management systems 
 
The Issuer also invests substantial time and effort in its strategies and procedures including statistical models, 
scenario analyses and stress tests for managing risks, not only credit risk, but also other risks, such as strategic 
risks (business risk, organisational risk, reputation risk, sustainability risk), financial risks (credit risk, market risk, 
IRRBB, liquidity risk, capital adequacy) and non-financial risks (operational risk, compliance risk and model risk) 
legal risk and reporting risk. These strategies and procedures could nonetheless fail or not be fully effective under 
some circumstances, particularly if the Issuer is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately identified or 
anticipated. Some of the methods of the Issuer for managing risk are based upon observations of historical market 
behaviour. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in order to arrive at quantifications of some of 
the risk exposures of the Issuer. These statistical methods may not accurately quantify the risk exposure of the 
Issuer if circumstances arise which were not observed in its historical data. For example, as the Issuer offers new

--- Page 42 ---
42
products or services, the historical data may be incomplete or not accurate for such new products or services. As 
the Issuer gains a more complete and accurate set of data over time, it may need to make additional provisions. 
 
If circumstances arise which the Issuer did not identify, anticipate or correctly evaluate in developing its statistical 
models, scenario analyses and stress tests, its losses could be greater than the maximum losses envisaged by it. 
Furthermore, the quantifications do not take all risks or market conditions into account. If the measures used to 
assess and mitigate risks prove insufficient, the Issuer may experience unanticipated losses. 
 
2. The Issuer is exposed to operational risks  
 
The operational risks that the Issuer faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external 
processes or systems, inadequate or failed outsourcing of processes, services or activities, human error, regulatory 
breaches, employee misconduct. The occurrence of any such event may result in financial loss and may harm the 
reputation of the Issuer. Inability to retain and attract key personnel could adversely affect its operations and results. 
The Issuer attempts to keep operational risks at appropriate levels by maintaining a well-controlled environment in 
light of the characteristics of its business, the markets and the regulatory environments in which it operates. While 
these control measures mitigate operational risks they do not eliminate them. 
 
Ineffective systems and processes  
 
The Issuer relies heavily on its operational processes, and communication and information systems in particular to 
conduct its business. Even with the back-up recovery systems and contingency plans that are in place, the Issuer 
cannot ensure that interruptions, failures or breaches in security of these processes and systems will not occur or, 
if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Any such interruptions, failures or breaches, even for a 
limited period of time, could result in, for example: 
 
 
interruptions in the services offered or information provided to customers, or inability to serve customers' needs 
in a timely fashion; 
 
interruptions or errors in management information and/or information reported to supervisory authorities; 
 
a violation of applicable regulations; 
 
inability to identify in time or at all, inadequate, fraudulent, negligent and/or unauthorised dealings by employees 
of the Issuer or third parties, or telecommunication connection failures or hacking of the website portal of the 
Issuer or other cybercrime activities against the Issuer or its clients; and 
 
considerable costs in terms of, for example, information retrieval and verification. 
 
External operational risks  
 
The business operations of the Issuer are also vulnerable to interruption from external factors such as fire, flood, 
bomb threats, explosions or other forms of terrorist activity and natural and man-made disasters. The Issuer cannot 
ensure that interruptions, failures or breaches of its communication and information systems as a result of external 
fraud will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Finally, cybercrime risk is also a 
relevant and ongoing threat that may lead to an interruption of services to customers, loss of confidential information 
or erosion of trust and reputation. The above may also apply for third parties on which the Issuer depends.

--- Page 43 ---
43
E. Environmental, social and governance risks 
 
1. The Issuer is exposed to risk related to Environmental, Social and Governance factors 
 
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to environmental, social and governance factors ("ESG Factors"). An 
example of a risk related to environmental factors the Issuer is exposed to, is the risk of (in)direct financial or 
reputational damage due to acute or chronic physical environmental events or the role in the transition to an 
environmentally sustainable economy of the Issuer itself or of parties with which the Issuer may interact. Moreover, 
the Issuer may be exposed to acute events resulting from climate change, such as river flooding, extreme weather 
events and forest fires, which can cause damage to collateral in the residential and commercial real estate lending 
portfolios of the Issuer. The event itself, or the exposure to the risk as such, can lead to a devaluation of collateral 
value. Chronic changes in weather conditions, such as droughts, may cause damage to collateral (e.g. pile rot) in 
the residential and commercial real estate lending portfolios of the Issuer, which can lead to a devaluation of the 
collateral value. Introduction of legal requirements on energy efficiency of houses can lead to a devaluation of 
collateral in the residential and commercial lending portfolios that do not yet meet the criteria. A substantial increase 
in energy costs can lead to a devaluation of (energy inefficient) collateral in the residential and commercial lending 
portfolios. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is exposed to risks related to social factors, such as the risk of (in)direct financial or 
reputational damage due to violations in the area of human rights, employee rights, poverty and customer 
relationships by the Issuer itself or by parties with which the Issuer may interact. The Issuer can be exposed to risk 
related to social matters, such as inequality, labour relations, workplace health and safety, public sentiment linked 
to social transformation towards a more and inclusive equitable society. The events itself or the exposure to the 
risk as such can lead to reputational damage. Negative publicity regarding social matters of a third party linked to 
the Issuer can also lead to reputational damage (see also the risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage 
to its reputation'). 
 
The Issuer is also exposed to risks related to governance factors, for example the risk of (in)direct financial or 
reputational damage due to inadequate corporate governance, ethical management and transparency by the Issuer 
itself or by parties with which the Issuer may interact. The Issuer can be exposed to governance matters, such as 
poor codes of conduct, a lack of anti-money laundering or executive leadership. The events itself or the exposure 
to the risk of it can lead to reputational damage or financial damage. Negative publicity regarding governance 
matters of a third party linked to the Issuer can also lead to reputational damage. 
 
Therefore, risk related to ESG Factors and environmental, social and governance events may have a negative 
effect on the Issuer's reputation and could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and/or its financial 
position or results of operations. 
 
2. Risks related to the decision of the Minister of Finance regarding the future of the Issuer  
 
The Issuer is owned indirectly by the Dutch State through the NL Financial Investment (the "NLFI"). Until the Minister 
of Finance has made a decision on the privatisation of the Issuer, the Issuer will examine its future options in 
consultation with the shareholder, potential investors, regulatory authorities and employees. When the Minister of 
Finance takes such a decision or if the strategy fails in execution or is ineffective, this could result in a change to 
the strategy, management, governance and/or risk profile of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the decision 
of the Minister of Finance or a change in strategy would not adversely affect the Issuer's credit rating, the ability of 
the Issuer to effectively conduct its business or its ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
44
In addition, a change of ownership of the Issuer could result in key contracts being terminated by the counterparties 
to such contracts (including pursuant to termination rights that are exercisable upon such a change in ownership), 
which could give rise to material disruptions to the Issuer's business, additional costs to renegotiate those contracts, 
difficulties in managing its operations, and adverse impacts on the Issuer's customers. As a result, an eventual 
change in ownership could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, 
financial position and prospects. 
 
3. Risks related to the recent and potential future changes of the composition of the Issuer's Board of 
Directors and/or the Issuer’s Supervisory Board 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's board of directors ("Board of Directors") consists of the members 
referred to in paragraph 'Governance the Issuer' in the chapter 'The Issuer'. As set out in the paragraph 'Changes 
to the Board of Directors' in the chapter 'The Issuer', there were various changes to the composition of the Board 
of Directors in 2020 and 2021. As a consequence, the Chief Financial Officer responsibilities are currently 
performed on an ad interim basis by John Reichardt. On 14 August 2020 the Issuer's supervisory board (the 
"Supervisory Board") also announced that it is investigating the future structure and composition of the Board of 
Directors, in which the Issuer's new strategy for the period 2021 - 2025 is the key element. As a result of the recent 
departures, regulatory authorities may ask the Issuer questions or even commence investigations with respect to 
the governance of the Issuer. The current circumstances and further developments may lead to additional changes 
in the composition of the Board of Directors and/or the Supervisory Board.   
 
It usually takes time for a newly composed board to find the right fit and balance for all members. Further changes 
may therefore – at least during a transitory period – give rise to difficulties in managing the Issuer's operations, 
including a possible inability to in time identify and prevent all risks. Any further changes could affect the Issuer's 
ability to implement strategic initiatives, which may lead to lagging growth or slower adaption to market changes. In 
addition, such changes and the uncertainty associated with the ongoing review by the Supervisory Board and 
potential investigations by regulatory authorities may have a negative effect on the Issuer's reputation (see also the 
risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to risks of damage to its reputation'). Furthermore, it may influence market or 
rating agency perception of the Issuer and could limit its access to money markets and capital markets, which may 
lead to higher funding and refinancing costs. 
 
1.1.2 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
 
A. Risks related to the nature of a particular issue of Notes 
 
1. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The ability of the Issuer to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
45
2. Benchmark reforms may cause benchmarks used in respect of the Notes to be materially amended or 
discontinued  
 
The interest payable on the Notes may be determined by reference to EURIBOR, euro short-term rate ("€STR"), 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SONIA, or by the use of Mid Swap Rate (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms), Rate of Exchange (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or another 
benchmark (each of these indices as well as any substitute, alternative or successor rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(d), including the applicable tenor and currency, the "Reference Rate"). Various benchmarks 
(including interest rate benchmarks such as EURIBOR) may from time to time be the subject of ongoing regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform (including as a result of the EU Benchmarks Regulation). Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. Further to these reforms, a transitioning away from 
the interbank offered rates ("IBORs") to 'risk-free rates' is expected. Given the uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of any such reforms and in the absence of clear market consensus at this time, the 
Issuer is not yet in a position to determine the reforms that will apply and the timing of applying such reforms.  
 
For example, in March 2017, the European Money Markets Institute (the "EMMI") (formerly EURIBOR-EBF) 
published a position paper referring to certain proposed reforms to EURIBOR, which reforms aim to clarify the 
EURIBOR specification, to develop a transaction-based methodology for EURIBOR and to align the relevant 
methodology with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks and other 
regulatory recommendations. EMMI has since indicated that there has been a "change in market activity as a result 
of the current regulatory requirements and a negative interest rate environment" and "under the current market 
conditions it will not be feasible to evolve the current EURIBOR methodology to a fully transaction-based 
methodology following a seamless transition path. EMMI has since strengthened its governance framework and 
has developed a hybrid methodology for EURIBOR. On 28 November 2019, EMMI confirmed it has completed the 
transitioning of the panel banks from the quote-based EURIBOR methodology to the hybrid methodology. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. 
 
Following the implementation of any such reforms (such as changes in methodology or otherwise) or further to 
other pressures (including from regulatory authorities), (i) the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, 
with the result that benchmarks may perform differently than in the past, (ii) one or more benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, (iii) it may create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in 
certain benchmarks, or (iv) there could be other consequences, including those that cannot be predicted. 
 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or any other benchmark could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative 
benchmark, or result in other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark and may adversely affect the trading market and the value of and return on any such 
Notes. See also the risk factor ‘Future discontinuance of the Reference Rate and certain other events relating to 
the Reference Rate may adversely affect the value of Notes and/or the amounts payable thereunder’. In addition, 
any future changes in the method pursuant to which EURIBOR and/or other relevant benchmarks are determined 
or the transition to a successor benchmark may result in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or 
decrease in the reported benchmark rates, a delay in the publication of any such benchmark rates, trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies in certain benchmarks discouraging market participants from continuing to administer 
or participate in certain benchmarks, and, in certain situations, could result in a benchmark rate no longer being 
determined and published. Accordingly, in respect of a Note referencing EURIBOR or any other relevant 
benchmark, such proposals for reform and changes in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on such a Note (including potential rates of interest thereon).

--- Page 46 ---
46
 
Moreover, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Reference Rate or any other 
relevant benchmark, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a Reference 
Rate or other benchmark. See also the risk factor 'The performance of the Issuer depends on its ability to accurately 
price its products and services'.  
 
3. Future discontinuance of the Reference Rate and certain other events relating to the Reference Rate 
may adversely affect the value of Notes and/or the amounts payable thereunder  
 
Investors should be aware that if the Reference Rate has been discontinued or another Benchmark Event (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fallback provisions set out in Condition 6(d) applicable to such Notes. The 
Replacement Reference Rate and other matters referred to under Condition 6(d) will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains 
consent of any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The use of the Replacement Reference Rate may 
result in the Notes that referenced the Reference Rate performing differently (including potentially paying a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the Issuer 
to be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so 
far as practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. However there is no guarantee that 
such an Adjustment Spread will be determined or applied, or that the application of the Adjustment Spread will 
either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, the 
Replacement Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the interest rate.  
 
If the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 6(d) or 
any of the other matters referred to under Condition 6(d), this could result in the application of the fallback provisions 
contained in Condition 6(a) or 6(b), which may result in the Interest Rate being the interest rate applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Benchmark Event occurred and which may ultimately result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note. Additionally, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes that reference to Mid Swap Rate or Exchange Rate, the fallback provisions contained in Condition 
6(d) may be applied.  
 
The application of the fallback provisions contained in Condition 6 may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer 
and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Agent and the Paying 
Agent may make pursuant to Condition 6 that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. The Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and will pursue actions and take steps 
that the Issuer deems or any of its affiliates deem necessary or appropriate to protect its and/or their interests 
arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder.  
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a Replacement Reference Rate, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may 
perform differently from the Reference Rate. For example, several risk free rates, which are overnight rates, are 
currently being developed, while the Reference Rate may have a certain maturity, for example a term of one, three 
or six months. Similarly, these risk free rates generally do not carry an implicit element of credit risk of the banking 
sector, which may form part of the Reference Rate. The differences between the Replacement Reference Rate and

--- Page 47 ---
47
the Reference Rate could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes based on or linked to a Reference Rate or 
other benchmark. 
 
4. There is a risk that the Issuer may be considered an 'administrator' under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation 
 
The Issuer may be considered an 'administrator' under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. This is the case if it is 
considered to be in control over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined Rate of 
Interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Issuer and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable Rate of Interest in the context of a fallback scenario.  
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the 
benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Issuer in the circumstances as 
described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or 
endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to 
discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. The Issuer cannot guarantee that it will and will be able to timely 
obtain registration or authorisation to administrate a benchmark, in case the Issuer will be considered an 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. This will also affect the possibility for the Issuer to apply the 
fallback provision of Condition 6(d) meaning that the Reference Rate will remain unchanged (but subject to the 
other provisions of Condition 6, but particularly Condition 6(a) and 6(b)) and which may ultimately result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note. Other administrators may cease 
to administer certain benchmarks because of the additional costs of compliance with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation such as relating to governance and conflict of interest, control frameworks, record-keeping 
and complaints-handling.  
 
Potential investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and benchmark reforms, investigations and licensing 
issuances in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
 
5. The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR, the €STR and SONIA as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes  
SONIA  
 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that the Bank of England's Working Group 
on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to SONIA over the 
following four years across sterling bond, loan and derivatives markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary 
sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop 
in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. 
In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
SONIA, including Term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an 
average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate that are issued under this Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-

--- Page 48 ---
48
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of SONIA as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
SOFR 
 
In June 2017, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and 
characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR in a number of material aspects. SOFR is 
a broad Treasury repurchase financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions entered into the 
previous business day and repaid on the next business day and is not the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
While SOFR is a secured rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate. And, while SOFR currently is a backward-
looking, risk-free overnight rate only, U.S. dollar LIBOR is forward-looking and includes a credit risk element based 
on interbank funding for a specified term. As such, investors should be aware that U.S. dollar LIBOR and SOFR 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes. The use of SOFR as a reference rate for 
notes is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and 
in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing 
SOFR. 
 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would have 
at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank credit 
risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For the 
same reasons, SOFR is not expected to be a comparable replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Federal Reserve") and is intended to be a 
broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The Federal Reserve 
notes on its publication page for SOFR that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. Because SOFR is published by 
the Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, 
calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. The Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 
2018. The Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR rates going back to 2014. 
Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. 
The Federal Reserve began publishing the SOFR Index on 3 March 2020. 
 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as, for example, three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR, during 
corresponding periods, and SOFR may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. 
In addition, although changes in Compounded SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in 
daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value of the relevant Notes may fluctuate more than other securities that 
are linked to less volatile rates. Due to this volatility in the daily rates, the return on and value of SOFR-linked 
debt securities may fluctuate more than debt securities linked to other reference rates. 
 
According to the ARRC, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts 
as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions

--- Page 49 ---
49
secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not 
consider SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically 
has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of 
banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes 
referencing SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SOFR rates, market participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, currently assessing the differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such 
groups are also exploring forward-looking 'term' SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SOFR may also see component 
inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. dollar LIBOR or another reference rate to 
SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant 
Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method 
by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing 
related to the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices 
of such Notes. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation 
or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. 
 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR would have 
at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank credit 
risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. This may 
mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation 
of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any 
failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the return on and the market price of any Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR. 
 
Investors should carefully review the specific calculation conventions specified in the applicable Final Terms before 
making an investment in any series of Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR. If the market adopts a different 
convention than used for any such series of Floating Rate Notes, this could adversely affect their liquidity and 
market price. 
€STR  
 
The ECB began to publish the €STR Reference Rate on 2 October 2019, intended to reflect trading activity on 1 
October 2019. The development of €STR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any €STR-referenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference €STR may have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities indexed to €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve

--- Page 50 ---
50
over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a 
result. Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference €STR, the trading 
price of such Notes which reference €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely 
used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no 
guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of investors in Notes which reference €STR. If the manner in which €STR is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such 
Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes using €STR as a reference rate may entail significant 
risks not associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities. 
 
In contrast to EURIBOR-based Notes, interest on Notes which reference SOFR, €STR or SONIA are only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period, reference period or interest period (as applicable) 
and immediately prior to the relevant interest payment date whereas rates with reference to EURIBOR were 
determined prior to the commencement of the relevant period. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference SOFR, €STR or SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, 
and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of 
which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based 
Notes, if Notes referencing SOFR, €STR or SONIA become due and payable as a result of an event of default, the 
rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR. 
 
If SOFR, SONIA or €STR do not prove to be widely used benchmarks for securities that are similar or comparable 
to the relevant Notes, the trading price of such Notes may be lower than those of securities that are linked to rates 
that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for securities that are linked to SOFR, SONIA or €STR, including, 
but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and as a result, trading prices of the relevant Notes may be lower than those of later-issued securities that are 
based on SOFR, SONIA or €STR. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
 
6. The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more in relation 
to conventional interest-bearing securities. 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, such as 
Zero Coupon Notes, tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
 
Changes in market interest rates may have a stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of conventional interest-bearing Notes because the discounted issue prices may be substantially below par.

--- Page 51 ---
51
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the 
same maturity and same credit rating. 
 
7. Dual Currency Notes  
 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different 
from the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Prospective investors should be aware that: 
 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; and  
(iii) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected. 
 
8. A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in connection with green projects 
and/or any failure to meet the investment requirements of certain environ-mentally focused investors 
may affect the value and/or trading price of such bonds or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets 
 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to be applied for green projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental purposes, for 
example a portfolio of new and existing loans, that contribute to a climate neutral balance sheet through reduced 
or avoided emissions, in accordance with the Issuer's green bond framework (as amended from time to time) ("de 
Volksbank's Green Bond Framework") and certain prescribed eligibility criteria (see paragraph 1.6 ‘Use of 
Proceeds’). Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". De Volksbank's Green Bond Framework follows 
the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles. 
 
In connection with an issue of Green Bonds the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a "Second Party Opinion") confirming that any Green Bonds are 
in compliance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green 
bond market.  
 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “sustainable”, and therefore no assurance can be provided by the Issuer to potential investors that 
the green projects to be specified in the relevant Final Terms will meet, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements regarding environmental or sustainability performance or continue to 
meet the relevant eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are expected to be selected in accordance 
with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles and are expected to be developed in accordance 
with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental impact will not 
occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green projects. Where any 
negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by 
activist groups or other stakeholders which could have a negative reputational impact on the Issuer and reduce the 
liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued by the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer intends to use the proceeds of any Green Bonds for green projects, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. However, even if the Issuer agrees on the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to use the proceeds for the 
financing and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Loan Portfolios and to certain allocation and/or impact reporting in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms, it would not be an event of default under the Green Bonds if (i) 
the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the Second Party Opinion were to be withdrawn and/or (iii) the Issuer would

--- Page 52 ---
52
amend the Eligibility Criteria and/or (iv) the Issuer were to fail to publish the allocation reporting on the allocation of 
net proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Issuer will under 
no circumstance (i) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds, (ii) 
give the Noteholders a right to request early redemption or accelerate repayment of any Green Bonds or give raise 
to any claim against the Issuer, (iii) require the Issuer to increase any amount of principal or interest payable on the 
Green Bonds or (iv) affect the qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) or have an 
impact on the status and ranking of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may be subject to bail-in and other resolution measures provided by the BRRD in 
the same way as any other Notes with the same status and characteristics issued under the Programme (by way 
of example, Senior Non-Preferred that are Green bonds will be treated equally in bail-in and other resolution 
measures as Senior Non-Preferred that are not Green Bonds). See risk factor 'Write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments and Resolution Event'. Holders of Notes issued as Green Bonds (including Tier 2 Notes and Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities) will not be treated in any way differently than holders of Notes (including Tier 
2 Notes and Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities) which are not issued as Green Bonds, for example in 
relation to Tier 2 Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to the effect that (i) such Green Bonds are equally available 
to absorb losses incurred not only on Eligible Green Loan Portfolio but also on all types of assets on the balance 
sheet of the Issuer, in the event of the Issuer's insolvency, at the point of non-viability or in resolution (as applicable), 
(ii) the lack of sufficient Eligible Green Loan Portfolios has no consequence on such Green Bonds' permanence 
and loss absorbency requirements, (iii) such Green Bonds are equally subordinated to the claims of holders of 
unsubordinated claims against the Issuer, (iv) holders of such Green Bonds will only have limited rights to accelerate 
repayment of the principal amount and events of default are restricted, see the risk factors "The Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities (other than subordinated 
liabilities and capital instruments) in bankruptcy and in resolution" and “Issuances of Subordinated Notes”, (v) the 
holders of such Green Bonds cannot exercise any rights due to failure by the Issuer to comply with any ESG targets, 
and (vi) payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on such Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio or ESG targets of the Issuer. 
 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects and/or any 
failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally and/or sustainability 
focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable 
assets.  
 
9. Issuances of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes  
 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described in Condition 3 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons constitute any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the 
Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands).  
  
As a result of the ranking, set out further in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in the event of 
the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons against the Issuer are subordinated to, amongst others, (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect 
of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms, subject to applicable law, to rank equally to or lower than

--- Page 53 ---
53
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (b) the unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, 
(c) the claims under the Senior Preferred Notes (collectively "Claims Senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Claims"). A holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note may therefore recover less than the holders of deposit liabilities 
or the holders of other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer or the holders of senior preferred liabilities.  
 
With reference to the risk factor 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event', in case 
resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the 
aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers being 
exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain exceptions (discussed further in the 
aforementioned risk factor). 
 
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as 
the Senior Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority of payments higher 
than/to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further senior non-preferred debt 
ranking pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders on a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there 
may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders.  
 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have the benefit of a higher Rate of Interest than comparable Notes, 
there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
the Issuer become subject to insolvency or resolution proceedings.  
 
No holder of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may exercise or claim any right of set-off 
or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with these Notes. 
 
In addition, the rights of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be limited in certain 
circumstances. For example, the Issuer may have to obtain the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority 
before effecting any repayment of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an Event of 
Default (as defined and further set out in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). See Condition 
11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details.  
 
10. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's 
liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities and capital instruments) in bankruptcy and in resolution  
 
As further set out in Condition 2, Condition 3 and Condition 4, the Issuer intends that claims in respect of its Senior 
Preferred Notes will constitute part of the class of "ordinary unsecured claims" referred to in the Directive (EU) 
2017/2399 (the "Article 108 Amending Directive"), whilst its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of the 
new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) 'senior' unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the Subordinated Notes).  
 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the "senior" designation under the 
Programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer (and in case of resolution, whereby the insolvency hierarchy is in principle 
followed, with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to 
certain exceptions as discussed further in the risk factor 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and 
Resolution Event') the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, 
rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over the Senior Preferred Notes) and other 
unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme 
should note that, in the event of the Issuer's insolvency (or resolution), the Issuer would generally expect investors

--- Page 54 ---
54
in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes.  
 
Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of 
its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on 
higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, in a resolution and due to its junior ranking to the Senior Preferred Notes, 
investors in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may generally expect to suffer higher losses than the investors in the 
Senior Preferred Notes (although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes will not 
(also) suffer such high or substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may therefore 
be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the 
market value of the Senior Preferred Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher 
rate of interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more 
risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes (notwithstanding that both share the 'senior' designation under the 
Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under the Programme 
– including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes – 
and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes. 
 
11. Redemption, substitution and variation risk in respect of Notes 
 
The Notes may be subject to an optional redemption feature. Such feature of Notes is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes it has issued when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Notes.  
 
If the Notes are redeemed at the option of the Issuer, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to, in certain circumstances, redeem, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes prior 
to maturity pursuant to and in accordance with Conditions 8(b), (c), (d) or (f) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.  
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or a MREL Event, as applicable (each as defined in Condition 8(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
redeem the relevant Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has notified the relevant Noteholders 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice, or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 15. 
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event and/or a CRD Capital 
Event and/or a MREL Event and/or, in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined in Condition 8(f) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders, either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time 
and/or are eligible for purposes of the MREL Requirement and/or (if ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable) are eligible under the ALAC of the Issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
55
 
Additionally, any redemption, variation or substitution of the Notes may be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission 
of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to such 
redemption, variation or substitution. 
 
The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes. However, the 
Issuer cannot make changes to the terms and conditions of the Notes or substitute the Notes for securities that are 
materially less favourable to the interests of holders of these Notes and following such variation or substitution the 
resulting securities must have at least, inter alia, the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date, redemption rights, 
existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid, and assigned the same ratings as the Notes. 
Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the Notes 
prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 8(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
 
12. The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes is subject to uncertainty and may 
cause the Issuer to redeem these Notes following a MREL Event or Capital Event 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, respectively, are intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) applicable to the 
Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL regulations, and how those 
regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will (continue to) qualify as eligible for the Issuer's MREL 
Requirement. Similarly, the Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes for the 
purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time. However, the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Subordinated Notes shall (continue to) qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes. 
If the Subordinated Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer intends for these Notes to (continue to) qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in which case the foregoing in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes applies similarly to these Subordinated Notes. 
 
The Issuer may be able to redeem (i) the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities if, for any reason, these Notes are or will be excluded from MREL and 
a MREL Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred; and (ii) the Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Notes if, for any reason, these Subordinated Notes are or will be excluded in whole, but not in 
part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer and a Capital 
Event has occurred (as set forth in Condition 8(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). See also the risk factor 
'Resolution regimes may (inter alia) lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding' above. 
 
If any of the Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a MREL Event or a Capital Event, as applicable, or there is a 
perception that such Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of the Notes. In addition, there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Notes.  
 
13. Issuances of Subordinated Notes

--- Page 56 ---
56
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described in Condition 4 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute unsecured subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank as set out further in Condition 4 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
As a result of this ranking, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of Subordinated 
Noteholders against the Issuer are subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits are expressed by their terms, subject to applicable law, to rank equally to or lower than the 
Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) other 
unsubordinated claims and (d) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by law to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes (collectively "Senior Claims"). By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. A Subordinated Noteholder may therefore recover less than the 
holders of deposit liabilities or the holders of other unsubordinated or senior subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. 
On 9 September 2021, a bill on the Dutch implementation of loss-absorption and recapitalisation capacity for credit 
institutions and investment firms was submitted to the Dutch parliament, providing for among other things the 
implementation article 48(7) BRRD (the "48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill"). The 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill 
introduces a statutory hierarchy in bankruptcy distinguishing between own funds instruments and instruments not 
qualifying in full as own funds instruments. This future statutory hierarchy may differ from any hierarchy expressed 
in the contractual terms of Subordinated Notes (including Tier 2 Notes) issued prior to the enactment of the 48(7) 
BRRD Implementation Bill. The 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill provides that in bankruptcy instruments no longer 
qualifying as own funds instruments (which may include previously issued Subordinated Notes (expressed by their 
original terms to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) no longer qualifying as Tier 2 Notes), may be recovered from the bankruptcy 
estate immediately prior to instruments qualifying as own funds. If the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill would be 
enacted in its current form, Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital Event has occurred, or other fully 
disqualified own funds instruments, will in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank senior to (other) Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as own funds (in whole or in part). Although it may be expected that those instruments issued by the 
Issuer no longer qualifying as own funds will, unless otherwise expressed by their terms, rank pari passu with all 
other unsecured and subordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding own funds) of the Issuer 
(including the Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Notes), this ranking among subordinated obligations is 
not explicitly provided for by the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill. Because of this lack of clarity, there is a risk that 
instruments issued by the Issuer no longer qualifying as own funds will rank differently from the Issuer’s other 
unsecured and subordinated obligations, notwithstanding their contractual subordination. The 48(7) BRRD 
Implementation Bill further provides that the newly introduced statutory hierarchy for own funds instruments will 
apply to claims for repayment of the principal amount of the Notes only and not to claims for interest payable on 
such Notes. Consequently, claims of Noteholders for the repayment of the principal amount of the Tier 2 Notes may 
rank junior to the Issuer's other unsecured and subordinated obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding own 
funds)  whereas such Noteholders’ claims for the interest payable on the Tier 2 Notes may rank pari passu to the 
Issuer's unsecured and subordinated obligations. 
 
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority of payments with 
the Subordinated Notes. Also, the Issuer is not restricted in incurring or issuing further subordinated liabilities and 
securities ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Subordinated Noteholders in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-
up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not 
be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders.

--- Page 57 ---
57
No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to 
it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes. 
 
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Noteholders may be limited in certain respects. The Issuer may have to 
obtain the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Subordinated 
Notes following an Event of Default (as defined and further set out in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). See Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions for further details. Also, redemption of Subordinated 
Notes at the option of the holders of Subordinated Notes may be restricted, as further set out in Condition 8(e).  
 
Although Subordinated Notes may have the benefit of a higher Rate of Interest than comparable Notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment 
should the Issuer become subject to insolvency or resolution proceedings.  
 
14. Limited rights to accelerate  
 
Holders of Notes will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Notes. See 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) 
the Issuer being declared bankrupt by a competent court and (ii) an order being made or an effective resolution 
being passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, unless this is done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination or this involves a solvent liquidation. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any interest payment or other obligations under the Notes, such failure will not give holders of the Notes any 
right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Notes. 
 
15. Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event  
 
If the Issuer would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions as set out in Article 21 SRM 
Regulation apply, "Non-Viability Event"), the Issuer may be subject to the write-down, cancellation or conversion 
of relevant capital instruments issued by it (or in cooperation with it) (i.e. Common Equity Tier 1 items, Additional 
Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, each as referred to in the CRR). This write-down and conversion of 
capital instruments tool ("WDCCI") could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of holders of any Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 Notes and the market value of such Notes could be negatively affected.  
 
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions (as set out in Article 18 SRM 
Regulation) would also be met, the Issuer may be placed under resolution ("Resolution Event"). The Resolution 
Authority may in the event of resolution decide to apply certain resolution tools, including a bail-in tool which may 
be applied to recapitalise the Issuer. The bail-in tool extends further than WDCCI, and may also result in the write-
down, or conversion into (claims which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, of eligible liabilities 
of the Issuer (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that are not 
Tier 2 Notes), in accordance with a certain order of priority (see below).  
 
The Resolution Authority should take the write-down and conversion steps in the following order, subject to certain 
exceptions (which are discussed further below): 
 
(i) 
Common Equity Tier 1 items; 
(ii) 
principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
(iii) 
principal amount of Tier 2 instruments;  
(iv) 
principal amount of other subordinated debt (not Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments), in accordance 
with hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings; and

--- Page 58 ---
58
(v) 
principal amount of other not excluded liabilities, in accordance with hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. 
 
This entails that the Resolution Authority should take the write-down and conversion steps among the Notes in 
the following order (again, subject to certain exceptions and potential changes in the future): 
 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes; 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes (but may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities); 
(iii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iv) 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
Also see Conditions 2, 3 and 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in respect of these orders. It follows from 
the above that all relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities of the Issuer (such as Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes that are not Tier 2 Notes) are capable of being written 
down, reduced, or converted into (claims which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, if the Issuer 
is subjected to WDCCI in a Non-Viability Event (extends only to capital instruments) or the WDCCI and/or bail-in 
tool in a Resolution Event (extends also to eligible liabilities) (such write-down or reduction of the outstanding 
principal and accrued and unpaid interest in respect of Notes, ''Statutory Loss Absorption' and such conversion 
into (claims which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, "Recapitalisation"). 
 
In respect of the abovementioned rankings and the principle that the ranking in bankruptcy is followed in case of 
resolution (notably when bail-in is applied), with the relevant resolution powers being applied in a reverse order of 
priority of claims, it is highlighted, as one of the aforementioned exceptions to this principle, that Dutch insolvency 
laws do currently not provide that claims resulting from own funds items (such as Tier 2 instruments) have a lower 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. Said claims may therefore currently 
have a similar ranking in case of bankruptcy under Dutch law, while having a different ranking in case of resolution. 
With respect to the Issuer and the Notes specifically, this could entail that if and when both Tier 2 Notes as well as 
Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 Notes (and any other subordinated obligations not resulting from an 
own fund item) are at any time outstanding, that such Notes would have a similar ranking in bankruptcy while having 
a different ranking in case of resolution (subject to any applicable exceptions and safeguards). As more fully 
described in the section Risk Factors – 'Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event'), 
a new statutory hierarchy in bankruptcy is introduced by the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill. This bill essentially 
seeks to align the hierarchy of Subordinated Notes (including Tier 2 Notes) in bankruptcy with the hierarchy in 
resolution. The statutory hierarchy in bankruptcy may differ from any hierarchy expressed in the contractual terms 
of Subordinated Notes (including Tier 2 Notes) issued prior to the enactment of the 48(7) BRRD Implementation 
Bill. 
 
Other exceptions that may apply to the order in which the Resolution Authority should take the write-down and 
conversion steps notably include the statutory exclusion of certain liabilities from the bail-in tool (cf. Article 44(2) 
BRRD) and the potential exclusion or partial exclusion of certain liabilities from the bail-in tool by decision of the 
Resolution Authority (cf. Article 44(3) BRRD).  
 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of Statutory Loss 
Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims for any principal amount 
and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down. Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and the Noteholders will have no further claims in respect 
of the amount so written down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or such Recapitalisation. If the definitive valuation that is made ex-post shows that the level of write-

--- Page 59 ---
59
down exceeds the requirements, the Resolution Authority may apply a write-up (or 'write back') mechanism to 
reimburse Noteholders, which would essentially entail an increase of the value of their claims under the Notes. 
 
The occurrence of a Non-Viability Event or Resolution Event may be unpredictable and may depend on a number 
of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. The Resolution Authority may require or may cause a write-
down or conversion (or apply any other measure under the Applicable Resolution Framework; see above under 
'Resolution regimes may (inter alia) lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding') in circumstances that are 
beyond the control of the Issuer and with which the Issuer may not agree. It is possible that the Resolution Authority 
will use its powers under the Applicable Resolution Framework (see 'Risk Factors regarding the Issuer' above and 
'Resolution regimes may (inter alia) lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding'), to force a write-down or 
conversion, which could result in subordinated and/or senior debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses (such 
as the Notes).  
 
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding the determination of whether a Non-Viability Event or Resolution 
Event exists, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, a write-down or conversion will occur. Accordingly, market 
prices and trading strategy in respect of Notes which may be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption may differ from 
other types of securities. Any indication that the Issuer may be subject to a recovery or resolution measure, including 
that the Notes may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, could have an adverse effect 
on tradability and/or the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that it may 
lose all of its investment in such Notes (subject to the hierarchy of write-down and conversion), including the 
principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that a recovery or resolution procedure (including 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation) occurs. The amount of MREL held by the Issuer may be insufficient 
to avoid Senior Preferred Noteholders in resolution losing their investment in the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Furthermore, the EC published a consultation paper on the review of the crisis management and deposit insurance 
framework, which, amongst others, considers the introduction of legal preference in insolvency to other categories 
of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD, and which may potentially have a negative impact on 
the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
B. Risks related to Notes generally 
 
1. Modification, waivers and substitution which may be contrary to Noteholders' interests 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority.  
 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification (not being a modification requiring the approval of a meeting of Noteholders) of any of the provisions 
of Notes which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) any modification of the Notes 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the 
Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 18 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (iv) the variation 
or substitution of certain Notes in the circumstances described in Condition 8(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. Any such modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders. 
 
2. Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 60 ---
60
 
Notes may be issued with the intention to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem (as defined under 'Form 
of the Notes') eligibility. This means that such Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
international central securities depositories (the “ICSDs") as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
 
3. Notes held in global form 
 
The Notes will initially be held by a common depositary or common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or by Euroclear Nederland, in each case in the form of a Global Note which may be 
exchangeable for definitive Notes in limited circumstances as more fully described in the section headed 'Form of 
the Notes' below. For as long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary in the 
case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper in the case of a NGN, on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amounts on a Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the relevant Global Note and, in the case of a Temporary Global Note, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. The bearer of the relevant Global Note, being the common depositary or common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland, shall be treated by any Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, as the sole holder of the relevant Notes represented by such Global Note with respect to the 
payment of principal, interest (if any) and any other amounts payable in respect of the Notes. Delivery (uitlevering) 
of definitive Notes represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland shall only be possible in the 
limited circumstances as described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer, "Wge") 
(as amended from time to time) and such delivery will be made in accordance with the Wge and the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Nederland (as amended from time to time). 
 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination of € 100,000 (defined as the minimum "Specified 
Denomination") plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) that are not integral multiples of 
€ 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination (a "Stub Amount") may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. As long as the Stub Amount 
is held in the relevant clearing system, the Noteholder will be unable to transfer this Stub Amount. 
 
4. Nominee Arrangements 
 
Where, in the case of an issuance of Notes a nominee service provider is used by an investor to hold the relevant 
Notes or such investor holds interests in any Series of Notes through accounts with a clearing system (such as 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland), such investor will receive payments in respect of 
principal, interest, (if any) or any other amounts due, as applicable, solely on the basis of the arrangements entered 
into by the investor with the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as the case may be. Furthermore, 
such investor must rely on the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system to distribute all payments 
attributable to the relevant Notes which are received from the Issuer. Accordingly, such an investor will be exposed 
to the credit risk of, and default risk in respect of, the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system, as well 
as the Issuer.

--- Page 61 ---
61
For the purposes of (a) distributing any notices to Noteholders, and (b) recognising Noteholders for the purposes 
of attending and/or voting at any meetings of Noteholders, the Issuer will recognise as Noteholders only those 
persons who are at any time shown as accountholders in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear Nederland as persons holding a principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes. Accordingly, an 
investor must rely upon the nominee service provider which is the accountholder with the relevant clearing system 
through which the investor made arrangements to invest in the Notes (and, if applicable, the domestic clearing 
system through which the Notes are held), to forward notices received by it from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland and to return the investor's voting instructions or voting certificate application 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland. Accordingly, such an investor will be 
exposed to the risk that the relevant nominee service provider or clearing system may fail to pass on the relevant 
notice to, or fail to take relevant instructions from, the investor. In addition, such a Noteholder will only be able to 
sell any Note held by it prior to its stated maturity date with the assistance of the relevant nominee service provider. 
 
5. Change of law and jurisdiction 
 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Prospective investors should note that the Dutch courts shall have jurisdiction in respect of any disputes involving 
any Series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Dutch law may be materially different from the 
equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes. 
 
C. Risks related to the admission of the securities to trading on a regulated market 
 
1. Liquidity risk 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. 
 
2. Interest rate risks 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may 
be more attractive to investors. In this event, such Fixed Rate Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes 
having the same maturity and same credit rating but paying a higher fixed rate of interest. 
  
 
3. Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may

--- Page 62 ---
62
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
 
4. A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during the tenor of 
the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Notes. 
 
5. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and the methodologies of determining credit ratings may be changed from 
time to time leading to potential downgrades. 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. There is no assurance that a rating will remain for 
any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its 
judgement, circumstances in the future so warrant. 
 
Such change may, among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating 
securities with similar structures to the Notes, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer's financial strength or 
other factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. Noteholders and prospective 
investors should be aware that such a change in the methodology of a rating agency could result in certain series 
of Notes being downgraded, potentially to non-investment grade (if the relevant Notes are issued before the new 
methodology is applied by a rating agency to such Notes) or receiving a lower rating than that is currently expected 
from that rating agency (if the relevant Notes are issued after the new methodology is applied by that rating agency 
to such Notes). 
 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, the market 
value of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. 
 
6. Return on an investment in Notes will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Notes will be affected by the level of fees charged by the nominee 
service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may charge fees for the 
opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Notes, custody services and on payments of interest, 
principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which any such 
fees will be charged on the relevant Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
63
D. Definitions list 
 
Any references in this chapter 'Risk Factors' to any particular provision, article, clause, section or paragraph of a 
law, directive, regulation or other legislation shall include such provision, article, clause, section or paragraph as 
consolidated, amended, re-enacted or replaced. 
 
In this chapter 'Risk Factors', the following expressions have the following meanings:  
 
403-guarantee 
a guarantee as referred to in Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil 
Code 
AML 
Anti-Money Laundering 
AML Directive 
Directive 2015/849/EU 
AML Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 
ARRC 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Alternative Reference 
Rates Committee 
Article 108 Amending Directive 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
Basel Committee 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
Basel III Reforms 
Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors 
BRRD 
Directive 2014/59/EU (Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive) 
CET1 
Common Equity Tier 1 
CRD 
CRR and CRD Directive 
CRD Directive 
Directive 2013/36/EU 
CRR 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
DDPA 
Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel) 
DNB 
De Nederlandsche Bank N.V. 
Dutch Intervention Act 
Dutch Act on special measures regarding financial institutions 
(Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen) 
DSG Directive 
Directive 2014/49/EU 
EBA 
European Banking Authority 
ECB 
European Central Bank 
EMIR 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
EMU 
Economic and Monetary Union 
ESMA 
European Securities and Markets Authority

--- Page 64 ---
64
EU Banking Reforms 
The banking reform package including amendments to the 
CRD Directive (Directive (EU) 2019/878), the CRR (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876), the BRRD (Directive (EU) 2019/879) and the 
SRM (Regulation (EU) 2019/877) 
EURIBOR 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
Federal Reserve 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
GDP 
Dutch gross domestic product 
GDPR 
General Data Protection Regulation 
IBORs 
Interbank offered rates 
ICSDs 
international central securities depositories  
Investor's Currency 
investor's financial activities which are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit 
LIBOR 
London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 
Listed Jurisdiction 
a jurisdiction listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on 
low-taxing jurisdictions and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
niet-
coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) 
 
MREL 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
NLFI 
NL Financial Investment 
Non-Viability Event 
occurs if one or more other conditions as set out in Article 21 
SRM Regulation apply 
PSD II 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 
Qualifying Interest 
a directly or indirectly held interest – either individually or jointly 
as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that 
gives the holder of such interest definite influence over the 
decisions of the entity in which the interest is held and allows 
for the determination of its activities 
 
Recapitalisation 
the conversion into (claims which may give rights) Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments 
 
Reference Rate 
EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, Mid Swap Rate, Rate of 
Exchange or another benchmark as well as any substitute, 
alternative or successor rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(d), including the applicable tenor and currency 
Resolution Event 
occurs when the Issuer may be placed under resolution if the 
Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other 
resolution conditions (as set out in Article 18 SRM Regulation) 
would also be met 
Senior Claims 
(a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits are expressed by their terms, subject to

--- Page 65 ---
65
applicable law, to rank equally to or lower than the 
Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to 
the repayment of borrowed money, (c) other unsubordinated 
claims and (d) subordinated claims expressed by their terms to 
rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes priority to the 
Subordinated Notes 
Set-off Repayment 
the immediate transfer to the Issuer of an amount equal to the 
amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
SFTR 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/2365 
SME 
small and medium enterprises 
SOFR 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
SONIA 
Sterling Over Night Index Average 
Specified Denomination 
the denomination of the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms 
SRM Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014  
SSM SREP 
SSM Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
Statutory Loss Absorption 
the write down of the outstanding principal and accrued and 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes 
Stub Amount 
a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination 
WDCCI 
the write-down and conversion of capital instruments tool 
Wge 
Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) 
€STR 
 
 
 
 
 
 euro short-term rate

--- Page 66 ---
66
1.2 CERTAIN NOTICES TO INVESTORS 
 
1.2.1 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer declares that, 
to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by 
the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer. The Dealers do not accept any liability in relation to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
Furthermore, none of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer to be appointed under the Programme, the Agent shall 
be responsible for the acts or omissions of any relevant nominee service provider or clearing system nor makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the services provided by any relevant nominee service 
provider or clearing system. 
 
1.2.2 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for 
a period of up to 12 months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 14 October 2022, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus.  
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in accordance with any amendment or supplement hereto 
and with any other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Series or 
Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers to furnish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in case of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noticed between the time when this Base 
Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Tranche of Notes or, as the case may be, when trading 
of any Tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, any document incorporated by 
reference herein, or the applicable Final Terms, or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer.

--- Page 67 ---
67
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and this Base Prospectus 
and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall not in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in such documents is correct at any time subsequent to their 
respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since 
such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the time indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Arranger and any Dealer expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of 
the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its own legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them 
by Regulation S. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Arranger or any Dealer 
in their capacity as such. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes (including an evaluation of the financial condition, creditworthiness and affairs of 
the Issuer) and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any supplements; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and

--- Page 68 ---
68
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks 
(including, without limitation, those described in 'Risk Factors' in this Base Prospectus). 
 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. See 'Subscription and Sale' below. 
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such offer or solicitation. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, further action may be required under the Programme which would permit a public offering of the Notes 
or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers 
of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer 
of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
All offers remain subject to restrictions set out in the section 'Subscription and Sale' in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
 
In connection with the issue of any Series or Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer 
of the relevant Notes and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or

--- Page 69 ---
69
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Any loss resulting from any such over-allotment or stabilisation shall be borne, and any net profit arising 
therefrom shall be retained, by the relevant Stabilising Manager for its own account.

--- Page 70 ---
70
1.3 THE ISSUER  
 
1.3.1 
Incorporation and ownership 
De Volksbank N.V. was incorporated on 18 December 1990 as a "naamloze vennootschap", a public company 
under Dutch law, as a result of the merger of several regional savings banks. Its legal name is de Volksbank N.V. 
and its corporate seat is in Utrecht, the Netherlands. The registered office of the Issuer is Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ, 
Utrecht, the Netherlands and the Issuer is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
(Handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel), under number 16062338. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer is 724500A1FNICHSDF2I11. The telephone number of the Issuer is +31(0)30 291 5200. The website of the 
Issuer is https://www.devolksbank.nl. Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including 
www.volksbank.nl, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, 
in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
 
The articles of association of the Issuer were most recently amended by notarial deed on 30 March 2019 before 
Mr. W.H. Bossenbroek, civil law notary practising in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  
 
As per the date of this Base Prospectus, NLFI is, on behalf of the Dutch State, the sole shareholder of the Issuer 
(see chart below).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                      
 
 
 
 
 
                              
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NLFI 
 
de Volksbank 
N.V. 
Several 
subsidiaries 
 
Ordinary Shares 
100%

--- Page 71 ---
71
1.3.2 
Governance the Issuer 
The Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board consist of the members set out below.  
 
1.3.3 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors consists of, and the principal activities performed by the members of the Board of Directors 
outside the Issuer, which are significant with respect to the Issuer, are as follows:  
 
Mr. M.H.J. Gribnau, Chief Executive Officer  
Member Board of the Dutch Banking Association  
 
Mr. J.C. Reichardt, Chief Financial Officer a.i. 
None 
 
Mr. J.R. Dijst, Chief Risk Officer 
None 
 
Mrs. M.L. van der Meer, Chief Customer Officer 
Member Committee on Consumer Affairs of the Dutch Banking Association 
 
All members of the Board of Directors have full time positions and have elected domicile at the registered office of 
the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer has announced that it intends to introduce an executive committee consisting of statutory (i.e. members 
of the Board of Directors) and non-statutory members. As a result, the position of Chief Operations Officer will 
cease to exist. The below three positions will be added to the executive committee as non-statutory members and 
will together with the members of Board of Directors form the executive committee. 
 
 Chief Transformation Officer 
 
 Chief People and Organisation Officer 
 
 Chief Information Officer 
 
The Issuer is currently recruiting candidates for these positions. 
 
1.3.4 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of and the principal activities outside the Issuer of the members of the Supervisory 
Board are as follows: 
 
Mr. G. Van Olphen, Chairman  
Member Supervisory Board of a.s.r. / Member Audit & Risk Committee 
Member Oversight Board Foundation 
 
Mr. J.H.P.M. van Lange 
Member Supervisory Board of Bouwinvest N.V / Chairman Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee 
Member Board of Governors of Tilburg University

--- Page 72 ---
72
Chairman Catholic Higher Education Foundation  
Member Investment Advisory Committee of DELA (insurance company) 
 
Mr. A.H.P. Kregting  
Chief Information Officer of AkzoNobel N.V. 
Member Supervisory Board of UMC Utrecht 
 
Mrs. J.G.H. Helthuis 
Managing director of Van Doorne 
Member supervisory board of ProRail 
 
Mrs. P.C. van Hoeken 
Member supervisory board of Nordea 
Member supervisory board of Nederlandse Waterschapsbank 
 
1.3.5 
Audit Committee 
The audit committee of the Issuer (the "Audit Committee") currently consists of two members (each members of 
the Supervisory Board): 
 
Mr. J.H.P.M. van Lange, Chairman 
Mrs. P.C. van Hoeken 
Mr. A.H.P. Kregting 
 
The Audit Committee supports the Supervisory Board in its decision making. The Audit Committee provides advice 
to the Supervisory Board in, inter alia, the following areas: 
(i) 
the set up and operation of the framework of the internal risk management and control systems of the 
Issuer set up and maintained by the Board of Directors and senior management of the Issuer, including 
the compliance with relevant laws and regulations and supervision on the functioning of internal and 
external codes of conduct; 
(ii) 
the quality, completeness, accuracy and timeliness of the provision of financial information by the Issuer 
on the basis of which the achievement of the objectives of the Issuer and its business units shall be 
assessed; 
(iii) 
compliance with recommendations and follow-up of observations of internal auditors, external auditors, tax 
advisors, actuaries and regulatory authorities;  
(iv) 
discussions on the checks and audits performed by the Audit department in respect of the internal risk 
management and control systems of the Issuer; 
(v) 
the role and the functioning (scope, effectiveness and quality) of the Audit function of the Issuer, including 
the assessment of risk analyses, annual plans, quarterly reports and performance reports prepared by the 
Audit function; 
(vi) 
the policy of the Issuer in respect of tax planning; 
(vii) 
the effectiveness, scope, independence, quality and involvement of the external auditor, including the 
financial reporting process; 
(viii) 
adoption of the annual accounts, approval of the annual budget and major capital investments as well as 
funding of the Issuer; and  
(ix) 
the applications of information and communication technology.  
 
The Audit Committee shall ensure a robust process and shall provide the Supervisory Board of the Issuer with 
advice regarding the (re)appointment, remuneration and the cancellation of the assignment of the external auditor.

--- Page 73 ---
73
The chairman of the Audit Committee shall be actively involved in the appointment, assessment/remuneration, 
suspension and dismissal of the audit director ("Audit Director"). 
 
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Audit Director and external auditor have 
standing invitations to attend the meetings of the Audit Committee. The chairman of the Audit Committee, the Audit 
Director and the external auditor hold a preliminary consultation prior to each meeting, unless the persons involved 
consider this to be unnecessary. Once a year, a meeting of the Audit Committee takes place where only the Audit 
Director and the external auditor are present.  
 
1.3.6 
The Issuer and the Banking Code  
The revised banking code published by the Dutch Banking Association in October 2014 and effective as of 1 
January 2015 (the "Banking Code") consists of a package for sound governance. It is a product of self-regulation 
of Dutch banks. It consists of a Social Charter, the Banking Code and the rules of conduct associated with the 
bankers’ oath, which must all be seen in conjunction with one another. All three elements of this package are clearly 
reflected within the internal manifesto of the Issuer. 
 
The Banking Code is applicable on a licensing level. It is therefore applicable to the Issuer and to all of the Issuer’s 
banking activities. All the principles of the Banking Code have been embedded in the Issuer's business processes.  
 
The 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
provides 
an 
overview 
of 
the 
application 
of 
the 
Banking 
Code 
(https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/about-us/code-banken). Compliance with the Banking Code is constantly 
monitored and is due to its nature a dynamic process. 
 
1.3.7 
The Issuer and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
The Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the "Code") is a code of conduct applicable to listed companies. The 
Code contains principles and best practice provisions for sound governance, that regulate relations between the 
board of directors, the supervisory board and shareholders (including the general meeting of shareholders) and 
stakeholders. Although the Code is not applicable to the Issuer, the Issuer voluntarily applies the Code. The Code 
is based on the principle of 'comply or explain'. See https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/about-us/nederlandse-
corporate-governance-code for an overview of how the Issuer implements the provisions from the Code in its 
governance structure. 
 
1.3.8 
Potential conflicts of interest of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board 
There are no potential conflicts between any duties of the Issuer and the private interests and/or other duties of the 
Board of Directors members and/or the Supervisory Board members of the Issuer. These members may obtain 
financial services of the Issuer. Internal rules are in place for the situation in which a conflict of interest should arise. 
 
1.3.9 
Independent Auditor 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP ("Ernst & Young") has been appointed as independent auditor to the Issuer as of 
1 January 2016. All audit partners of Ernst & Young involved in the audit of the financial statements of the Issuer 
are a member of the Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants, NBA).  
 
1.3.10 Rating Agencies 
The Issuer has been rated by independent rating agencies Moody's, S&P and Fitch. The most recently published 
reports by these rating agencies, expressing opinions on any of the ratings assigned to the Issuer, are made 
available on www.volksbank.nl under the headings 'Investor relations' > 'Credit ratings'. Please see below an 
overview of the ratings assigned to the Issuer.

--- Page 74 ---
74
1.3.11 Ratings of the Issuer per date of this Base Prospectus 
  
Long term credit ratings 
S&P 
Moody's 
Fitch 
The Issuer 
A- (stable)  
A2 (stable) 
A- (stable) 
 
Short term credit ratings 
S&P 
Moody's 
Fitch 
The Issuer 
A2 
P-1  
F1 
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.3.12 Company profile 
The Issuer has a focus on the Dutch market, offering understandable and transparent mortgage, savings and 
payment products to private individuals and smaller companies. The Issuer also offers insurance and investment 
services and aims to maintain its strong liquidity profile and capital structure. 
 
 
The Issuer is pursuing a multi-brand strategy with ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, RegioBank and SNS. Each of these 
brands has its own distinctive profile that meets the needs of its customer group. A single back office, a powerful 
IT organisation and a central staff organisation allow the Issuer to operate effectively and efficiently. 
 
The mission of the Issuer – banking with a human touch – is described in its manifesto. To live up to this mission, 
the Issuer has the ambition to optimise shared value. This means that the Issuer serves the joint interests of 
customers, society, employees and shareholder(s). 
 
The Issuer has the following four bank brands each displaying its own identity and image. ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, 
RegioBank and SNS. 
 
Four Bank brands: 
 
 
ASN Bank's mission is to contribute to a more sustainable society, based on its pillars of climate change, human 
rights and biodiversity. ASN Bank is working towards a more sustainable society in two ways. Firstly, in its 
banking activities, through (project) loans and the investments made by the bank and its investment funds. 
Secondly, in its non-banking activities, such as collaboration with other organisations and knowledge sharing; 
 
 
BLG Wonen is the brand for the independent advisor who gives broad house and home-related financial advice 
to clients. BLG Wonen seeks to create a society in which every person has a house where he feels at home. 
BLG Wonen is known for being a personal services provider and is firmly committed to retaining this personal 
touch by, for example, developing campaigns geared to specific target groups and their housing needs. In 
addition to serving new customers, BLG Wonen also seeks to strengthen the ties with its existing customers 
and advisers; 
 
 
RegioBank works with independent advisers having a franchise relationship with this brand. RegioBank offers 
a range of products, serving retail customers and SME customers in the areas of payments, savings and 
mortgages. RegioBank aims for local savings to be invested locally in the form of mortgages while also focusing 
on the retention of mortgage customers. RegioBank promotes initiatives that stimulate vitality and liveability; 
and

--- Page 75 ---
75
 
SNS is a brand for ordinary Dutch consumers and has a course that fits in well with SNS's roots as a social 
bank. SNS positions itself as a no-nonsense brand for ordinary Dutch consumers and as a clear alternative to 
the major banks. SNS shows (prospective) customers that they really have a choice and proves this by offering 
unique products and services. It is the brand's ambition to be a larger, visible player, including in the mortgage 
and payments markets. Presenting a clear and simple product range, SNS offers its customers comprehensive 
solutions for payments, (bank) savings, mortgages, insurance, borrowing and profile investment. The objective 
is to intensify the relationship with the customer by proactively giving advice, listening carefully and discovering 
any additional wishes. 
 
1.3.13 Supervision 
The regulatory framework is under constant scrutiny, at a national, supranational and international level. Many new 
rules and regulations have entered into force in recent years and will enter into force the following years. Important 
changes with respect to the supervision on the Issuer have been and will be introduced by CRD, the implementation 
of the BRRD, the SRM Regulation, the EU Banking Reforms and the Basel III Reforms (see Risk Factors – 'Major 
changes in laws and regulations as well as enforcement action could have a negative impact on the Issuer' and 
'Resolution regimes may (inter alia) lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for 
their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding'). 
 
Within the group consisting of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, the following entities hold licences under the Wft 
(excluding finance service providers licences): 
 
Bank: 
de Volksbank N.V. 
 
Alternative Investment Fund Manager: 
ASN Beleggingsinstellingen Beheer B.V. 
 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
The SSM is one of the elements of the Banking Union. The SSM has created a new system of financial supervision 
comprising the ECB and the national competent authorities of participating EU countries. The Issuer is considered 
a 'significant credit institution’ under the SSM and is therefore since 4 November 2014 subject to direct supervision 
by the ECB. Specific tasks relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions have been conferred to the 
ECB. 
 
1.3.14 Additional capital buffer requirement  
The Issuer has been designated as an 'other systemically important bank'. In connection therewith, an additional 
capital buffer requirement under CRD of 1% of its risk-weighted assets ("RWA") has been imposed on the Issuer 
since 2019.  
 
1.3.15 Recent developments 
 
1.3.15.1 End of Restructuring Plan 
In 2013, the European Commission imposed a number of conditions and restrictions on the Issuer within the scope 
of the nationalisation of SNS REAAL (currently SRH N.V.). These conditions and restrictions were laid down in the 
so called ‘Restructuring Plan’ and applied until the end of the restructuring period on 31 December 2017. The 
European Commission has announced in medio 2018 that it is satisfied with the manner in which the Issuer has 
implemented the Restructuring Plan and has accordingly also confirmed the end of the restructuring period.

--- Page 76 ---
76
1.3.15.2 Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)  
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation resulted in the introduction of MREL as a buffer to absorb losses. This buffer 
applies in addition to the capital ratios under the capital requirements regulations (CRD) that the Issuer has to 
adhere to. The MREL is institution-specific and set in respect of the Issuer by the Single Resolution Board. On 10 
May 2021, the Issuer received the MREL requirements to be met as from 1 January 2022 and as from 1 January 
2024. The Issuer has to meet a MREL of 7.87% of the leverage ratio exposure as from 1 January 2022. As a binding 
intermediate MREL target, the Issuer has to meet a MREL of 6.55% of the LRE with subordinated instruments (Tier 
1 capital, Tier 2 capital and Senior Non-Preferred notes) as from 1 January 2022. As from 1 January 2024, the 
7.87% MREL has to be fully met with subordinated instruments. The Issuer has to meet a risk-weighted MREL of 
23.28% of RWA as from 1 January 2022. As from 1 January 2022, the Issuer has to meet a MREL of 13.5% of 
RWA with subordinated instruments. The risk-weighted MREL of 23.28% has to be fully met with subordinated 
instruments as from 1 January 2024. Capital used to meet the risk-weighted MREL requirements cannot be used 
to meet the combined buffer requirement. For the Issuer, the non-risk-weighted MREL requirements are more 
restrictive than the risk-weighted MREL requirements. 
 
1.3.15.3 Future options of the Issuer 
On 1 July 2016, the Dutch Minister of Finance sent a letter to the House of Representatives on the future of and 
privatisation options for the Issuer. In this letter the Minister of Finance subscribed NLFI's conclusion that it is too 
early to make a decision on the Issuer’s future and that execution of the strategic plan of the Issuer would require 
two or three years to achieve long term optimal value creation. The Minister of Finance will decide on the future of 
the Issuer after the Issuer has regained a strong position in the Dutch banking landscape. 
 
On 14 September 2017, the Minister of Finance sent a letter to the Dutch House of Representatives reaffirming 
NLFI's conclusion in its progress report of September 2017 that the Issuer will needs the time remaining of the 
original two to three years to create optimal long term value and that future options will be elaborated on as soon 
as the Issuer is sufficiently ready for him to make a decision.  
 
Together with the second progress report by NLFI published in October 2018, the Minister of Finance sent a letter 
to the Dutch House of Representatives on 27 November 2018 reaffirming NLFI's conclusion in its second progress 
report. NLFI concluded in its second progress report that the Issuer has made good progress with respect to its risk 
management, in implementing innovative technology and with respect to its standardisation of products and 
processes. However, NLFI was of the opinion that the Issuer needed more time to further develop its strategy and 
to further strengthen its identity. 
 
Furthermore, NLFI indicated that it is important that the Issuer strives to achieve the objectives it has set, including 
the intended improvement between costs and income, in order for the Issuer to have a good proposition for 
privatisation. NLFI concluded that the Issuer needs the time remaining of the original two to three years to create 
optimal long term value and to complete the transition it started in 2016. As soon as the Issuer is ready for 
privatisation, NLFI will advise the Minister of Finance accordingly.  
 
On 14 November 2019, the Issuer’s future was on the agenda of a general consultation between the Minister of 
Finance and the financial spokespersons for the political parties in the House of Representatives. The reason for 
the consultation was the Minister’s letter to the House of Representatives about NLFI’s progress report 2019 on the 
Issuer. In the letter, the Minister wrote that a decision with respect to the Issuer’s future could not be made at that 
time based on the NLFI report and market conditions, despite the fact that the three-year period previously indicated 
had expired. During the consultation, the Minister expressed his intention to present a broader perspective on the 
diversity of the Dutch banking landscape.

--- Page 77 ---
77
In order to optimise its business model, the Issuer presented its strategic plan 2021-2025 on 12 February 2021. 
The strategy is intended as a response to developments such as the increasing demand for digitisation in the 
Issuers services, intensification of the customer relationship, and the need for cost control and diversification of 
income in order to alleviate the pressure that the sustained low interest rate environment exerts on the Issuer's 
returns. 
 
On 30 June 2021, NLFI published a progress report in which it concluded that the Issuer has to be provided scope 
for implementing the new strategy to demonstrate the new strategy’s success to NLFI, regarding which NFLI 
expressed the expectation that it will take multiple years until the new strategy will entail a structural improvement 
in the Issuer’s financial results. 
 
On 6 July 2021, the Minister of Finance informed the Dutch House of Representatives in a letter about NLFI’s most 
recent progress report of 30 June 2021 and a survey regarding the Issuer’s future options. In this progress report 
NLFI noted that the strategy for 2021-2025 of the Issuer is a fitting response to the challenging market 
circumstances, but that it will take several years for the (financial) impact of the strategy to become visible. NLFI 
also noted the uncertainties around the targeted income growth and cost control and will continue to closely monitor 
implementation of the strategy. All things considered, NLFI concluded that it is still too early for a decision on the 
privatisation of the Issuer. In this letter to the House of Representatives, the Minister of Finance agreed with NLFI’s 
observations and conclusions. In the survey, the Minister has set out (assessments of) four future options and six 
(non-exhaustive) governance models with the aim of providing perspectives on how to retain the Issuer’s social 
character when it is privatised or when it remains a state-owned bank.  
 
1.3.15.4 Redundancy plan  
As part of its strategic plan 2021-2025, the Issuer is introducing a single, uniform agile organisational structure and 
working method in which independent, fully responsible (customer) teams make up the heart of the organisation. 
This is expected to lead to products and services becoming available to customers at an earlier point in time and 
to a stronger customer relationship with both retail customers and SME customers. 
 
This agile organizational structure and working method should lead to a more customer-oriented and more efficient 
way of working, which is expected to result in a reduction of 400-450 jobs in the period 2021-2023. The Issuer will 
assist the employees involved with due care by means of retraining programmes and by helping them move from 
one job to another as much as possible. A provision totalling € 45 million has been formed for this purpose. In 
parallel with this process, new employees having the capabilities needed for the strategy will be recruited in the 
next few years. The details of the selection process will partly depend on the growth rate. How many jobs this 
concerns partly depends on the growth rate. 
 
1.3.15.5 The Issuer participated in the SSM stress test  
In 2021, the Issuer participated in the SSM stress test exercise conducted by the ECB. This stress test complements 
the EU-wide stress test exercise conducted by the European Banking Authority ("EBA") ("EBA stress test") and 
addressed banking groups other than those 50 institutions taking part in the EBA stress test. The SSM stress test 
was performed at the highest level of consolidation and was based on the same methodology as that of the EBA 
stress test. It did not contain a pass/fail threshold. The stress test assesses the resilience of European banks to 
extreme but plausible adverse market developments over a period of three years.  
 
Contrary to the EBA stress test results, the results of the SSM stress test are published, although only high-level. 
Based on the assumptions and methodological restrictions of the stress test’s adverse scenario, the Common 
Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of the Issuer at year-end 2023 would end up in the highest range of ≥ 14%, as used by 
the ECB, and would remain amply above the SREP CET1 capital ratio requirement of 9.41%. At 31 December 
2020, the CET1 capital ratio of the Issuer stood at 31.2%.

--- Page 78 ---
78
 
Stress test results for all significant institutions are used to assess the pillar 2 capital needs of individual banks in 
the context of the SSM SREP. Currently, based on the amended SSM SREP decision of 2019, the Issuer is required 
to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 9.41% as from 12 March 2020 (transitional, including 
the pillar 2 requirement). The original 2019 SREP decision was amended as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As a result, the minimum required CET1 ratio was lowered from 10.5% to 9.41%. This CET1 capital requirement 
also includes the capital conservation buffer of (currently) 2.5% and the buffer for other systemically important 
institutions of (currently) 1%. The ECB did not issue a SREP decision for 2020. 
 
The Issuer's CET1 capital ratio decreased from 32.6% at year-end 2019 to 31.2% at year-end 2020. The ratio is 
therefore well above its current internal objective of 19.0% and the 9.41% CET1 overall capital requirement following 
from the SSM SREP, including applicable buffers. 
 
1.3.15.6 Legal merger between de Volksbank N.V. and SNS FinanCenter B.V. 
On 30 December 2020, a legal merger took place between de Volksbank N.V. and SNS FinanCenter B.V., a 
mortgage broker. With the completion of this merger, SNS FinanCenter B.V. ceased to exist and all activities of 
SNS FinanCenter B.V. are continued by the Issuer. 
 
1.3.15.7 Acquisition of Fitrex B.V. 
On 1 September 2021, the Issuer announced the acquisition of property valuation platform Fitrex B.V. Through the 
acquisition, the Issuer expands its services with a complementary service in its core activity ‘housing’, thus 
contributing to income diversification. 
 
1.3.15.8 Capital distribution 
On 16 December 2019, the Issuer announced its proposal to make a capital distribution on top of regular dividend 
in the amount of € 250 million to its shareholder, NLFI. The capital distribution contributes to a more efficient capital 
position and has a positive effect on the return on equity. The capital distribution occurred in the second half of 
December 2019 and was charged to the share premium reserve. No capital distribution was made in 2020. 
 
1.3.15.9 2020 Annual Results of the Issuer 
On 12 February 2021, the Issuer published a press release and financial report regarding its 2020 results and 
subsequently it published its 2020 annual report on 11 March 2021. The 2020 results included the following 
highlights.  
 
In 2020, ASN Bank, BLG Wonen, RegioBank and SNS combined welcomed 235,000 new customers. Setting this 
off against customers who left the bank, the total number of customers rose by 72,000. This was largely attributable 
to the growth in the number of current account customers. 
 
The Issuer’s new mortgage production increased to € 5.9 billion, from € 5.5 billion in 2019 (+7%). The market share 
of new mortgages dropped to 5.0% (2019: 6.1%). This decline was due to intense competition and the further 
increased demand for mortgages with a fixed-rate term of 15 years or more. On a total residential mortgage portfolio 
basis, the market share was lower at 6.2% (2019: 6.4%). 
 
Mortgage repayments amounted to € 6.1 billion, up compared with 2019 (€ 5.3 billion). This was mainly a 
consequence of the expanding mortgage refinancing market and an increase in the number of people moving 
house. Contractual repayments also gradually increased in line with the changing composition of the mortgage 
portfolio, reflected in an increase in annuity mortgages. Early repayments rose significantly as a result of a sizeable 
mortgage refinancing market. As mortgage production was slightly lower than repayments and because of other

--- Page 79 ---
79
movements (- € 0.2 billion), the Issuer’s mortgage portfolio showed a decrease to € 47.8 billion compared with € 
48.2 billion at the end of 2019. 
 
As a result of the high demand for mortgages with a fixed-rate term of 15 years or more, the share of these 
mortgages in the total portfolio grew to 24.6% (€ 11.4 billion), compared with 19.6% at year-end 2019 (€ 9.2 billion). 
 
Retail savings at the Issuer rose to € 42.1 billion, compared with € 38.4 billion at year-end 2019. The Issuer's market 
share showed a limited increase to 10.8% (2019: 10.6%). 
 
Compared with 2019, net profit dropped to € 174 million (2019: € 275 million). Of this drop, € 34 million is attributable 
to incidental items, consisting entirely of a restructuring provision of € 45 million before tax in 2020 in connection 
with the transformation to a new organizational structure and way of working. 
 
Net profit, adjusted for incidental items, decreased by € 67 million to € 208 million (-24%). This drop was mainly 
attributable to a swing in impairment charges of financial assets. These amounted to € 38 million, after a reversal 
of € 7 million in 2019. In addition, adjusted total operating expenses were € 33 million higher. Total income showed 
a limited decline of € 6 million. 
 
The Return on Equity ("RoE") amounted to 5.1%. Excluding incidental items, the adjusted Return on equity stood 
at 6.1%, down compared to 2019 (7.7%), a decline compared with 2019 (7.7%) as a result of a lower net profit 
combined with higher average shareholders’ equity. The cost/income ratio (operating expenses excluding 
regulatory levies divided by total income) was 65.2%. Adjusted for incidental items, the cost/income ratio was 
60.3%, an increase compared with 2019 (57.3%) and nearly entirely caused by higher operating expenses 
excluding regulatory levies 
 
The Issuer’s CET1 capital ratio decreased to 31.2%, from 32.6% at year-end 2019, primarily due to an increase in 
RWA. CET1 capital increased by € 67 million, mainly due to the addition of 2H19 and 1H20 net profits, after 
deduction of a dividend reservation, partly offset by an expected impact of the update of the Advanced Internal 
Ratings Based ("AIRB") model for the Issuer's retail mortgages RWA increased by € 652 million, mainly as a result 
of an expected impact of the update of the Issuer's AIRB model (€ 0.6 billion). This is already included in the capital 
figures as per YE20. The CET1 capital ratio remained well above the Issuer's target of at least 19%. The total 
capital ratio was down from 37.8% (at year-end 2019) to 36.1%. 
 
The leverage ratio increased from 5.1% at year-end 2019 to 5.2%, mainly driven by an increase in the leverage 
ratio numerator (Tier 1 capital) by € 67 million. The leverage ratio denominator is the risk exposure amount as 
defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). The increase in risk exposure amounted to € 0.5 billion. 
This increase mainly results from the growth in the balance sheet total (€ 4.6 billion) and a deduction of central 
bank exposures of € 4.5 billion, as allowed by the ECB as a temporary Covid-19 relief measure. The increase in 
the balance sheet total was mainly due to the growth in deposits. 
 
The Issuer has set a dividend payout target range of 40% - 60% of net adjusted result. In line with this policy, the 
Issuer proposes to pay out a dividend of € 104 million on the 2020 profit. This implies a pay-out ratio of 50% of the 
adjusted net profit and 60% of the net profit. The proposed 2020 dividend will be distributed when the ECB 
recommendation on dividend payments permits. 
 
Strategic Plan 2021-2025  
On 12 February 2021, the Issuer published a press release on its new strategic plan for the period 2021-2025. The 
strategy is intended as a response to developments such as the increasing demand for digitisation in the Issuer's

--- Page 80 ---
80
services, intensification of the customer relationship, and the need for cost control and diversification of income in 
order to alleviate the pressure that the sustained low interest rate environment exerts on the Issuer's returns.  
 
The strategy builds on two pillars of growth: customer relationship and social impact: 
• 
The strategy aims for growth by strengthening the customer relationship and further increasing the 
social impact; 
• 
In the new strategy, the Issuer assigns growth priority to the four strong, distinctive bank brands SNS, 
ASN Bank, RegioBank and BLG Wonen; 
• 
The Issuer will expand its services to SME business owners; 
• 
The Issuer will broaden its range of products and services to become more relevant to customers; and 
• 
The services the Issuer provides through the four bank brands are always personal and nearby with 
digital services and shops. 
 
Part of the strategy is an organisational change: faster, more digital and more agile: 
• 
The fine-tuned strategy is intended to make the Issuer faster, more digital and more agile; 
• 
The Issuer is introducing a single, uniform agile organisational structure and working method with 
independent, fully responsible (customer) teams; 
• 
This agile organisational structure and working method, will result in a more customer-oriented, and 
more efficient operation, which is expected to reduce the number of jobs within the Issuer by 400-450 
in the next 3 years; 
• 
New jobs will be created in parallel with this and depending on the growth rate, which means that new 
employees will join the Issuer in the next few years. To this end new employees will be recruited with 
the knowledge and skills required for the new strategy. The Issuer's current employees are given the 
opportunity to develop in this; and 
• 
An Executive Committee will be formed for a successful implementation of the strategy. 
 
1.3.15.10 
Tier 2 green bond issue  
On 15 July 2020, the Issuer issued € 500 million of subordinated Tier 2 green bonds. The notes have a term of 
10.25 years and a coupon of 1.75%. There was a very strong participation from ESG investors who have a particular 
focus on sustainable investments and got allocated 73% of the transaction. 
 
1.3.15.11 Green Senior Non-Preferred Notes Issue 
On 24 February 2021, the Issuer successfully issued its first Senior Non-Preferred  Notes, also the first issuance 
under its newly updated Green Bond Framework 2021, aligned with the EU Green Bond Standard. The Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, totalling € 500 million, have a term of 7 years and a coupon of 0.375%. On 15 June 2021, the 
Issuer again issued € 500 million of  Senior Non-Preferred Notes. These notes have a term of 5 years and a coupon 
of 0.25%.  
 
1.3.15.12 Changes to the Board of Directors 
Annemiek van Melick resigned as Chief Financial Officer on 1 September 2019. From 1 September 2019 until 19 
March 2020, Maurice Oostendorp acted as Chief Financial Officer, including the associated statutory 
responsibilities, until the new Chief Financial Officer (Peter Veuger) was appointed.  
 
On 27 May 2020, in an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, Martijn Gribnau was appointed as a member 
of the Board of Directors as well as Chief Executive Officer. This appointment has been approved by the supervisory 
authorities. Martijn Gribnau joined the Board of Directors as of 14 June 2020 and has taken over the position of 
Chairman of the Board of Directors from Maurice Oostendorp as of 15 August 2020.

--- Page 81 ---
81
On 14 August 2020, the Supervisory Board announced it decided to part ways with Pieter Veuger, Chief Financial 
Officer of the Issuer, after concluding that the dynamics between the members of the Board of Directors did not 
provide an adequate basis for constructive cooperation. The Supervisory Board is currently investigating the future 
structure and composition of the Board of Directors, in which the new 2021-2025 strategy is the key element. On 
Saturday 5 September 2020 a meeting was held with NLFI on the intended dismissal of Pieter Veuger (CFO). The 
purpose of this meeting was to give all members of the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board the opportunity 
to render their advice, following the positive advice of the works council of the Issuer. 
 
On 12 November 2020, the Supervisory Board announced that Chief Operating Officer Mirjam Verhoeven agreed 
to resign as a member of the Board of Directors. Differences of opinion regarding the day-to-day affairs, the policy 
to be pursued and the course that the bank is to follow have resulted in this decision. 
 
On 15 April 2021, in an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, John Reichardt was appointed as a member 
of the Board of Directors as well as Chief Financial Officer ad interim. This appointment has been approved by the 
supervisory authorities. John Reichardt joined the Board of Directors as of 15 April 2021. 
 
1.3.15.13 Changes to the Supervisory Board 
On 21 April 2021, the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer was held. On this day, the terms of office of 
Monika Milz and Sonja Barendregt-Roojers as members of the Supervisory Board expired in conformity with the 
rotation schedule. Both Supervisory Board members have indicated not to be available for reappointment.  
 
On 13 August 2021, on the recommendation of the Supervisory Board, NLFI has appointed Gerard van Olphen as 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board with effect from 13 August 2021. Gerard van Olphen’s appointment has been 
approved by the supervisory authorities and his term of office will run until the general meeting of shareholders of 
2025. Gerard van Olphen succeeded Jan van Rutte who, on 11 March 2021, announced to step down early as 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board as soon as a successor had been appointed. 
 
On 20 September 2021, upon the nomination by the Supervisory Board, NFLI has appointed Jeanine Helthuis and 
Petra van Hoeken to the Supervisory Board with effect from 20 September 2021. Jeanine Helthuis was nominated 
for appointment by the works council of the Issuer under its reinforced right of recommendation. Their term of office 
will run until the general meeting of shareholders of 2025. The appointments have been approved by the supervisory 
authorities. The Supervisory Board is now at full strength, and presently consists of Gerard van Olphen (Chairman), 
Jeanine Helthuis, Petra van Hoeken, Aloys Kregting and Jos van Lange. 
 
1.3.15.14 Semi-annual results 2021 the Issuer  
On 13 August 2021, the Issuer published its financial report regarding the 2021 half year ending on 30 June 2021. 
In this interim financial report 2021 the following highlights were included. 
 
 
In the first half of 2021, the brands of the Issuer combined welcomed 133,000 new customers. On a net basis, the 
number of customers increased by 60,000. The increase was mainly attributable to a stronger growth in customers 
with current accounts and savings deposits. 
 
The Issuer’s new mortgage production showed a limited increase to € 3.3 billion, from € 3.0 billion in the first half 
of 2020. In a market in which volumes have grown strongly, the Issuer's market share of new residential mortgage 
production decreased to 4.9% (1H20: 5.6%), mainly driven by competition and the ever increasing demand for 
mortgages with a fixed rate term of 15 years. On a total residential mortgage portfolio basis, the market share 
remained was lower at 6.1% (1H20: 6.4%).

--- Page 82 ---
82
Mortgage repayments rose to € 3.1 billion (1H20: € 2.9 billion), mainly as a result of an increase in the number of 
people moving house, but also of the rising mortgage refinancing volumes. The Issuer managed to slightly grow its 
mortgage portfolio, excluding IFRS value adjustments, as new mortgage production was broadly offset by 
redemptions and other changes. Including IFRS value adjustments, the residential mortgage portfolio decreased to 
€ 47.3 billion (year-end 2020: € 47.7 billion). Reference is also made to the update on COVID-19 consequences 
and the approach of the Issuer on page 14 and 15 (Update Covid-19 crisis) of the interim financial statements for 
the period ended 30 June 2021 of the Issuer. 
 
As a result of the high demand for mortgages with a fixed-rate term of 15 years or more, the share of these 
mortgages in the total portfolio grew to 28%, compared with 25% at year-end 2020. Retail savings at the Issuer 
rose further to € 44.7 billion, compared with € 42.1 billion at year-end 2020. Market share in retail savings was 
slightly higher at 11.0% (year-end 2020: 10.8%). 
 
Compared with the first half of 2020, net profit dropped by € 12 million to € 94 million (-11%). This drop was 
attributable to € 63 million lower total income and € 30 million higher total operating expenses. This was partly 
compensated by a € 76 million swing in impairment charges of financial assets. 
 
RoE amounted to 5.5%, lower compared to the first half of 2020 (6.2%) as a result of a lower net profit.  
 
The cost / income ratio stood at 77.2%, an increase compared to the first half of 2020 (60.8%), as a result of lower 
total income and higher operating expenses including regulatory levies. 
 
In the first half of 2021, the Issuer’s CET1 capital ratio went down to 28.3%, from 31.2% at year-end 2020, primarily 
due to an increase in risk weighted assets (RWA). CET1 capital decreased by € 29 million as the addition of 2H20 
net profit (adjusted for 60% regular dividend pay out ratio) was more than offset by the estimated impact of the EBA 
guidelines on Definition of Default and by the most recent impact estimate of the update of the AIRB model for the 
Issuer's residential mortgages. RWA increased by € 948 million, largely due to the estimated impact of the update 
of the Issuer's AIRB model for residential mortgages. This estimated impact amounted to € 1.2 billion as at 1H21, 
compared to € 0.6 billion at year-end 2020. Of this increase, € 439 million has been taken into account based on 
the most recent impact estimate of the updated AIRB model and € 175 million was due to the estimated impact of 
the EBA guidelines on Definition of Default. The CET1 capital ratio remained well above the Issuer's target of at 
least 19.0%. The total capital ratio was down from 36.1% (at year-end 2020) to 32.9% (as per 30 June 2021). 
 
The leverage ratio went down to 5.1%, from 5.2% at year-end 2020, due to a decrease of Tier 1 capital by € 29 
million and an increase of the leverage ratio denominator by € 153 million in the first half of 2021. The denominator 
is the risk exposure amount as defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). On 18 June 2021, the ECB 
announced that banks under its direct supervision may continue to exclude certain central bank exposures from 
the leverage ratio calculation until 31 March 2022. As at the end of June 2021, the Issuer had deducted an amount 
of € 8 billion of central bank exposures from its leverage ratio exposure.  
 
1.3.15.15 Dividend distribution 
On 28 July 2020, the ECB requested banks not to pay out dividends for 2019 and 2020 until at least 1 January 
2021 on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Issuer has, therefore, temporarily postponed the planned dividend 
payment for 2019. Although the dividend has not yet been paid out, the amount has already been reserved for 
dividend distribution, as a result of which it is no longer part of the bank’s CET1 capital. Following the general 
meeting of shareholders in April 2020, the dividend determined for 2019 was declared and recognised as a liability 
in the balance sheet. If the deferred dividend was to be added to the capital, this would require a shareholders' 
resolution to pay up the capital.

--- Page 83 ---
83
On 21 April 2021, the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer was held. At the general meeting of 
shareholders, NLFI - in addition to adopting the financial statements for 2020 - agreed to the Issuer’s proposal to 
distribute a dividend of € 104 million to be charged to the result for 2020. Given the current uncertainty surrounding 
the coronavirus, the dividend will, on the recommendation of the ECB, not be paid out before 1 October 2021. NLFI 
also agreed to a payment on 22 April 2021 of a partial amount of € 20 million of the € 165 million dividend distribution 
for the 2019 financial year as declared at the general meeting of shareholders in 2020. The remaining dividend for 
2019 of € 145 million will not be paid out before 1 October 2021.  
 
On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to extend its dividend recommendation to exercise extreme prudence beyond 
September 2021. Instead, supervisors will assess the capital and distribution plans of each bank as part of the 
regular supervisory process. Given this announcement, as stated on page 29 of the interim financial statements for 
the period ended 30 June 2021 of the Issuer, the Issuer intends to pay out the remaining 2019 dividend and the 
2020 dividend for a total amount of € 249 million in October 2021. Since the intended dividend amount already 
classifies as debt, distributing this amount will not affect the Issuer’s capital position. 
 
1.3.15.16 Profit forecast 
On 12 February 2021, the Issuer published a press release regarding the Issuer’s 2020 annual results, which 
includes the following profit forecast: "All things considered, we are expecting the net profit for 2021 to be lower 
compared with 2020." 
 
The Issuer expects its net profit for the full year 2021 to be lower than in 2020, mainly due to: 
 
1. Net interest income in 2021 is expected to be lower than in 2020, especially as a result of lower interest 
income on mortgages in the sustained low interest rate environment; 
2. Regulatory levies are expected to be higher as the contribution to the Deposit Guarantee Scheme is 
expected to be raised, and 
3. Adjusted operating expenses excluding regulatory levies will not be lower than in 2020. 
 
This forecast is comparable with the Issuer’s historical financial information and consistent with its current 
accounting policies. The profit forecast has been prepared on the basis of certain (internal and external) 
assumptions, including the principal assumptions as set out below. 
 
The principal assumptions upon which the Issuer bases its forecast and that the Issuer can influence are as follows:  
(a) factors that influence net interest income are: continuous competitive pricing of mortgages, an 
unchanged interest rate policy for savings rates in 2021 and lower interest margin on existing 
product portfolios. Fee income and expenses forecasts are based on existing products (pricing) 
and market expectations;  
(b) no significant interruption in operational performance and programme execution;  
(c) our operating expenses excluding regulatory levies will not be lower than in 2020;  
(d) no disruption in or change to the development of products; and  
(e) no material change to the Issuer’s existing capital structure. 
 
The principal assumptions upon which the Issuer bases its forecast and that are exclusively outside the influence 
of the Issuer are as follows:  
(a) a significant deterioration of the macro-economic outlook for the Dutch market that influences the 
provisioning models and the level of loan impairments of the Issuer, the assumptions include

--- Page 84 ---
84
parameters like GDP growth, unemployment, interest rates, housing transactions and number of 
bankruptcies;  
(b) worsened general trading conditions, economic conditions or competitive environment which 
would materially affect the Issuer’s business;  
(c) a material change in the ability or willingness of the Issuer's customers to meet their contractual 
obligations, including payment obligations to the Issuer;  
(d) changes in the legislative or regulatory environment which could have a material effect on the 
Issuer; and  
(e) an adverse outcome to any material litigation or investigation. 
 
Notwithstanding the above mentioned press release and the assumptions above, the actual net profit for the full 
year 2021 may deviate from expectations stipulated therein. 
 
1.3.15.17 Board dynamics 
On 18 February 2021, the Issuer published a press release regarding the ‘Working with a Human Touch’ survey 
report drafted by Paul Nobelen and Gerrard Boot, an independent survey into the board dynamics of the Issuer. 
The report contains the results of the survey of the functioning of the Board of Directors, the interaction between 
the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board and their members, especially in the period from January to 
August 2020, and all that the researchers considered relevant in this respect. The researchers were asked to pay 
attention to why members of the Board of Directors were apparently experiencing insufficient openness and safety 
to express any divergent opinions and whether any intimidating or other inappropriate behaviour had taken place. 
NLFI fulfilled a monitoring role in this process. 
 
1.3.15.18 Legal proceedings 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries are and may become from time-to-time involved in governmental, legal and 
arbitration proceedings that relate to claims by and against it which ensue from its normal business operations. The 
overview below concerns the proceedings that may have or have had a significant effect on the issuer. 
 
Madoff 
In 2010, liquidators of three Madoff-feeder funds (the "Feeder Funds") initiated legal proceedings in New York 
against, amongst others, the custody entity of the Issuer, SNS Global Custody, and its clients as former beneficial 
owners of investments in these funds. They claim repayment of payments made by the Feeder funds for 
redemptions of investments by these beneficial owners. A similar proceeding was initiated by one of these funds 
against SNS Global Custody and other defendants in the British Virgin Islands (the "BVI"), which proceedings have 
ended in favour of the Issuer. In line with these lawsuits, Bernard Madoff's trustee has also initiated proceedings in 
New York against, amongst others, the Issuer and SNS Global Custody.  
 
 
The status of the aforementioned proceedings in New York (in which many financial institutions worldwide are sued 
in similar proceedings) is as follows: 
 
 
- Fairfield Funds: In April 2019, the New York bankruptcy court dismissed all claims brought by the Fairfield Funds 
liquidators against SNS Global Custody except for claims under the BVI Insolvency Act. The Fairfield Funds 
liquidators have appealed that ruling to the New York district court. As of April 2020, the briefing in the appeal is 
complete. A decision is expected. In the meantime, the Fairfield Funds liquidators have filed an amended complaint 
against SNS Global Custody in the New York bankruptcy court with respect to their BVI Insolvency Act claims. On 
14 December 2020 the bankruptcy court issued a favorable decision, which resulted in the dismissal of the claims 
against SNS Global Custody on 9 March 2021. Fairfield Funds Liquidators have appealed to the district court

--- Page 85 ---
85
against the bankruptcy court’s decision. 
 
 
- Madoff Trustee: In November 2016, the New York bankruptcy court issued a decision that resulted in the dismissal 
of all claims asserted by the Madoff trustee against the Issuer and SNS Global Custody. The Madoff trustee 
appealed this decision to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, which overturned the bankruptcy court’s decision in 
February 2019. A group of defendants, including the Issuer and SNS Global Custody, have asked the U.S. Supreme 
Court to hear an appeal of the Second Circuit’s decision (and to reinstate the bankruptcy court’s decision). On June 
1, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review the Second Circuit’s decision. Because the U.S. Supreme 
Court declined to review the Second Circuit’s decision, in time the cases will return to the Bankruptcy Court for 
further proceedings. 
 
 
In each of these proceedings, the Issuer is strongly defending itself, but cannot give a reliable estimate of possible 
provisions resulting from these claims at the moment. 
 
Proceedings following the nationalisation 
 
 
General 
Various former holders of the in 2013 expropriated securities and capital components have initiated legal 
proceedings to seek compensation for damages. At the time that the 2021 interim financial statements were drawn 
up, no court proceedings had (yet) been initiated against the Issuer other than those stated below. Currently, it is 
not possible to make an estimate of the probability that possible legal proceedings of former holders or other parties 
affected by the nationalisation may result in a liability of the Issuer, or the level of the financial impact on the Issuer. 
For this reason, at the time that the 2021 interim financial statements were drawn up, no provisions were made in 
respect of possible legal actions by former holders concerning the expropriated securities and capital components 
and other affected parties. As the outcomes of possible legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it 
cannot be ruled out that a negative outcome may have a material negative financial impact on the capital position, 
results and/or cash flows of the Issuer. 
 
 
Inquiry proceedings by Dutch Investors’ Association 
In November 2014, the Dutch Investors’ Association (Vereniging van Effectenbezitters; "VEB") filed a petition with 
the Enterprise Chamber for an inquiry into the management of SRH (formerly SNS REAAL), the Issuer and 
Propertize (formerly SNS Property Finance) for the period 2006 – present. SRH, the Issuer and Propertize disputed 
the authority to file a petition for an inquiry. The Enterprise Chamber granted the request related to SRH and rejected 
the request related to Propertize. The decision related to the Issuer was deferred by the Enterprise Chamber. SRH 
appealed against the decision to grant the request in October 2015. The Issuer and Propertize joined this application 
for cassation. On 4 November 2016, the Supreme Court held that the VEB had locus standi to request an inquiry 
against SRH and remitted the case back to the Enterprise Chamber. On 26 July 2018 the Enterprise Chamber 
granted an inquiry with respect to the management of SRH (formerly SNS REAAL) and the Issuer in the period of 
1 July 2006 until 1 February 2013. In addition, the Enterprise Chamber ruled that both SRH and the Issuer have to 
bear the costs of the inquiry. SRH and the Issuer lodged an appeal in cassation against the decision of the 
Enterprise Chamber. Appeal in cassation has no suspensory effect. On 2 August 2018 the Enterprise Chamber 
appointed three investigators. The investigators presented an action plan for the inquiry which has been approved 
by the court on 7 November 2018. The investigators have started their inquiry thereafter. The investigators’ final 
report was published on 27 July 2021. On 27 September 2021 the VEB thereupon requested the Enterprise 
Chamber in a subsequent procedure to rule that with respect to SRH and the Issuer there has been 
mismanagement ("wanbeleid") in the period of 1 July 2006 until 1 February 2013.

--- Page 86 ---
86
 
Guarantees pursuant to Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code for Propertize 
In the context of the transfer of the shares of SNS Property Finance B.V. (currently Propertize) via the Dutch State 
to NLFI on 31 December 2013, the Issuer withdrew the 403-guarantee for Propertize on 31 December 2013 and 
also terminated the remaining liability. The expiry of the objection period made this withdrawal irrevocable for all 
creditors, with the exception of initially two parties. After a settlement had been reached with one of the parties, the 
403-guarantee issued by the Issuer only remains in place for the other creditor of Propertize (i.e. Commerzbank). 
On 26 Augustus 2019 the Issuer received a copy of a request of Commerzbank addressed to the Court of First 
Instance to order a provisional expert report in order to determine whether there are defects in a building financed 
by Propertize. If such defects are found and none of the other contractually liable parties pay the (potential) claim 
of Commerzbank, the Issuer could potentially be held liable for a maximum amount of € 8 million. This claim may 
have a significant effect on the Issuer as referred to at the beginning of this paragraph ‘Legal proceedings’ above. 
The court appointed a provisional expert in May 2020. His draft report was delivered on 16 July 2021. The parties 
in the proceedings can give their comments on the report in September 2021. After processing the comments the 
provisional expert will publish his final report, which is expected in the last quarter of 2021. 
 
 
Other proceedings relevant to the Issuer 
In addition, there are proceedings to which the Issuer is not a party or in which it is not the direct subject of 
investigation, but the course and results of which may have a material impact on the Issuer's position. 
 
This applies to the compensation proceedings before the Enterprise Chamber initiated by former holders of 
expropriated securities and capital components of SRH and the Issuer. On 26 February 2016, the Enterprise 
Chamber decided that the value of the expropriated securities and assets, and consequently whether or not any 
compensation is due, is to be determined by court-ordered expert examination. In this context, the Enterprise 
Chamber appointed three experts. They delivered their draft report on 15 December 2017 and – after assessing 
the comments of the parties concerned - filed their final report on 27 April 2018. On 26 April 2019 the Enterprise 
Chamber ruled that the three experts need to make an additional assessment with regards to the valuation of 
expropriated securities and assets. A new draft expert report was delivered to the Enterprise Chamber on 30 
September 2019. The Dutch State and other parties have responded to this report and an oral hearing took place 
on 24 September 2020. The Enterprise Chamber delivered its judgment on 11 February 2021 and ruled that the 
securities and other assets of the Issuer and SRH expropriated on 1 February 2013 (nationalisation date) had a 
total value of € 804,810,000 excluding interest. The Dutch State lodged an appeal in cassation at the Supreme 
Court against this verdict. If the Supreme Court will rule that a compensation has to be paid, the Dutch State will 
have to pay it.

--- Page 87 ---
87
1.4 SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
 
The Issuer's publicly available financial statements and auditor's report for the years ended 31 December 2020 (set 
forth on pages 128 up to and including 191 (financial statements) and pages 195 up to and including 202 (auditor's 
report) of its 2020 annual report) and 31 December 2019 (set forth on pages 156 up to and including 221 (financial 
statements) and pages 224 up to and including 231 (auditor's report) of its 2019 annual report) are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. The information contained in this section of the Base Prospectus is derived 
from the publicly available financial statements. 
 
 
Key Figures of the Issuer 
 
(amounts in millions of EUR) 
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
 
____________ 
____________ 
Total assets 
67,484
62,841 
Loans and advances to customers  
50,542
50,461 
of which mortgage loans 
47,697
48,090 
 
Amounts due to customers 
53,653
49,045 
of which savings  
42,111
38,404 
 
Equity distributable to Shareholders 
3,450
3,435 
Total capital 
3,734
3,656 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio  
31.2%
32.6% 
Tier 1 ratio  
31.2%
32.6% 
Total capital ratio  
36.1%
37.8% 
 
Net interest income 
850
875 
 
Other income  
73
54 
of which net commission and management fees 
46
51 
 
Net profit / loss 
208
275 
 
Branches in numbers (unaudited) 
688
720 
 
Employees in numbers (fte's, ultimo) (unaudited) 
3,171 
2,991 
3,171
2,991 
 
1.4.1 
Capitalisation of the Issuer 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation and long-term indebtedness of the Issuer on a consolidated basis: 
 
(amounts in millions of EUR) 
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
Short-term debt (remaining terms to maturity up to and including 
five years) 
 
 
- Savings  
40,787
37,130
- Other amounts due to customers 
9,418
8,174
- Derivatives 
764
408
- Debt certificates 
1,986
3,193

--- Page 88 ---
88
- Amounts to banks 
882
488
- Subordinated debts 
500
502
- Other liabilities 
596
487
Total short-term debt 
54,933
50,382
Long-term debt (remaining terms to maturity over five years) 
- Savings 
1,324
1,274
- Other amounts due to customers 
2,123
2,467
- Derivatives 
1,399
1,433
- Debt certificates 
4,133
3,713
- Amounts due to banks 
63
53
- Subordinated debts 
--
--
- Other liabilities and deferred tax liabilities6 
58
85
Total long-term debt 
9,100
9,025
- Savings 
42,111
38,404
- Other amounts due to customers 
11,541
10,641
- Derivatives 
2,163
1,841
- Debt certificates 
6,119
6,906
- Amounts due to banks 
945
541
- Subordinated debts 
500
502
- Other liabilities and provisions 
655
572
Total debt 
64,034
59,407
Total equity and debt 
67,484
62,842
 
* The issued and paid-up share capital consists of 840,008 shares with a nominal value of € 453.79 each. 
Share Capital* 
381 
381 
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve 
22 
26 
Fair Value reserve 
29 
19 
Other Reserves 
2,844 
2,734 
Retained Earnings 
174 
275 
Total equity 
3,450 
3,435 
 
1.4.2 
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
 
1.4.3 
Independent Auditor 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 2019 and 2020 have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The independent auditor has given an unqualified opinion for each 
of these years. 
 
1.4.4 
Summary Consolidated Accounts  
The 2019 and 2020 financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU. 
 
                                                        
6 Long-term debt Other liabilities includes liabilities for which the contractual maturity was not determined of € 52 million (2019 € 70 million).

--- Page 89 ---
89
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
In € millions 
31-12-2020 
31-12-2019 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
4,672 
2,026 
Derivatives 
864 
718 
Investments 
5,113 
5,350 
Loans and advances to banks 
5,990 
3,791 
Loans and advances to customers 
50,542 
50,461 
Tangible and Intangible assets 
110 
128 
Tax assets 
42 
99 
Other assets 
 
151 
268 
Total assets 
67,484 
62,841 
 
 
 
Equity and liabilities 
 
 
Savings 
42,111 
38,404 
Other amounts due to customers 
11,541 
10,641 
Amounts due to banks 
945 
541 
Debt certificates 
6,119 
6,906 
Derivatives 
2,163 
1,841 
Deferred tax liabilities 
17 
15 
Other liabilities 
558 
492 
Provisions 
80 
64 
Subordinated debts 
500 
502 
 
Share capital 
381 
381 
Other reserves 
2,895 
2,779 
Retained earnings 
174 
275 
Shareholders’ equity 
3,450 
3,435 
 
Total equity and liabilities 
67,484 
62,841 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Profit And Loss Account 
 
In € millions 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
Income 
 
 
Interest income 
1,148 
1,263 
Interest expense 
298 
388 
Net interest income 
850 
875 
 
 
 
Fee and commission income 
121 
118 
Fee and commission expense 
75 
67 
Net fee and commission income 
46 
51 
 
 
 
Investment income 
17 
12 
Result on financial instruments 
9 
(10) 
Other operating income 
1 
1 
Total income 
923 
929

--- Page 90 ---
90
 
 
 
Expenses 
 
 
Staff costs 
427 
373 
Depreciation and amortisation of tangible and intangible assets 
29 
36 
Other operating expenses 
196 
165 
Impairment charges 
38 
(7) 
Other expenses 
-- 
-- 
Total expenses 
690 
567 
 
 
 
Result before taxation 
233 
362 
Taxation 
59 
87 
 
174 
275 
-- 
-- 
174 
275 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
174 
275 
 
-- 
-- 
Net result for the financial year 
174 
275 
 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
 
In € millions 
 
2020 
 
2019 
 
 
 
Cashflow from operating activities 
 
 
Result before taxation 
233 
362 
Adjustments for: 
 
 
Depreciation and amortisation of tangible and intangible assets 
15 
20 
Changes in other provisions and deferred tax 
38 
(7) 
Impairment charges and reversals 
38 
(7) 
Unrealised results on investments through profit and loss 
(84) 
(60) 
Tax paid 
(2) 
(51) 
Change in operating assets and liabilities 
 
 
Change in advances and liabilities to customers 
(819) 
(125) 
Change in advances and liabilities to banks 
(1795) 
(777) 
Change in derivatives assets and liabilities 
176 
735 
Change in savings 
3,707 
1,028 
Change in trading portfolio 
10 
(10) 
Change in other operating activities 
181 
(51) 
Net cashflow from operating activities 
3,336 
1,057 
 
 
 
Cashflow from investing activities 
 
 
Sale of property and equipment and intangible assets 
6 
3 
Sale and redemption of investments 
2,933 
4,806 
Purchase of intangible assets 
-- 
-- 
Purchase of property and equipment 
(12) 
(11) 
Purchase of investments 
(2,675) 
(5,318) 
Net cashflow from investing activities 
252 
(520) 
 
Cashflow from financing activities 
 
 
Issue of subordinated loans 
498 
-- 
Issuances of debt certificates 
1,828 
2,191

--- Page 91 ---
91
Redemption of subordinated loans 
(498) 
-- 
Redemption of debt certificates 
(2,591) 
(1,093) 
Redemption of lease liabilities 
Paid dividends 
Paid capital distribution 
(14) 
(165) 
-- 
(13) 
(161) 
(250) 
Net cashflow from financing activities 
(942) 
674 
Net decrease of cash and cash equivalents 
2,646 
1,211 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 
2,026 
815 
Change in cash and cash equivalents 
2,646 
1,211 
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 
4,672 
2,026 
 
 
 
Additional disclosure with regard to cashflows from 
operating activities 
 
 
Interest received 
1,418 
1,553 
Dividends received 
-- 
-- 
Interest paid 
374 
643 
 
Capitalisation  
in € millions 
   2020 
    2019 
Capital instruments 
381 
381 
Share premium 
3,537 
3,537 
Retained earnings 
174 
275 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) 
53 
52 
Other reserves 
(695) 
(810) 
Shareholders' equity  
3,450 
3,435 
Not-eligible interim profits 
(131) 
(214) 
Not-eligible previous years’ retained earnings  
-- 
-- 
Shareholders' equity for CRD IV purposes 
3,319 
3,221 
Cashflow hedge reserve  
(22) 
(26) 
Other prudential adjustments 
(4) 
(6) 
Total prudential filters 
(26) 
(32) 
Intangible assets 
-- 
(2) 
IRB shortfall1 
-- 
(31) 
Additional deductions of CET1 Capital due to Article 3 CRR 
(70) 
-- 
Total capital deductions 
(70) 
(33) 
Total regulatory adjustments to shareholders' equity 
(96) 
(65) 
CRD CET 1 capital 
3,223 
3,156 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
-- 
-- 
Tier 1 capital  
3,223 
3,156 
Eligible Tier 2 
500 
500 
IRB Excess 
11 
-- 
Tier 2 capital  
511 
500 
Total capital  
3,734 
3,656 
 
(i) The IRB shortfall is the difference between the expected loss under the CRR/CRD Directive and the IFRS 
retail mortgages provision.

--- Page 92 ---
92
1.5 FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
Each Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be initially represented by a 
temporary Global Note (the "Temporary Global Note") (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent Global Note (the "Permanent Global Note")), without receipts, interest coupons or talons, which, if it is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will either (i) be delivered to a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing systems or (ii) 
be deposited with Euroclear Nederland and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Note is represented 
by a Temporary Global Note and subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions, payments of principal and interest (if any) 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note 
only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) has or have 
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has or they have received) to the Agent and the Amsterdam 
Listing Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearing and/or 
settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the standards for the use of 
EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations' of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. Recognition 
as eligible collateral will also depend on satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is not less than 40 days nor more than 90 days after the date 
on which the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge) upon request as described therein, either for interests in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, 
interest coupons or talons, or for Definitive Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the 
Notes are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions) against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the 
second sentence of the preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the relevant 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes') the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a Temporary Global Note representing a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of 
such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which 
are different from the ISIN and common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at 
least the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable 
to the Notes of such Tranche. In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded 
in amounts in excess of € 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof) that are not integral multiples of € 100,000 (or the 
equivalent thereof). So long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note 
and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradeable only in the minimum authorised 
denomination of € 100,000 increased with integral multiples of € 1,000, notwithstanding that no Definitive Notes will 
be issued with a denomination over € 199,000.

--- Page 93 ---
93
Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. Definitive Notes and Global Notes will be bearer. 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through the relevant clearing 
system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Global Note (other than a Permanent 
Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland) will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for security printed Definitive 
Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. Such exchange 
may be made only upon the occurrence of any Exchange Event. An "Exchange Event" means (1) the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (2) any of 
the circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes occur or (3) the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which would not be required were the Notes represented in definitive form. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (1) 
above, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the 
Global Note, may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Agent.  
 
Global Notes and Definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. At the date hereof, neither 
Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg regard Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form. 
Delivery (uitlevering) of definitive Notes represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland shall 
only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Wge (as amended from time to time) and such 
delivery will be made in accordance with the Wge and the rules and regulations of Euroclear Nederland (as 
amended from time to time). 
 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes, Definitive Notes, Receipts and interest Coupons (including 
Talons) which are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions:  
 
'Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitation under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.' 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss of Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any 
sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Nederland as the case may be. 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which 
is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution compliance period applicable to the 
Notes of such Tranche.

--- Page 94 ---
94
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes held in Euroclear Nederland: 
 
'Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Euroclear Nederland at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Any person being 
offered this Note for transfer or any other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is almost certain to be 
involved.' 
 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and a 
holder of such Note so represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than 
Euroclear Nederland) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from 
the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such 
Global Note, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) 
(other than Euroclear Nederland) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Nederland) on and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note. In the case of a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland, the rights 
of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the Wge (as amended from time to time).

--- Page 95 ---
95
1.6 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
1.6.1 
General  
 
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, if so required pursuant to applicable 
law. 
 
1.6.2 
Green Bonds 
 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an offer of 
Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental purposes, in accordance 
with de Volksbank’s Green Bond Framework. De Volksbank's Green Bond Framework follows the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles.  
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, de Volksbank's Green Bond Framework provides that the 
Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds of the Green Bonds to a portfolio of new and existing loans, that 
contribute to a climate neutral balance sheet through reduced or avoided emissions (the "Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio"), provided that it will meet the following criteria ("Eligibility Criteria"):  
 
(i) 
Green buildings: defined as buildings which meet the following criteria:  
 
new or existing residential buildings with an Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) label "A" in the 
Netherlands; and  
 
refurbished Dutch residential buildings with at least a 30% improvement in energy efficiency. The Issuer 
may provide dedicated residential refurbishment loans.  
 
(ii) 
Energy Efficiency: Measures contributing to a more efficient use of energy, such as but not limited to:  
 
Geothermal or Hybrid heat pumps  
 
Alternative heating  
 
Floor, wall and roof isolation  
 
Energy efficient windows, doors and frames  
 
Energy efficiency advisory  
 
Energy storage  
 
Energy efficient lighting such as LED 
 
The Issuer will strive to, and expects there to be sufficient eligible green loans available for, the full allocation of the 
proceeds of the Green Bonds to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. In limited instances, the Issuer will temporarily 
hold the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio in its treasury liquidity 
portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments with a sustainable character (such as green and social 
bonds), as it deems necessary in line with de Volksbank’s Green Bond Framework. In such case, the Green Bonds 
will continue to qualify as Green Bonds under de Volksbank’s Green Bond Framework. Potential investors should 
make their own assessment about making any investment decision with respect to the Green Bonds. The Issuer 
will review and approve allocations of Green Bonds proceeds to Eligible Green Loan Portfolio on at least an annual 
basis.

--- Page 96 ---
96
1.6.3 
Process for evaluation and selection 
 
The Issuer requires that loans comply with official national, supranational and international environmental and social 
standards, laws and regulations. It is also part of the Issuer’s transaction approval process to ensure that loans 
comply with the Issuer’s sustainability policy, including those financed with the proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Projects as proposed by various business areas of the Issuer are evaluated and selected by the Issuer’s Climate 
Neutral Committee (CNC), based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria in de Volksbank's Green Bond 
Framework. 
 
1.6.4 
Management of proceeds and reporting 
 
The Green Bond Proceeds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. The Issuer will strive, over time, 
to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio which matches or exceeds the balance of net 
proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Additional Eligible Green Loans will be added to de Volksbank’s 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the extent required. 
 
The Issuer will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of net proceeds to the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio after a year from the issuance of the applicable Green Bond, to be renewed annually. Such allocation 
report will report on the (i) the total amount of proceeds allocated to eligible loans per category, (ii) the number of 
eligible loans, (iii) the balance of unallocated proceeds and (iv) the amount or the percentage of new financing and 
refinancing.  
 
These 
allocation 
reports 
are 
intended 
to 
become 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/green-bonds). 
 
1.6.5 
External reviews 
 
De Volksbank Green Bond Framework has been reviewed by ISS-oekom who has issued a "second party opinion". 
This 
opinion 
as 
well 
as 
the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
are 
available 
to 
investors 
through 
(https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-relations/green-bonds). 
 
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance and until maturity, a limited assurance 
report of the allocation of the bond proceeds to eligible assets, provided by its external auditor (Ernst & Young or 
any subsequent external auditor). 
 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.devolksbank.nl/investor-
relations/green-bonds, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base 
Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
97
1.7 TAXATION  
  
1.7.1 
TAX WARNING 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes, Coupons or Receipts should be aware that they may be required to pay 
stamp taxes or other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of 
the country where the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of 
interest on the Notes, or profits realised in respect of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts, may be subject to taxation, 
including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is required to pay taxes. Any 
such tax consequences may have an impact on the income received from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts and consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors 
should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time, with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply at any given time. 
 
1.7.2 
Taxation in the Netherlands 
 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax 
considerations or consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
which (such as trusts or similar arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, it 
should be treated with corresponding caution.  
 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands located in Europe. In addition, the summary is based on the assumption that the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts issued by the Issuer do not qualify as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes.  
 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not tax advice or a complete description of all tax 
consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Noteholders or prospective noteholders 
should consult with their own tax advisors with regard to the tax consequences of investing in the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts in light of their particular circumstances. 
 
1.7.2.1 Withholding tax 
 
Holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts (other than entities related to the Issuer; see below) 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts to holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
other than holders that are entities related (gelieerd) to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021; Wet bronbelasting 2021) may be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein. 
 
Holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts that are entities related to the Issuer 
Payments made by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts to holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
that are entities related (gelieerd) to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021) may 
become subject to Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25% (rate for 2021), if such related entity:

--- Page 98 ---
98
 
(i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation 
on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten 
en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed Jurisdiction"); or  
(ii) has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payment is attributable; 
or  
(iii) is entitled to the interest payment for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for 
another person or entity and there is an artificial arrangement or transaction or a series of artificial 
arrangements or transactions; or  
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch); or 
(v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch),  
 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
 
Please note that the summary in this section does not describe the Dutch tax consequences for: 
  
(i) holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts if such holders, and in the case of individuals, such holder’s partner 
or certain of their relatives by blood or marriage in the direct line (including foster children) have a 
substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the 
Issuer under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally speaking, a holder 
of securities in a company is considered to hold a substantial interest in such company, if such holder, 
alone or, in case of individuals, together with such holder’s partner (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax 
Act 2001), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5% or more of the total issued and outstanding 
capital of that company or of 5% or more of the issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares 
of that company; or (ii) holds rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) holds certain profit 
sharing rights in that company that relate to 5% or more of the company's annual profits and/or to 5% or 
more of the company's liquidation proceeds. A deemed substantial interest may arise if a substantial 
interest (or part thereof) in a company has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed of, on a 
non-recognition basis; 
 
(ii) pension funds, investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen), exempt investment institutions 
(vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) (as defined in the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969; Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and other entities that are, in whole or in part, not subject to or exempt from 
Dutch corporate income tax; and 
 
(iii) holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts who are individuals for whom the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or 
any benefit derived from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are a remuneration or deemed to be a 
remuneration for activities performed by such holders or certain individuals related to such holders (as 
defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001). 
 
Dutch Resident Entities 
 
Generally speaking, if the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is an entity that is a resident or deemed to be 
resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate income tax purposes (a "Dutch Resident Entity"), any payment 
under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at a rate of 15% with respect to taxable profits up to 
€ 245,000 and 25% with respect to taxable profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2021).

--- Page 99 ---
99
 
Dutch Resident Individuals 
 
If a holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is an individual, resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch income tax purposes (a "Dutch Resident Individual"), any payment under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
or any gain realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts is taxable at the 
progressive income tax rates (with a maximum of 49.50% in 2021), if: 
 
(i) the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are attributable to an enterprise from which the holder of Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts derives a share of the profit, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or as a person who 
has a co-entitlement to the net worth (medegerechtigd tot het vermogen) of such enterprise, without being 
a shareholder (as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001); or 
 
(ii) the holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts is considered to perform activities with respect to the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) or 
derives benefits from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that are taxable as benefits from other activities 
(resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden). 
 
Income from savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en beleggen) 
If the above-mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the individual holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts, 
such holder will be taxed annually on a deemed variable return (with a maximum of 5.69% in 2021) of such holder's 
net investment assets (rendementsgrondslag) for the year, insofar the individual's net investment assets for the 
year exceed a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The deemed return on the individual's net investment 
assets for the year is taxed at an income tax rate of 31%.  
 
The net investment assets for the year are the fair market value of the investment assets less the allowable liabilities 
on 1 January of the relevant calendar year, for 2021 being 1 January 2021. The Notes, Coupons or Receipts are 
included as investment assets. Actual income, gains or losses in respect of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are 
not subject to Dutch income tax. 
 
For the net investment assets on 1 January 2021, the deemed return ranges from 1.90% up to 5.69% (depending 
on the aggregate amount of the individual's net investment assets on 1 January 2021). The deemed, variable return 
will be adjusted annually on the basis of historic market yields.  
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
 
A holder of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that is neither a Dutch Resident Entity nor a Dutch Resident Individual 
will not be subject to Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any payment under the Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts or in respect of any gain or loss realised on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts, provided that: 
 
(i) such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, in whole or in part, is either 
effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, a deemed 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative taxable in the Netherlands and to which enterprise 
or part of an enterprise the Notes, Coupons or Receipts are attributable; and 
 
(ii) in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in the Netherlands with 
respect to the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not derive

--- Page 100 ---
100 
benefits from the Notes, Coupons or Receipts that are taxable as benefits from other activities in the 
Netherlands. 
 
1.7.2.2 Gift and inheritance taxes 
 
Residents of the Netherlands 
 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts 
by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, Coupons or Receipts who is resident or deemed 
resident of the Netherlands at the time of the gift or such holder’s death. 
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
 
No Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will arise on the transfer of Notes, Coupons or Receipts by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the 
Netherlands, unless: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a gift of a Note, Coupon or Receipt by an individual who at the date of the gift was 
neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days 
after the date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a gift of a Note is made under a condition precedent, the holder of the Notes is 
resident or is deemed to be resident of the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled; or 
 
(iii) 
the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, 
at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be a resident in the Netherlands. 
 
 
For purposes of Dutch gift and inheritance taxes, amongst others, a person that holds the Dutch nationality will be 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during 
the ten years preceding the date of the gift or such person’s death. Additionally, for purposes of Dutch gift tax, 
amongst others, a person not holding the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such 
person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
 
Value added tax (VAT) 
 
No Dutch VAT will be payable by the holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts on (i) any payment in consideration 
for the issue of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by the Issuer under the 
Notes, Coupons or Receipts. 
 
Other taxes and duties 
 
No Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be payable by the holders 
of Notes, Coupons or Receipts in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes, Coupons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of 
interest or principal by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts. 
 
Residency 
 
A holder of Notes, Coupons or Receipts will not become, and will not be deemed to be, resident of the Netherlands 
for Dutch tax purposes by reason only of the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
1.8 SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
 
 
The Dealers have in a dealership agreement dated on or about 14 October 2021 (the "Dealership Agreement") 
(as supplemented from time to time) agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time 
to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 'Form of the Notes' 
and 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes'. In the Dealership Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
 
1.8.1 
General 
 
1.8.1.1 Prohibition of sales to EEA  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
 
1.8.1.2 Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a)  the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
  
1.8.1.3 Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
1. 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
2. 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(ii) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,  
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
communicate, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not, or in the case of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
 
1.8.1.4 United States of America 
(1) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that except as permitted in the Dealership Agreement it, its affiliates 
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) or any person acting on its or their behalf has offered and 
sold any Notes, and will offer and sell any Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a 
part (the "distribution compliance period"), as determined and notified as provided below. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has further represented and agreed that it, its affiliates and any person acting on its or their 
behalf have not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it 
and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each 
Dealer who has subscribed for Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of 
Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche 
subscribed for by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall 
determine and notify to the Agent the completion of the distribution by it of the Notes of such Tranche. On 
the basis of such notification or notifications, the Agent will notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of 
the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Each Dealer has also agreed that, at or 
prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
'The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and notified by the Agent to the [name of the 
relevant Dealer], except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them in Regulation S.' 
 
Terms used in this subclause 1 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
(2) 
In addition (but only in relation to Notes with an initial maturity in excess of 365 days that are treated as 
issued in bearer form for U.S. federal income tax purposes): 
 
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), each 
Dealer (a) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it 
will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (b) represents that it has not delivered and agrees 
that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form 
that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in 
effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly 
engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold 
during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes 
of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations 
and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf. 
 
Terms used in this paragraph 1(2) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
 
where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Each Dealer understands that under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), Notes in bearer 
form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions 
in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original issuance of Notes in 
bearer form, the Dealer has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either the Dealer or the prospective purchaser is within the United States or its 
possessions or otherwise involve a U.S. office of the Dealer in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer form. 
Terms used in this paragraph 1(2) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(3) 
Each issue of Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to any additional U.S. selling restrictions specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Each relevant Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only 
in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
 
1.8.1.5 Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended from time to time, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term herein means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations and guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. 
 
1.8.1.6 Zero Coupon Notes 
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) 
in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands 
through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on 
one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended from time to time) and its 
implementing regulations.  
 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a 
Global Note; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between 
individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) in respect of the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such 
Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as 
rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter.  
 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and 
transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum 
against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due 
whatsoever. 
 
1.8.1.7 Compliance with Securities Laws and Regulations 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers or deliveries and the Issuer shall not have any responsibility therefore. Neither the 
Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be 
required to comply with any other additional restrictions specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
1.9 GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1.9.1 
Authorisation 
The setup of the Programme and each future issue under the Programme were duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors dated 12 October 2021. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders of all 
regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under Dutch law have been or will be obtained for the issue of Notes 
and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Dealership Agreement, Agency Agreement 
and the relevant Notes. 
 
1.9.2 
Significant or material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and its subsidiaries since 30 June 2021 
and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020, the last 
day of the financial period in respect of which audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared. 
 
1.9.3 
Legal proceedings 
Save as disclosed under 'Legal Proceedings' starting on page 84, there have not been any governmental, legal and 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period 
a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
 
1.9.4 
Listing 
Application may be made to Euronext Amsterdam for Notes up to the expiry of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. In addition, Notes may be listed and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or other EEA stock exchanges. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes.  
 
1.9.5 
Documents Available  
For the period of twelve (12) months following the approval by the AFM of this Base Prospectus, copies of the 
documents listed below will, when published, be available free of charge, (i) from the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents, from the specified offices of the Amsterdam Listing Agent and at the office of the Issuer at Croeselaan 1, 
3521 BJ, Utrecht, the Netherlands, and (ii) on the website of the Issuer at https://www.devolksbank.nl. Any 
information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.volksbank.nl, does not form a part of 
the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any 
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion 
of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
 
(i) 
The Dutch language version and an English translation of the most recent articles of association of the Issuer.  
(ii) 
The audited annual reports of the Issuer for the two most recent financial years and the unaudited (semi-
annual) interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2021 of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
The Dealership Agreement and the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the temporary and 
permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons).  
(iv) 
A copy of this Base Prospectus. 
(v) 
Any future prospectuses, offering circulars, supplementary listing particulars, information memoranda, 
supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
(vi) 
The applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 
1.9.6 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and LCH.Clearnet S.A. 
(the securities clearing corporation that serves Euronext in Amsterdam). The appropriate common code and ISIN

--- Page 106 ---
106 
for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and LCH.Clearnet S.A., and any other relevant 
security code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.9.7 
Clearing systems addresses 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard de Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. The address of Euroclear Nederland 
is Herengracht 459 - 469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The address of LCH.Clearnet Group Ltd. is 
Aldgate House, 33 Aldgate High Street, London EC3N 1EA, United Kingdom.  
 
1.9.8 
Ratings of the Notes 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the ratings assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme and will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Ratings in relation to the 
Issuer and certain Notes are described in the chapter headed 'The Issuer.', section 'Rating Agencies'. 
 
1.9.9 
Ratings of the Issuer 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and certain Notes are described in the chapter headed 'The Issuer', section 'Rating 
Agencies'. 
 
1.9.10 CRA Regulation 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch, S&P and Moody's are established in the EU and each of them is 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Each credit rating applied for in relation to a certain Series or Tranche of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation which will in each case be 
disclosed clearly and prominently in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
1.10 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been approved by the AFM or filed with it shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus:  
  
(a) 
The Issuer's publicly available financial statements and auditor's report for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(set forth on pages 127 up to and including 190 (financial statements) and pages 195 up to and including 202 
(auditor's report) of its 2020 annual report (English translation)), which can also be obtained from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-N.V.-Annual-Report-2020.pdf; 
(b) 
The Issuer's publicly available financial statements and auditor’s report for the year ended 31 December 2019 
(set forth on pages 156 up to and including 221 (financial statements) and pages 225 up to and including 231 
(auditor’s report) of its 2019 annual report (English translation)) which can also be obtained 
from:https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/de-Volksbank-
N.V.-Annual-Report-2019.pdf;  
(c) 
The Issuer's publicly available interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2021 (set forth on pages 
34 to 43 (financial statements) and page 44 to 45 (auditor's review report) of its interim financial report first half 
of 
2021 
(English 
translation)), 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-Interim-Financial-Report-2021.pdf; 
(d) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 103 up to and including 161 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 15 October 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions"); 
(e) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 91 up to and including 135 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 October 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions"); 
(f) 
The transparency statement in respect of the consolidated and company financial statements of the Issuer 
issued by the Board of Directors as set forth on page 124 of its 2020 annual report (English translation) and as 
set forth on page 133 of its 2019 annual report (English translation), which can also be obtained from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-N.V.-Annual-Report-2020.pdf and 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/de-Volksbank-N.V.-
Annual-Report-2019.pdf; 
(g) 
The Issuer's articles of association as per the date of approval of this Base Prospectus (in the original Dutch 
language version as well as in English translation);  
(h) 
Chapter 3 (Risk Management) set forth on pages 45 up to and including 124 of the Issuer's 2020 annual report 
(English translation) and Chapter 4 (Risk Management) as set forth on pages 67 up to and including 133 of the 
Issuer's 2019 annual report (English translation), which can also be obtained from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-N.V.-Annual-Report-2020.pdf and 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Investor-Relations/Jaarverslagen-de-Volksbank/de-Volksbank-N.V.-
Annual-Report-2019.pdf; 
(i) 
A press release published by the Issuer on 16 July 2020 regarding the issue of € 500 million of subordinated Tier 
2 green bonds, which can also be obtained from: https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Duurzaam-
ondernemen/Beleidsstukken/Press-release-De-Volksbank-first-bank-in-Europe-to-successfully-issue-
subordinated-Tier-2-green-bonds.pdf;  
(j) 
A full year financial report regarding the Issuer’s 2020 annual results, which can be obtained from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/De-Volksbank-Full-year-financial-report-2020.pdf 
and 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/Press-release-2020-Shared-value-developments.pdf 
respectively; 
(k) 
A press release published by the Issuer on 12 February 2021 regarding the Issuer’s strategy for the period 2021-
2025, which can also be obtained from: https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Persberichten-algemeen/Press-
release-De-Volksbank-Strategic-Plan-2021-2025.pdf; 
(l) 
The Issuer’s publicly available Integrated Annual Review 2020 for the year ended 31 December 2020, which can

--- Page 108 ---
108 
also be obtained from: https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-Volksbank-Integrated-Annual-
Review-2020.pdf; 
(m) 
The Issuer’s publicly available Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2020 for the year ended 31 
December 2020, which can also be obtained from https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/jaarcijfers/de-
Volksbank-Environmental-Social-and-Governance-Report-2020.pdf; and 
(n) 
A press release published by the Issuer on 21 April 2021 regarding the decisions of the general meeting of 
shareholders 
held 
on 
21 
April 
2021, 
which 
can 
also 
be 
obtained 
from: 
https://www.devolksbank.nl/assets/files/Persberichten-algemeen/Press-release-shareholdersmeeting-de-
Volksbank-of-21-April-2021.pdf. 
 
These documents can be obtained without charge at the offices of the Issuer (Croeselaan 1, 3521 BJ Utrecht, the 
Netherlands, 
de 
Volksbank 
Investor 
relations, 
tel: 
+31 
30 
2914246/ 
+31 
30 
2914807, 
jacob.bosscha@devolksbank.nl and davey.hak@devolksbank.nl) and the Agent (Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg SA, 69 Route d'Esch, L-2953 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Transaction Execution Group,  
tel: +352 4590 1), each as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition all these documents and the Base 
Prospectus are available on the Issuer's website at https://www.devolksbank.nl/en/investor-relations/debt-
information/unsecured-funding/euro-medium-term-notes. 
 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents mentioned above are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including www.volksbank.nl, does not form a part 
of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any 
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion 
of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
CHAPTER 2: NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER 
PART 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer (as defined below) which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange and agreed between the Issuer (as defined below) and the relevant Dealer, incorporated 
by reference into) each definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed 
on, incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket 
form. Reference should be made to ''Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
includes the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions.  
 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Volksbank N.V. (the "Issuer", which expression shall include any 
Substituted Debtor pursuant to Condition 18) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). References 
herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation 
to any Notes represented by a Global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, 
(ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note and (iii) any Global Note. The Notes, the Receipts (as 
defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement dated on or about 
14 October 2021 (as supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer 
and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA ("BIL") as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
"Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes in the standard 
euromarket form repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal 
(other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders 
of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
"Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned above include those having a credit balance in the collective 
deposits held by Euroclear Nederland or one of its participants. 
 
References in these Terms and Conditions to "Coupons" will include references to Coupon sheets where 
applicable.  
 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon, attached hereto, applicable hereto or incorporated by reference 
herein and supplement these Terms and Conditions.  
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranche of Notes which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are identical in all respects (including as to listing) from the date on 
which such consolidation is expressed to take effect.  
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available at the specified offices of each of 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents save that Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be available for 
inspection by a Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence as to identity satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are

--- Page 110 ---
110 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are 
binding on them.  
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. 
 
Any references in these Terms and Conditions to any particular provision, article, clause, section or paragraph of a 
law, directive, regulation or other legislation shall include such provision, article, clause, section or paragraph as 
consolidated, amended, re-enacted or replaced. 
 
General Definitions 
 
In these Terms and Conditions the following expressions shall have the following meanings. 
 
Accrual Yield 
the accrual yield specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital  
capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (or any 
equivalent or successor term) under the CRD requirements by 
the Competent Authority for the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
Additional Financial Centre 
any financial centre, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Additional Business Centre 
any business centre, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Adjustment Spread 
means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good faith, 
determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, as a 
result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
 
(a) is formally 
recommended 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate by any Competent 
Authority, any working group in the jurisdiction of the 
applicable currency sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the 
central bank for the currency to which such reference 
rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof, or any widely recognised industry 
association or body; or (if no such recommendation 
has been made) 
(b) the Issuer determines, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in good 
faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for debt market instruments such as 
or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer 
determines that no such industry accepted standard 
is recognised or acknowledged)  
(c) the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if appointed) and acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
ALAC 
additional loss absorbing capacity ratio (or such similar 
nomenclature) used by S&P. 
 
Amortised Face Amount 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(e). 
 
Benchmark Event 
means: 
(a) the Reference Rate has ceased to be representative 
or an industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments (as determined by the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
appointed) and acting in good faith) such as, or 
comparable to, the Notes; or 
(b) it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited 
(including, without limitation, for the Agent) pursuant 
to any law, regulation or instruction from a Competent 
Authority, to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
using the Reference Rate or otherwise make use of 
the Reference Rate with respect to the Notes; or 
(c) the Reference Rate has changed materially, ceased 
to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceased to exist; or 
(d) a public statement is made by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or its supervisor that the Reference 
Rate will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be changed materially, no longer be 
representative, 
cease 
to 
be 
published, 
be 
discontinued or be prohibited from being used or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or that contributors are no longer 
required by that supervisor to contribute input data to 
the administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in case the specified date 
lies more than six months after the date the public 
statement is made, this event will be deemed to occur

--- Page 112 ---
112 
as of the date such specified date lies within the 
following six months); or 
(e) a public statement is made by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or its supervisor that the Reference 
Rate 
has 
changed 
materially, 
is 
no 
longer 
representative, has ceased to be published, is 
discontinued or is prohibited from being used or that 
its use is subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or that the supervisor no longer 
requires contributors to contribute input data to the 
administrator for purposes of the Reference Rate. 
Broken Amount 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Business Day 
a day which is both: 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(b) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified 
Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency and any Additional Business Centre which, if the 
Specified Currency is (a) Australian dollars, shall be 
Sydney, (b) New Zealand dollars, shall be Wellington, (c) 
Hong Kong dollars, shall be Hong Kong and (d) Japanese 
yen, shall be Tokyo or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
operating. In these Conditions, "TARGET2 System" 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system which 
utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereof. 
 
Business Day Convention 
the Following Business Day Convention, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, No Adjustment or the Preceding 
Business Day Convention as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Calculation Amount 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Calculation Period 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(a). 
 
Change of Interest Basis Option 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(g). 
 
Change of Interest Basis Option Period 
Date 
 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Claims Senior to Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes Claims 
 
(a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits are expressed by their terms, subject to 
applicable law, to rank equally to or lower than the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), (b) the unsubordinated claims with respect 
to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) the claims under the 
Senior Preferred Notes and (d) all other present and future 
claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer (including those expressed by their terms or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in priority 
over the Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
 
Competent Authority 
means the ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority or 
governmental body having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, or, as the 
case may be, a Resolution Authority. 
 
In relation to any Reference Rate, a reference to Competent 
Authority is to be understood as a reference to the regulatory 
authority supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate.  
 
Day Count Fraction 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: any day count fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms calculated in accordance with the 
method set out in Condition 6(a) or 6(b) as applicable. 
 
Determination Period 
means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date 
in any year to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date. 
 
DNB 
means the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank). 
 
Dual Currency Note 
a Note in respect of which payments of interest and/or principal 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be made in any 
other currency than the Specified Currency. Such currency or 
currencies and the exchange rate ("Rate of Exchange") used 
to calculate payments of interest or principal will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Dutch Intervention Act 
Dutch Act on special measures regarding financial institutions 
(Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen) and 
any rules or regulations related thereto. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 8(e). 
 
ECB 
means the European Central Bank. 
 
Established Rate 
the rate for the conversion of the Old Currency into the New 
Currency as fixed by the relevant government of such Old

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Currency, but which in case the New Currency will be euro 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in 
accordance 
with 
applicable 
European 
Community 
regulations), shall be as established by the Council of the EU 
pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty. 
 
EURIBOR 
the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
 
euro 
has the meaning specified in Condition 5(b). 
 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
 
Euroclear Nederland 
Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
 
Event of Default 
has the meaning specified in Condition 11. 
 
Exchange Notice 
has the meaning specified in Condition 5(a). 
 
Extraordinary Resolution 
means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions in 
the Agency Agreement contained by a majority consisting of 
not less than 75% of the persons voting thereat upon a show 
of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority 
consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on such poll. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate(s) of Interest  
the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Fixed Rate Note  
any Note to which a Fixed Rate of Interest applies as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Convention 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
 
Floating Rate(s) of Interest  
the Floating Rate(s) of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Floating Rate Note 
any Note to which a Floating Rate applies as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(a) or 6(b) as 
applicable. 
 
Independent Adviser 
means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate

--- Page 115 ---
115 
expertise as reasonably determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion. 
 
Initial Interest Basis 
the initial interest basis as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Instalment Amount 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Instalment Date(s) 
the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Instalment Note 
a Note that may be redeemable in instalments as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Amount 
the amount of interest payable under the Notes. 
 
Interest Basis Option Period 
the interest basis option period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest Determination Date 
means the applicable interest determination date as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
means the applicable interest payment date(s) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Period 
means the applicable interest period as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
ISDA Determination 
the method for determining the interest rate of Floating Rate 
Notes as specified in Condition 6(b)(ii)(a). 
 
Issue Date 
the issue date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Issue Price 
the issue price of the Notes specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Issuer 
de Volksbank N.V. and any Substituted Debtor pursuant to 
Condition 18). 
 
LIBOR  
the London inter-bank offered rate. 
 
Long Maturity Note 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(b). 
 
Margin 
the margin applicable to the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date 
the date of maturity of the Notes as specified in the applicable

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Final Terms. 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
the maximum Rate of Interest specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
the maximum redemption amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
the minimum rate of interest specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (which may not be less than zero) or if no such 
rate is stated the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
zero.  
 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
the minimum redemption amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(a) or 6(b) as 
applicable. 
 
MREL Eligible Liabilities 
liabilities which are eligible to meet any MREL requirement, 
applicable 
to 
the 
Issuer 
(whether 
on 
a 
solo 
or 
(sub)consolidated basis) under the MREL Regulations, such 
as eligible liabilities as referred to in CRR. 
 
MREL Requirement 
refers to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (as referred to in Article 12 of the SRM Regulation), 
the TLAC and/or any similar requirement, as each may be 
amended from time to time, including any amendments or 
additional requirements in connection with the implementation 
of the TLAC standard in EU law (or Dutch law implementing 
said EU law), that is or may become applicable to the Issuer 
(whether on an individual or consolidated basis), and including 
any subordination requirement that may become applicable to 
the Issuer pursuant to a decision of the Resolution Authority.  
 
Optional Redemption Amount 
an amount (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s)  
if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date(s) designated and notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders (in the event Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer is applicable) or by the Noteholders to the Issuer (in the 
event Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders is 
declared applicable). 
 
Part Payment Amount 
means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Part Payment Date 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Terms. 
 
Payment Day 
has the meaning specified in Condition 7(c). 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(a) or 6(b) as 
applicable. 
 
Rate of Exchange 
means the exchange rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Rate(s) of Interest 
either the Fixed Rate of Interest or Floating Rate of Interest as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redeemed Notes 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(c). 
 
Redenomination Date 
means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer 
in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 
5(a) and which in case of (i) the New Currency being euro, falls 
on or after the date on which the country of the Specified 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union and in case of (ii) the New 
Currency being a currency other than euro, shall be the date 
the relevant government of the New Currency accepts 
payment in the New Currency as legal tender. 
 
Reference Price 
the reference price specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Reference Rate 
EURIBOR, €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR, SONIA, Mid Swap Rate, Rate of Exchange or 
another benchmark as well as any substitute, alternative or 
successor rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(d), 
including the applicable tenor and currency. 
 
Relevant Date  
has the meaning specified in Condition 9. 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
such page, section, caption or column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Relevant Time 
the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Resolution Authority 
means, the European Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), the 
ECB, DNB or such other regulatory authority or governmental 
body having the power to impose resolution measures, such 
as Statutory Loss Absorption on or Recapitalisation of Notes, 
or other resolution tools or resolution action pursuant to the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Applicable Resolution Framework. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in case of the Dutch Intervention Act, the Resolution Authority 
is the Dutch Minister of Finance.  
 
Screen Rate Determination 
the method for determining the interest rate of Floating Rate 
Notes as specified in Condition 6(b)(ii)(b). 
 
Selection Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(c). 
 
Senior Claims  
(a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits are expressed by their terms, subject to 
applicable law, to rank equally to or lower than the 
Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect 
to the repayment of borrowed money, (c) other unsubordinated 
claims, (d) subordinated claims expressed by their terms or by 
law to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and (e) (other) 
excluded liabilities’ within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
senior non-preferred notes and the related Receipts and 
Coupons issued by the Issuer that constitute any present and 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 
108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) and shall at all 
times rank (i) pari passu without any preference among the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes themselves and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future 
claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning 
of 
Article 
212rb 
of 
the 
Dutch 
Bankruptcy 
Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 
108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other than those 
obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law to rank either in priority or junior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (ii) senior to Subordinated 
Notes and (iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer, 
junior 
to 
the 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to Senior 
Preferred Notes (and those obligations expressed by their 
terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to 
rank in priority of Senior Preferred Notes) and (other) excluded 
liabilities’ within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
senior preferred notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured and

--- Page 119 ---
119 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and that rank pari 
passu without any preference among the Senior Preferred 
Notes themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons and 
with 
all 
other 
present 
and 
future 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those 
preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law and, in the event of the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
Specified Currency 
the currency of the Notes specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Specified Denomination 
the denomination of the Notes specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Specified Interest Payment Date 
the interest payment date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Specified Period 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
 
SRM Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, and any rules or 
regulations related thereto, as may be amended from time to 
time.  
 
Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 8(j). 
 
Subordinated Notes 
subordinated notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
issued by the Issuer that constitute unsecured subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu without any 
preference among Subordinated Notes themselves and the 
related Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and 
future unsecured and identically subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law. 
 
Subsequent Interest Basis 
subject to the conditions set out in Condition 6(g) the interest 
basis specified as such in the applicable Final Terms that shall 
commence to apply upon exercise of the Change of Interest 
Basis Option.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
sub-unit 
 
 
 
 
Taxes 
means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
 
has the meaning specified in Condition 9. 
 
Tier 2 Capital 
means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 capital 
under the CRD requirements by the Competent Authority for 
the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
Treaty  
means the Treaty on the functioning of the EU, as amended 
from time to time. 
 
Wft 
means the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het 
financieel toezicht). 
 
Zero Coupon Notes  
notes during the term of which no interest shall become due 
and payable. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether 
the Tranche constitutes Zero Coupon Notes or not.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency, the Specified Denomination(s) and the Specified Form(s) save that in the case of any Note the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of the issue of the Notes).  
 
Each Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms).  
 
Subordinated Notes may qualify as Tier 2 Capital ("Tier 2 Notes") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time. If the Subordinated 
Notes do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes, these Notes may (continue to) qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
 
Each Note is either a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Dual Currency Note or 
an Instalment Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in 
these Terms and Conditions are not applicable.  
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. For Notes held by 
Euroclear Nederland, deliveries will be made in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet 
giraal effectenverkeer, "Wge") (as amended from time to time). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent and any Paying Agent may 
deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the next succeeding paragraph.  
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of a manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note held by a common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or by a common safekeeper 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Nederland. 
 
2. 
Status and Characteristics relating to the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among the Senior Preferred Notes 
themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred or otherwise ranking junior or senior by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law and, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, save for the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The Senior Preferred Notes rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the 
event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In the case resolution proceedings 
are commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the aforementioned ranking in 
bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers being exercised in a reverse 
order of priority of claims, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Preferred 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is 
effective under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been 
set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant 
Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility 
and impossibility of any set-off or netting by a Senior Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement 
applicable to the Issuer. 
 
3.  
Status and Characteristics relating to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
Subject to Condition 8(j), the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons will 
constitute any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended 
by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among the Senior Non-Preferred Notes themselves and the related 
Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the Netherlands) (other 
than those obligations expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to 
rank either in priority or junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
(ii) 
senior to: 
a) Subordinated Notes; and

--- Page 123 ---
123 
b) the Issuer's ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including any (other) obligations 
or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital; and 
(iii) in the event of bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, junior to the Senior Preferred Notes, 
unsubordinated obligations ranking pari passu to Senior Preferred Notes (and those obligations 
expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank in priority of Senior 
Preferred Notes) and (other) excluded liabilities’ within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. 
 
As a result, in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of each Series and the related Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer are subordinated to the Claims 
Senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes Claims. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ranking as described under (i) and (ii) above will apply in the event (a) of the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) of the dissolution (ontbinding) of the Issuer as a result of its insolvency, and 
the ranking as described under (iii) will apply in the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the case 
resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer and notably when bail-in is applied, the 
aforementioned ranking in bankruptcy will in principle be followed, with the relevant resolution powers being 
exercised in a reverse order of priority of claims, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may at any time exercise or claim any 
right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-
off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder is required to immediately exercise a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from 
the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related Receipts or Coupons until the Issuer has received in 
full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting by a Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities to meet any MREL Requirement 
applicable to the Issuer. 
 
4. 
Status and Characteristics relating to Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank (i) pari passu without any preference among the Subordinated Notes 
themselves and the related Receipts and Coupons and with all other present and future unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by their terms 
or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank either in priority or junior to the Subordinated 
Notes) and (ii) junior to those subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
 
As a result, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes of each Series and the related Receipts and Coupons (the "Subordinated 
Noteholders") against the Issuer are subordinated to the Senior Claims.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims have 
been satisfied. 
 
No Subordinated Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes. To the 
extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is 
effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Noteholder is required to immediately exercise a Set-
off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes or the related Receipts 
or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-
off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility or impossibility of any set-off or netting by a 
Subordinated Noteholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
It is the Issuer's intention that the Subordinated Notes - if specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
"Subordinated Tier 2 Notes" – qualify and shall be treated as Tier 2 Notes for the purposes of the regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time. If the Subordinated Notes do not qualify and are not 
treated as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer intends for these Notes to (continue to) qualify and be treated as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
 
At this time, subordinated claims resulting from own funds items (such as Tier 2 instruments) may rank junior 
to subordinated claims not resulting from own funds items in case of resolution (notably when bail-in is 
applied), whereas in Dutch liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings subordinated claims resulting from own 
funds items (such as Tier 2 instruments) will rank equal to subordinated claims not resulting from own funds 
items (unless the latter claims are expressed by their terms or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law to rank in priority or junior to the former claims). This is expected to be addressed, in any case in the 
context of bankruptcy proceedings, with the implementation of the EU Banking Reforms in the Netherlands 
(specifically, Article 48(7) BRRD). As more fully described in the section Risk Factors – 'Write-down and 
conversion of capital instruments and Resolution Event'), a new statutory hierarchy in bankruptcy is 
introduced by the 48(7) BRRD Implementation Bill.  
 
5. 
Redenomination 
 
(a)  
Redenomination 
 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the 
Agent, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, if applicable, Euroclear Nederland and at least 30 days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (or Specified Currencies) (each the "Old Currency") shall be redenominated in any other 
currency (the "New Currency") being either euro, or, in the event of redenomination upon the occurrence of 
a Convertibility Event, any other currency, as the case may be.  
The election will have effect as follows: 
 
(i) 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall be deemed to be redenominated into the New 
Currency in the denomination of at least € 1, or its equivalent in any other currency, with a principal 
amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the principal amount of that Note or Receipt in the 
Specified Currency, converted into the New Currency at the Established Rate provided that, if the

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then pertaining market practice in respect 
of the redenomination into the New Currency of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) 
on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments;  
 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice (as defined below) has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (vi) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to the aggregate principal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be 
rounded down to the nearest € 0.01 or its equivalent in any other currency; 
 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued at 
the expense of the Issuer in denominations of € 100,000, or its equivalents in any other currency, and 
such other denominations (of at least € 100,000) as the Agent shall, in consultation with the Issuer, 
determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date on which 
the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
that replacements of Old Currency denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect 
of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New Currency denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in 
exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner 
as the Agent, in consultation with the Issuer, may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes;  
 
(v) 
on or after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in the New Currency as though references in the Notes to 
the Specified Currency were to the New Currency. Payments will be made in the New Currency by 
credit or transfer to a New Currency account (or any other account to which the New Currency may 
be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a New Currency 
cheque; 
 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the Redenomination 
Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 6(a)), and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant New Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. The amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Notes referencing a Reference Rate, the Issuer may adjust the Reference Rate to 
any other Reference Rate deemed suitable by the Issuer at that time and the Issuer may adjust the 
interest payable on the Notes by reference to the Reference Rate, and, if required, any or all Interest 
Payment Dates as it deems necessary in accordance with the then pertaining market practice taking 
into account the redenomination and in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of interest under such Notes; and  
 
(viii) 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the exact date on which the redenomination will occur in case 
the Notes were issued in a currency other than euro and in a currency in which the TARGET2 System 
does not apply.  
 
(b)  
Definitions  
 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:  
 
"Convertibility Event" means the determination by the national government of the country in the currency 
of which the Notes were issued, that such currency is substituted by another currency; 
 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Old Currency into the New Currency as fixed 
by the relevant government of such Old Currency, but which in case the New Currency will be euro (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations), 
shall be as established by the Council of the EU pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty;  
 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) no. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended from time to time;  
 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the 
notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which in case of (i) the New Currency 
being euro, falls on or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union and in case of (ii) the New Currency being a currency 
other than euro, shall be the date the relevant government of the New Currency accepts payment in the New 
Currency as legal tender; and  
 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the EU, as amended from time to time. 
 
6. 
Interest 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6 any reference in this Condition 6 to the 'Agent' should be read as a 
reference to the Agent or in case any other party is appointed as being responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amount in the applicable Final Terms, to such party.  
 
(a)  
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date (if that does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date).

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Except as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date or the 
Maturity Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
 
(4) 
No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.  
 
If "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall 
be calculated as if the Interest Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If "Adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period shall be 
calculated as if the Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period starting or ending other than on an Interest Payment Date 
(the "Calculation Period"), such interest shall be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to each 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention and multiplying such 
rounded up figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount.  
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Fixed Day Count Fraction" means: 
 
(i) If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means: 
 
(a) where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(A) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (B) the 
actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
 
where: 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date in any year to, but 
excluding, the next Interest Payment Date; and 
  
(i) 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent.  
 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded up figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination 
of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
 
"Calculation Amount" is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on either: 
 
(a) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year; or 
 
(b) if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.  
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).  
 
If "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period 
shall be calculated as if the Interest Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
If "Adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in each Interest Period 
shall be calculated as if the Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention is specified: 
 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or  
 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
 
(5) 
No Adjustment, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention.  
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Floating Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
(a) 
ISDA Determination For Floating Rate Notes 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) 
in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a), (i) "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions, (ii) the definition of "Banking Day" in the ISDA Definitions shall 
be amended to insert after the words 'are open for' in the second line before the word 'general' 
and (iii) "Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty.  
 
 
When this sub-paragraph (a) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Agent will 
be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 6(b)(iv) in respect of the 
determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this subparagraph (a). 
 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes - €STR Reference Rate 
 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 6(d), be Compounded 
Daily €STR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
 
 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
€STR Observation Method, as follows, with the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
 
 
 
 
where:  
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified as the €STR Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the €STR Observation Method) the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 131 ---
131 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the €STR 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number of 
TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto;  
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Days in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the €STR 
Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the €STR Observation Method) the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
"ni", for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to but excluding the following TARGET 
Settlement Day;  
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable);  
 
"p" means:  
a. for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero;  
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in Euro;  
 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a reference 
rate equal to €STR for such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of 
the ECB initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the ECB (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., 
Central European Time, on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such 
TARGET Settlement Day); and  
 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, "€STRi-pTBD" means: 
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
€STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, the €STR Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
above, except that in respect of each TARGET Settlement Day "i" falling on or after 
the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out 
date" is specified, five TARGET Settlement Day Days prior to each relevant Interest 
Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above in respect of 
such "Lock-out date"; 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
"€STRi" means in respect any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for that TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
 
(2) If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as 
specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference 
Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such 
rate was published on the ECB's Website.  
 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as 
specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the ECB or 
another administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate 
has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" 
were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on 
the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs (the "EDFR Spread"). Provided further that, if both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(3) If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as the case may be) relating to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Accrual Period).  
 
(4) As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from 
(and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 11, shall be the date on which such Notes become due and 
payable).  
 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, the final 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the 
date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall 
continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as 
provided in Condition 6(f). 
 
(5) As used in these Conditions: "€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events:  
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; or 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a Resolution Authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
Resolution Authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR;  
 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
more of the following events:  
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;  
b. a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a Resolution Authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or Resolution Authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; and  
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
 
(c) 
SOFR Determination For Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily SOFR", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject to Condition 6(d), be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin.  
 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where:  
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Observation Period;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation 
Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) in 
relevant the Observation Period;  
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period;  
 
"p" means:  
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); and  
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero;  
 
"USBD" means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; " 
 
"ni" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means:  
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or  
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the "Lock-out date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each relevant Interest 
Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above in respect of such "Lock-out 
date"; or

--- Page 136 ---
136 
c. where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for such day. 
 
(2) Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context otherwise 
requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the following 
meanings:  
 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in New York City;  
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Date" means, following the occurrence of an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or 
the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used, in each 
case as certified in writing by the Issuer to the Agent;  
 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
a. public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate;  
b. the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or  
c. 
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed 
income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been 
acknowledged in writing by ISDA as an "OBFR Index Cessation Event" under the 
2006 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA;  
 
"SOFR" means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:  
a. the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website at 5:00 
p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
b. if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear, and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Date has not occurred, then the Agent shall use the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the FRBNY’s website;  
c. 
if a SOFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, the Agent shall calculate SOFR as if 
references to SOFR were references to the rate that was recommended as (and 
notified by the Issuer to the Agent) as being the replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY for the

--- Page 137 ---
137 
purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated 
administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads). If no such 
rate has been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
of the SOFR Index Cessation Date, then the rate for any such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling on or after the SOFR Index Cessation Date will be 
determined as if (i) references to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate were 
references to the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (published on the FRBNY’s website 
at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant New York City Banking Day); 
(ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were references to New 
York City Banking Day, (iii) references to SOFR Index Cessation Event were 
references to the OBFR Index Cessation Event and (iv) references to SOFR Index 
Cessation Date were references to OBFR Index Cessation Date; and  
d. if the Agent is required to use the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in paragraph (a) 
above and an OBFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, then for any Interest 
Payment Date after such OBFR Index Cessation Date, the Agent shall use the short-
term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Federal Reserve’s website, or if the Federal Open Market Committee does 
not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set 
by the Federal Open Market Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s 
website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range 
and the lower bound of the target range); 
 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Date" means following the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event, the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used, in each case as certified 
in writing by the Issuer to the Agent;  
 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
a. a public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate; 
b. the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or  
c. 
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income 
securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has been 
acknowledged in writing by ISDA as an "SOFR Index Cessation Event" under the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA; and 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the

--- Page 138 ---
138 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 11, shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable).  
 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, the final Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date on 
which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply 
to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 6(f). 
 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average SOFR 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average 
SOFR", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 
6(d), be Weighted Average SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin.  
 
"Weighted Average SOFR" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the arithmetic 
mean of "SOFRi" in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be calculated by the 
Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: "d", "do", "i" and "p" have the meanings set out under Condition 6.(b)(ii)(c);  
 
"ni" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar days 
from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but excluding the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and  
 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i:  
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the 
SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method, 
during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above, except that in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day i 
falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where 
no "Lock-out date" is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above in respect of such "Lock-out 
date"; or

--- Page 139 ---
139 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, the 
SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – SONIA Reference rate 
 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided in Condition 6(d), be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest 
Accrual Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin. 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
"do" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the Observation Period; 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Day; 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
"p" means:  
a. the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five London 
Banking Days; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero;  
 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
a. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Observation Period, 
the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each 
London Banking Day i falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is specified, five London 
Banking Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such "Lock-out date"; or 
c. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such day; and 
 
 the "SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
 
(2) If, subject to Condition 6(d), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Agent determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London 
Banking Day shall be: (i) the BoE’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) or (iii) if the

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
 
(3) Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(e)(2), if the BoE publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Agent shall, 
subject to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference 
rate for any London Banking Day "i" for the purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so 
long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors.  
 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Agent to follow such guidance in order to 
determine SONIA, the Agent shall have no obligation to act until such amendments or 
modifications have been made in accordance with the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement.  
 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Agent, subject to Condition 6(d), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
 
(4) As used herein, an "Interest Accrual Period" means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from 
(and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 17, shall be the date on which such Notes become 
due and payable).  
 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
17, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 6(f).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(f) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Reference Rate other than 
€STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or SONIA 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than €STR, SOFR or SONIA, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:  
 
(1) the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards or, if the relevant Screen Rate is EURIBOR, to the third decimal place, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rates which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations.  
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to 
this subparagraph in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case 
of (1) above, no such quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
The following summarises the most relevant provisions of the Agency Agreement with regard 
to this matter. In such an event the Agent shall request the principal London office of each of 
the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
 
 
 
The expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of (1) above, those banks whose 
offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on 
the Relevant Screen Page and, in the case of (2) above, those banks whose offered quotations 
last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared. 
 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest, for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
 
The Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Floating Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention and multiplying such rounded up figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
 
"Floating Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
 
(iv) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 144 ---
144 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(v) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Agent shall not be obliged 
to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. For the purposes of this 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 145 ---
145 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London.  
 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final  
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(b) by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, if 
applicable, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent, if applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.  
 
(c) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes  
 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, payments by the Issuer of interest and/or principal (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) will be made in another currency or currencies than the Specified Currency. Such 
currency or currencies and the exchange rate ("Rate of Exchange") used to calculate payments of interest 
or principal will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
  
(d) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if the Agent or the Issuer determines at any time 
prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to 
certain Notes, the Issuer may, after using reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser (which the Issuer will do as soon as reasonably practicable and, if possible, at least 5 Business Days 
prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate is available 
that is substantially comparable to the Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on 
each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter, or whether a substitute, alternative or 
successor rate has been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or widely recognised industry association or 
body, or whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate has developed or is expected to develop in an 
industry accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the relevant Notes is available. 
 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Issuer is expected to first explore 
the option of selecting €STR or a term rate based on €STR as the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined 
below).  
 
If the Issuer has determined a substitute, alternative or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
(such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest on each 
relevant Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination at least five business days after 
such determination, (A) the Issuer will, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), 
also determine changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, relevant screen page, any method for calculating the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor needed to make 
such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a manner 
that is consistent with any industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate, although there 
is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or applied, or 
that the application of any such factor will either reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders; (B)

--- Page 146 ---
146 
the Issuer may, without the consent of any or all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, (further) 
amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or amend or supplement the Agency Agreement, as 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing; (C) references to the Reference Rate in these 
Conditions applicable to the relevant Notes will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above 
(including the Adjustment Spread); and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 15), the Agent 
and the Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) 
above. The Agent will remain the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount by making use of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
this Condition 6(d), this Replacement Reference Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the 
relevant Notes, subject to Condition 6. This Condition 6(d) may be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference Rate. 
 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the Issuer 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Paying Agent, the Agent and the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and no liability to any such person will attach to the 
Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes in the absence of bad faith or fraud. If the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
Replacement Reference Rate or any of the other matters referred to above, then the Reference Rate (as 
stated in the applicable Final Terms) will remain the rate in effect unchanged (but subject to the other 
provisions of Condition 6, particularly Condition 6(a) and 6(b)) in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, and any subsequent Interest Determination Dates will remain subject to the operation 
of the provisions of this Condition 6. In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at 
any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(d), mutatis mutandis, on one or 
more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has been determined and notified in accordance with 
this Condition 6(d) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder, Receiptholder and Couponholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this paragraph (d) 
and no consent or approval of any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be required. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6, the Issuer may not adopt a Replacement Reference 
Rate, or make any other amendments to Terms and Conditions pursuant to this Condition 6(d), if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected, 
 
with respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, to: 
 
 
(i) impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility (in whole or in part) as Tier 2 Notes; 
and/or 
 
(ii) result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or amendment(s) as a new Issuance 
of the Subordinated Notes, and  
 
with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, to:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(iii) prejudice the qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in whole 
or in part) as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
 
(iv) result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
 
Any amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6(d) is subject to (i) the 
prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority, provided that, 
at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 
77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
amendment as may be required by the Competent Authority, MREL Regulations or CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest  
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to 
bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of:  
 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and  
 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 or 
individually. 
 
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis Option 
 
 
If "Change of Interest Basis Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, after having given notice to 
the stock exchange where the Notes are listed, the Issuer will have to give: 
 
(1) 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, not less than the number of Business Days 
equal to the Interest Basis Option Period prior to the date on which the Change of Interest Basis 
Option shall be effective; and 
 
(2) 
notice to the Agent, not less than the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Basis Option 
Period prior to the date on which the Change of Interest Basis Option shall be effective, (both of which 
notices shall be irrevocable) exercise the Change of Interest Basis Option upon which exercise the 
Interest Basis of the Notes changes from the Initial Interest Basis (which shall cease to apply) to the 
Subsequent Interest Basis (which shall commence to apply), effective as of the Change of Interest 
Basis Option Date immediately following the date on which the notice referred to above is given. 
 
7. 
Payments 
 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, in 
the case of Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, in the case of New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Wellington, in the case of Hong Kong dollars, shall be Hong Kong and in the case of Japanese yen, 
shall be Tokyo); and  
 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque.  
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Revenue Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Revenue Code, any 
regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement with respect 
thereto or any law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental agreement and, in each case, no 
additional amounts will be paid with respect to any Taxes except as specifically provided under the provisions 
of Condition 9.  
 
(b)  
Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons  
 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against surrender of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States but for certain 
limited circumstances described below.  
 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any), other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipt. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
surrender of the relevant Note. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive 
Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.  
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Dual Currency Notes and Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of five years after the date on which such principal first became due (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Receipts and Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
payments in respect of any such Receipts and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be 
made or issued, as the case may be.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued 
in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note.  
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in 
the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of 
such Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent. On each occasion on which a payment of principal 
or interest is made in respect of a Classic Global Note, the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of a New Global Note the payment is entered pro rata in the record of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note. No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect 
of any payments due on that Global Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if:  
 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the United States is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or 
receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
 
(c) 
Payment Day

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes 
"Payment Day" means any day which is:  
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and any 
Additional Financial Centre which, if the Specified Currency is (a) Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, 
(b) New Zealand dollars, shall be Wellington, (c) Hong Kong dollars, shall be Hong Kong and (d) 
Japanese yen, shall be Tokyo or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is operating. 
 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Instalment Notes, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the 
Notes. 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
 
(a) 
At Maturity 
 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date or by instalments in the Instalment Amount(s) and 
on the Instalment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of a Note redeemable in 
instalments, an "Instalment Note"). 
 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons  
 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable

--- Page 151 ---
151 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if, on the occasion of the next payment due under 
the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 or the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporation 
tax for any interest payable as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes. 
 
With respect to Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement 
of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority 
or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. The Competent Authority 
may permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date 
if, without prejudice to this Condition 8(b), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. 
 
The redemption of any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, for Tax Reasons, shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time. 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to redeem, the Issuer may, having 
given:  
  
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 15; and  
 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent,  
 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s).  
 
Additionally, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement 
of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-

--- Page 152 ---
152 
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority 
or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time. 
 
The redemption of any Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, at the Option of the Issuer, shall be subject to (i) the prior 
(written) permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time.  
 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, both as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor of a reduction in principal amount at their discretion) and/or Euroclear Nederland, in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of 
definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case 
on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded 
downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed 
Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the 
Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this sub-paragraph (d) and notice 
to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
 
(d) 
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
 
 Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Event (as defined below) redeem the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, in whole but not in part, at any time, 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the holder of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 15. The Issuer 
will redeem the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities in accordance with the Terms and Conditions at the Optional Redemption

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the 
date of redemption.  
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Event and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined in Condition 
8(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), at its option and at any time substitute the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
respectively, in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities in such a way that they 
are eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirement and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior 
Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), the ALAC of 
the Issuer (as defined in Condition 8(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 15. Such variation or substitution shall 
not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the interests of holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively. 
Following such variation or substitution, the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities to any accrued interest which has not been 
paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation 
or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock exchange 
if the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
 
The option of the Issuer of effectuating a "Regulatory Call" and/or "Variation or Substitution" as described in 
the previous paragraphs, shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority 
provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given (including, without limitation, 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such redemption, variation or substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL 
Regulations at such time.  
 
 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event (as defined below) redeem the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Subordinated 
Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Condition 15. Additionally, redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time. The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if 
any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
 
If "Variation or Substitution" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event and/or a CRD 
Capital Event and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), an ALAC Event (each as defined in Condition 8(d) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to (i) the 
prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given (including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such variation or substitution as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time 
(but without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Subordinated 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes or 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant 
time and/or in respect of any Notes other than the Senior Preferred Notes (if ALAC Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable), are eligible under the ALAC (as defined below) of the Issuer. 
Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes in accordance with this Condition 8(d), as the case may be, 
provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether 
or not it will permit any such variation or substitution of the Subordinated Notes. 
 
Following such variation or substitution, the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 
Notes, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 
2 Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment 
date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
 
"ALAC Event" means, at any time, a change in, clarification to or amendment of any relevant methodology 
of S&P (or in the interpretation of such methodology) which impacts the eligibility of a Subordinated Note 
and/or a Senior Non-Preferred Note, respectively, under the ALAC in such a way that the Subordinated Note 
and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is not, or to a lesser extent, eligible to count towards the ALAC of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
A "Capital Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of a Subordinated Note that 
has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Note being excluded, in whole but not in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer, which change 
in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if 
redeemed within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be 
sufficiently certain and (iii) was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as demonstrated by 
the Issuer to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) CRR. 
 
An "MREL Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of a Senior Preferred Note, 
Senior Non-Preferred Note and/or Subordinated Note qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, 
that has in whole (or, only for the purposes of a "Variation or Substitution" specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in part) resulted or would be likely to result in the Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note 
and/or Subordinated Note qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities being excluded from eligibility for the 
purposes of the MREL Requirement applicable to the Issuer, provided that a MREL Event shall not occur 
where a Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note and/or Subordinated Note qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is excluded on the basis that the remaining maturity of such Note is less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL Requirement. 
 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo 
or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement 
adopted by the Competent Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer). 
 
"CRD Capital Event" is deemed to have occurred if the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Note can no longer be included in full in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer by reason of their non-
compliance with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time (as 
such regulatory capital rules are interpreted and applied by the ECB, DNB, EBA or other competent 
authorities). 
 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive and ii) the CRR.  
 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as 
amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by virtue of Directive (EU) 2019/878). 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by virtue of Regulation (EU) 2019/876). 
 
"Future Capital Requirements Regulations" means any regulatory capital rules implementing CRR or the 
CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards) adopted by the EC, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by ECB, DNB, EBA or other competent 
authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the

--- Page 156 ---
156 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a 
solo or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD Directive. 
 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) or (c) above and Condition 11, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
 
 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; or 
 
 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a 
Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at its nominal amount; 
 
 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the product 
of: 
 
(a) the Reference Price; and 
(b) the sum of the figure 1 and the Accrual Yield, raised to the power of x, where 'x' is a fraction the 
numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Notes become due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
 
(f) 
Instalments 
 
Instalment Notes will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Date. In the case of early 
redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to paragraph (g) above. 
 
(g) 
Purchases 
 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes shall 
be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the 
Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 
CRR, which may include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer and (iii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at such time, and may not take place within five years after the Issue Date unless permitted under 
applicable laws and regulations (including CRD as then in effect). As a result of the direct or indirect purchase 
or other form of funding by the Issuer, its subsidiaries or any other undertaking in which the Issuer has

--- Page 157 ---
157 
participation in the form of ownership (direct or by way of control) of 20% or more of the voting rights or 
capital of that undertaking, of Tier 2 Notes, these Subordinated Notes may no longer qualify as Tier 2 Notes.  
 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78a CRR, which may include 
requiring the replacement of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) compliance with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time. As a result of the direct or indirect purchase or 
other form of funding by the Issuer, its subsidiaries or any other undertaking in which the Issuer has 
participation in the form of ownership (direct or by way of control) of 20% or more of the voting rights or 
capital of that undertaking, of any such Notes, these Notes may no longer qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption, if any). All Notes so cancelled and the 
Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
 
(i) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (g)(iii) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due 
and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 15. 
 
(j) 
Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes 
 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or (acting on the decisions and 
instructions by the Resolution Authority) the Issuer that, without the consent of the relevant Noteholder, (a) 
all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must 
be written down, reduced, or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the 
Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into (claims which may 
give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by 
the Applicable Resolution Framework, provided that all other debt instruments and other obligations of the 
Issuer which are expressed to rank or which rank junior to the specific type of Note in the case of bankruptcy 
or liquidation of the Issuer have already fully absorbed losses of the Issuer to the extent determined or

--- Page 158 ---
158 
required by the Resolution Authority before any write-down or conversion of such Notes pursuant to the 
application of this provision.  
 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced or converted into 
(claims which may give rights to) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default 
and (iii) Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or the amount 
subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including 
with respect to any accrued but unpaid interest on such written down, reduced or converted amounts. 
 
Upon any write down, reduction, or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount 
resulting after such write down, reduction or conversion.  
 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, such as replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Notes, expropriation 
of Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Notes, suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of 
the Issuer under or in connection with the Notes and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Notes. 
Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders shall be as prescribed by the 
Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, upon such determination, no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from any such event. Any such event shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
Upon any write down, reduction or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
or as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that this may or will occur the Issuer shall promptly give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Such notice will include details of the relevant (foreseen) 
write-down or conversion. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or 
otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such 
failure. 
 
In these Conditions: 
 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer at 
the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of Directive 2014/59/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and 
Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 
2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, or any other intervention, resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be 
applicable to the Issuer, including Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 and the Dutch Intervention Act. 
 
9. 
Taxation

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature (collectively 'Taxes'), unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by applicable law. In the event the withholding or deduction of such Taxes is imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, the Issuer will, depending on which provision is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either:  
 
a) make the required withholding or deduction of such Taxes for the account of the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons; or 
 
b) pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of 
the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amount which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
 
i. 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 Notes only, any withholding or deduction in respect of payments of principal under 
the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or Tier 2 Notes;  
 
ii. 
to a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of 
such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; 
 
iii. 
to a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of residence, non-residence or other similar document or other evidence 
concerning nationality, residence or identity of the Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder which is 
needed as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such Taxes or to assess whether such Taxes are 
applicable to the respective payment but only to the extent the holder is legally entitled to provide such 
information or documentation or such information or documentation is otherwise reasonably requested by 
the Issuer;  
 
iv. 
in respect of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) as amended from time to time; or 
 
v. 
presented for payment, where presentation is required, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts will be paid by the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other 
person on account of any deduction or withholding from a payment on, or in respect of, the Notes, Receipts

--- Page 160 ---
160 
or Coupons where such deduction or withholding is required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Revenue Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Revenue 
Code, any regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any intergovernmental agreement with 
respect thereto or any law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental agreement ("FATCA"). 
 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
 
10. 
Prescription 
 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of five 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) therefore.  
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7(b). 
 
11. 
Events of Default 
 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be 
continuing: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination or this 
involves a solvent liquidation,  
 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 8(e)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that (i) repayment of the Notes under this Condition 
will only be effected after the Issuer has (i) obtained the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR, (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR in the event the Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, or the conditions in 
Article 78a CRR in the event the Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments respectively of equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) complied with 
any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such repayment as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Noteholders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. Save as 
provided above, the sole remedy available to Noteholders to enforce any term or condition binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons, respectively, shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to 
demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons, 
including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such 
payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 11, shall be available 
to the Subordinated Noteholders, the Senior Preferred Noteholders and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons or in respect of any breach by the 
Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons.  
 
The application of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation as set out in Condition 8 in respect of the Notes 
does not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
 
13. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out 
below.  
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying agent with 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange; 
 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental Europe; 
 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the Netherlands.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a paying agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
 
14. 
Exchange of Talons 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date or for the Specified Period, 
as appropriate, on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming 
part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date 
or for the Specified Period (as the case may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon 
sheet matures. 
 
15. 
Notices 
 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) if and for so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in 
Amsterdam in at least one daily newspaper of wide circulation in the Netherlands, and (ii) if and for so long 
as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that such publication in a daily newspaper will be made in Het 
Financieele Dagblad. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication 
in all the newspapers in which such publication is required to be made or on the date of publication on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any publication 
required by a stock exchange, the rules of the stock exchange so permit), so long as the Global Note(s) is 
or are held in its or their entirety with a depository or a common depository on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper be substituted 
for publication in some or all of the newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system for communication by 
them to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
Where the identity of all the Noteholders is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (after consultation with the 
relevant Stock Exchange (where relevant)) give notice individually to such holders in lieu of publication as 
provided above, except that, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, such notices will also be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the Netherlands.  
 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note,

--- Page 163 ---
163 
such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as the case may 
be, may approve for this purpose.  
 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver  
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such meetings may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5% in a nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50% in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business 
of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of 
payments on the Notes, Receipts or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned 
such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to:  
 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
 
The Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to any 
substitution or variation of Notes pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 8(d). 
 
Any such modification, substitution or variation shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification, substitution or variation shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Any amendment to Condition 8(j) or which impacts the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes 
is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, 
such permission is required to be given, including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 CRR) (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such amendment as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
at such time.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Any amendment to Condition 8(j) or which impacts the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, respectively, as being eligible for purposes 
of the Issuer's MREL Requirement is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority 
(provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given, including, without limitation, 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR) (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such amendment as may be required by the Competent Authority or MREL Regulations at such time.  
 
17. 
Further Issuances 
 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
 
18. 
Substitution of the Issuer  
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and in case of Tier 2 Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, respectively, after (i) (written) permission of the Competent Authority, (provided that, at the 
relevant time, such permission is required to be given, including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 
CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such replacement 
and substitution as may be required by the Competent Authority, MREL Regulations or CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, be replaced and substituted by any directly or 
indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the "Substituted Debtor") as principal debtor in respect of 
the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons provided that: 
 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be necessary to 
give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder and 
Couponholder to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes and the related Receipts 
and Coupons and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
relevant Receipts and Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall 
guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the "Guarantee") in favour of 
each Noteholder and each holder of the related Receipts and Coupons the payment of all sums 
(including any additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 9) payable in respect of the Notes 
and the related Receipts and Coupons; 
 
(ii) 
where the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory 
other than the Netherlands, the Documents shall contain a covenant and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 9 with the substitution for the references to the 
Netherlands of references to the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled 
and/or resident for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all 
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses, which may be incurred by or levied against such holder as a 
result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been so incurred or 
levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs,

--- Page 165 ---
165 
charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such 
Noteholder or Couponholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which 
such Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not 
have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
(a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the performance of its obligations under 
the Documents, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the 
obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all 
valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder; 
 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that following the proposed 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading firm of lawyers in the jurisdiction in which the Substituted Debtor is 
situated to the effect that the Documents and the Substituted Debtor's obligations under the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, 
such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent;  
 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a legal opinion 
from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including the Guarantee) will 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than 
three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent; and 
 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a legal opinion 
from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including the Guarantee) 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch 
law, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders 
at the specified office of the Agent. 
 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the Substituted 
Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as 
provided in Condition 18(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from such substitution. 
 
(c) 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Subordinated Notes of any Series, 
the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the Subordinated Notes of such Series constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee constitutes a subordinated obligation of the 
Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its

--- Page 166 ---
166 
substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under 
Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions. In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series constitute any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Substituted Debtor, which have a lower ranking within the 
meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by the Article 108 Amending Directive, in the 
Netherlands), and that the Guarantee constitutes an unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the Issuer 
with a similar ranking as those of the Substituted Debtor, in each case subordinated to no greater than the 
same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series under Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions (unless it is 
not legally possible for the Guarantee to have such a similar ranking, in which case the Guarantee may 
constitute a subordinated obligation of the Issuer). 
 
(d) 
With respect to Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after (i) (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be 
given, including, without limitation, pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such waiver as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, by notice to the Noteholders 
given in accordance with Condition 15, at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with 
paragraph (c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor 
pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. With respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
respectively, the Issuer shall be entitled, after (i) (written) permission of the Competent Authority (provided 
that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given, including, without limitation, pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
waiver as may be required by the Competent Authority or the MREL Regulations at such time, by notice to 
the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 15, at any time either to effect a substitution which does 
not comply with paragraph (c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the 
principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
 
(e) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, the Substituted Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer and the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended 
to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer 
from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
save that any claims under the Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons prior to release shall inure for 
the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
 
(f) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons remain 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons or the Documents shall not have 
been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in 
the Documents the right of every Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the 
enforcement of any of the Notes or the related Receipts and Coupons or the Documents.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(g) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Dutch law, including the choice of court agreement set out below in Condition 19(b).  
 
(b) 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
to the jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, judging in first instance, and in its appellate 
courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
PART 2: FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Copies of the Final Terms will be provided by the Issuer upon request. [In addition, in case of Notes listed on 
Euronext in Amsterdam, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Euronext Amsterdam 
(https://www.euronext.com/) and in case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)].  
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
 
Final Terms 
 
de Volksbank N.V. 
(incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited liability company and having its corporate seat in Utrecht) 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500A1FNICHSDF2I11 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") issued under the Debt 
Issuance Programme of de Volksbank N.V. (the "Issuer").  
 
dated [•]  
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the issue of Notes under the Debt Issuance Programme (the 
"Programme") of the Issuer, described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). It must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus pertaining to the Programme, 
dated 14 October 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") and any amendments or supplements thereto, which together 
constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
and any amendments or supplements thereto. The Base Prospectus and any amendments and/or supplements 
thereto are available for viewing at www.volksbank.nl as well as at the office of the Issuer at Croeselaan 1, 3521 
BJ, Utrecht, the Netherlands, where copies may also be obtained (free of charge). Any information contained in or 
accessible through any website, including www.volksbank.nl, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless 
specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed 
to be incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market: 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in

--- Page 169 ---
169 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA")  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]  
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels."] 
 
[The following language applies if the first Tranche of the Series of Notes is issued under the current base 
prospectus] 
 
[These Final Terms are to be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") set forth in chapter 2, Part 1 of the Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions as completed by 
these Final Terms constitute the conditions (the "Conditions") of the Notes. Capitalised terms not defined herein 
will have the same meaning as in the Terms and Conditions. All references to numbered Conditions and sections 
are to Conditions and sections of the Terms and Conditions set forth in chapter 2, Part 1 of the Base Prospectus.] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Series or Tranche of an issuance which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such, to the extent they apply to the previously issued "Senior 
Notes" and/or Senior Preferred Notes (as may be the case), in [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 
91 up to and including 135 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 October 2019 
(the "2019 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 103 up to and including 
160 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 15 October 2020 (the "2020 Terms and 
Conditions")] which have been incorporated by reference in, and forms part of the base prospectus dated 14 
October 2021[, as supplemented by the supplement to this base prospectus dated [insert date]] (the "Base 
Prospectus"). These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus, save in respect of the 2019 Terms and Conditions and the 2020 Terms and Conditions 
incorporated by reference therein which are attached hereto. Together, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms 
constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if 'Not Applicable' is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms constitute 'significant 
new factors' and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the publication of which would in turn trigger the investors' right to withdraw their 
acceptances within a period of two Business Days.] 
 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the first tranche 
was issued pursuant to a previous information memorandum/base prospectus. This could arise in circumstances 
where, for example, the Final Terms for the original tranche included information which is no longer permitted to be 
included in final terms under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance issued by ESMA.] 
 
 
 
(1) 
 Issuer: 
de Volksbank N.V.  
 
 
 
(2) 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] (If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert earlier Tranches] on [[insert date]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about [insert date]].] 
 
 
 
(3) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
(4) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount  
[  ]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
(i) 
Series : 
[Up to] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[Up to] 
 
 
 
(5) 
 Issue Price of Tranche: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issuances only, if applicable)] 
 
 
 
(6) 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ]  
 
(Notes may not be issued in denominations less than 
€100,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other currency). 
 
(Note – Please use the following sample wording: 
'[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].') 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[  ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 
 
(7) 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/ Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(8) 
 Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
 
 
 
(9) 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[EURIBOR/ Compounded Daily 
€STR/ Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average 
SOFR/ Compounded Daily SONIA] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 
 
(10) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Instalment]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(11) 
Change of Interest Basis Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of  
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Basis Option Period: 
[  ] Business Days 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Change of Interest Basis 
Option Period Date: 
[  ]/Each Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating 
Rate][EURIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average 
SOFR/ Compounded Daily SONIA] +/- [ ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating 
Rate][EURIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Compounded Daily SOFR/ Weighted Average 
SOFR/ Compounded Daily SONIA] +/- [ ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
 
 
 
(12) 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call (only if Condition 8(d) applies)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
(13) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated [Tier 
2] Notes] 
 
 
 
(14) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers: 
[insert names and addresses/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[insert names and addresses/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
 
 
(15) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear]

--- Page 173 ---
173 
[From (and including) [ ] up to (but excluding) [ ]] [[ ]per cent. 
per annum] [the aggregate of [spread of issuance of [ ] ] 
per cent. and the Mid Swap Rate [per annum] [determined 
by 
the 
Agent] 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date [from (and including) [ ] up to 
(but excluding) [ ]].] 
 
["Mid Swap Rate" means the annual mid swap rate for 
[Euro] [US dollar] swap transactions with a maturity of [ ] 
years, expressed as a percentage, displayed on Reuters 
screen page as [ICESWAP2][ ]7 (or such other page as 
may replace that page on Reuters, or such other service 
as may be designated by the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] in 
consultation with the Issuer)] at [ ] [a.m./p.m.] ([ ] time) on 
the [second] Business Day prior to [ ].] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year  
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period  
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
-  Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No 
adjustment/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
 
-  Adjustment or 
Unadjustment for Interest 
Period 
[Adjusted] or [Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 
-    Additional Business 
Centre(s) 
[  ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
                                                        
7 Dealers to indicate which other mid swap rates are commonly used.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal duration. 
 
NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
 
(16) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[  ][only applicable if no Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are set out] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
 
-  Business Day Convention  
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/No adjustment/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
- 
Adjustment or 
Unadjustment for Interest 
Period 
[Adjusted] or [Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
  
-  Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ Compounded Daily €STR/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/ Weighted Average SOFR/ Compounded Daily 
SONIA[  ]]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
-  Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] [London Banking Days / U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days / TARGET Settlement Days] [prior to the 
[end][start] of each] [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period] 
 
(the second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
operating prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or any other inter-bank offered rate prevailing in 
a country in which the TARGET2 System does not apply) 
 
 
-  Observation Method:  
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where Lock-out date 
means 
the 
date 
5 
[London 
Banking 
Days][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to the applicable Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
 
-  Observation Look-back 
Period  
[specify number] [London Banking Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement Days]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days] 
(being no less than 5 TARGET Settlement Days or 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days): 
 
 
-  Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ]  
 
(subject to the fallback provisions set out in Condition 6(d))  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR 01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
 
 
-  Relevant Time:  
[  ] (For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/ Amsterdam 
time) 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
-  Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
 
-  Designated Maturity: 
[  ] 
 
-    Reset Date: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Floating Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) Actual/365 (Fixed) Actual/360 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
(17) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
(18) 
 Dual Currency Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange 
[Give details] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[  ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Person at whose option 
Specified Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
[  ] 
 
 
 
(19) 
 Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, administrator legal name], as administrator of 
[specify benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] OR [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [legal name 
of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union or the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
 
(20) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):  
[  ]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s)  
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):  
[  ] days (N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
 
(21) 
 Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[  ] days (N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
 
 
 
(22) 
Final Redemption Amount  
[[  ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
 
(23) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons[, redemption for illegality 
reasons[ or on event of default 
and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required): 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(24) 
 Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[ALAC Event:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(25) 
 Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event [and in 
case of a Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland only in the limited circumstances, as described 
in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) (as amended from time to time)]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is not exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.]* 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date.]** 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event [and in 
case of a Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Nederland only in the limited circumstances, as described 
in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) (as amended from time to time)]] 
 
[Permanent Global Note not exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes]*** 
 
 
 
(26) 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Please refer to item 39(v) if applicable] 
 
 
 
(27) 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which items 
15(ii) and 16(ii) relate) 
 
 
 
(28) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes (give details) /No] 
 
 
 
(29) 
Details relating to Instalment Notes; 
amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
[Applicable (give details)/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(30) 
Redenomination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Day Count Fraction applicable to 
Redenomination calculation: 
 
 
[  ] 
(31) 
Taxation 
[Condition 9 first paragraph under (a) applies and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Whether Condition 9 first paragraph 
under (a) of the Notes applies (in 
which case Condition 8(b) of the 
Notes will not apply) or whether 
Condition 9 first paragraph under 
(b) of the Notes applies (in which 
case Condition 8(b) of the Notes will 
apply): 
Condition 8(b) does not apply] [Condition 9 first 
paragraph under (b) applies and Condition 8(b) 
applies]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
 
 
 
(32) 
Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
rules 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
 
(33) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Applicable (give legal name)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(34) 
Listing 
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext in Amsterdam/Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext in Amsterdam/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange regulated market] with effect from [___], [Not 
Applicable].  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) [___]] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[  ] 
 
(iv) 
Green Exchange 
[Application has been made for display to the Luxembourg 
Green Exchange] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(35) 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been rated/are 
expected to be rated]: 
 
[Moody's France SAS: 
[  ]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[  ]] 
 
[Other]]: 
 
 
 
[and endorsed by [insert details including full legal name of 
credit rating agency/ies]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the EU and [has]/[have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority]].  
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
not established in the EU or in the UK and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation nor by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]   
 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]  
 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency/ies] [is]/[are] 
endorsed by [Insert full legal name of credit rating 
agency/ies]  which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(36) 
Notification 
The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets 
(Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the "AFM") [has 
been requested to provide/has provided – include first 
alternative for an issuance which is contemporaneous with 
[the update of] the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issuances] the [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a notification that 
the Base Prospectus (including any supplements thereto) 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
 
 
 
(37) 
Interests of Natural and Legal 
Persons Involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
 
 
(38) 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
Indication of yield: 
[  ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
(39) 
Operational Information 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
WKN Code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Other relevant code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
New Global Note intended to 
be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the international central securities depositories 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
[Offer Period: 
[The offer of the Notes is expected to open at [  ] hours ([  ] 
time) on [  ] and close at [  ] hours ([  ] time) on [  ] or such 
earlier or later date or time as the Issuer may determine, 
following consultation with the relevant Dealer where 
practical,] (and announce])] [If not applicable, delete this 
sub-paragraph]] 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear / Clearstream Luxembourg / Euroclear 
Nederland / other alternative clearing system] 
 
 
 
(40) 
 Names and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(41) 
Name and address of Additional 
paying agent (if any):  
 
[[ ]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
(42) 
 Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes][specify other][In case Green 
Bonds are issued, the category of Green Projects must be 
specified.] 
 
Responsibility 
The Issuer declares that, the information contained herein is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in these Final Terms. [[Insert third party information] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised   
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
* 
Do not use for Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland. 
** 
If selected in combination with Euroclear Nederland as clearing system, further legal advice is required. 
*** 
Do not use for Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear Nederland. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- applicable Terms and Conditions to be attached -

--- Page 185 ---
185 
  
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
de Volksbank N.V. 
Croeselaan 1 
3521 BJ Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AGENTS 
 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg SA 
69 Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
 
 
To the Issuer 
NautaDutilh N.V. 
Beethovenstraat 400 
1082 PR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
To the Dealer 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150  
1083 HP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
 
 
 
de Volksbank N.V.  
Croeselaan 1 
3521 BJ Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.  
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands  
 
 
DEALER 
 
 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands