--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
DEERE & COMPANY 
JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated as a credit institution under the laws of the  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies of  
Luxembourg under the number B 74106) 
JOHN DEERE CASH MANAGEMENT 
(incorporated as a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) under the laws of the  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Commerce and Companies of  
Luxembourg under the number B 101957) 
U.S.$6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, as to Notes  
to be issued by John Deere Cash Management, by 
DEERE & COMPANY 
and 
Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed, as to Notes  
to be issued by John Deere Bank S.A., by 
JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus. The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the relevant Issuers or the relevant Guarantors that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within twelve months after the 
date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA").  
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme 
within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
with the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and the relevant Dealer.  
This Base Prospectus is valid within 12 months from its date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the relevant Issuer or the 
relevant Guarantor (if any) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein), subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements.  
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same 
as any rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including 
details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "Benchmarks Regulation" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays   
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 31 March 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Each of Deere & Company ("Deere"), John Deere Capital Corporation ("Deere Capital"), John Deere 
Bank S.A. ("Deere Luxembourg") and John Deere Cash Management ("Deere Cash Management") 
(each an "Issuer" and collectively, the "Issuers") and Deere & Company and John Deere Capital 
Corporation in their capacity as guarantors (each a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors") 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors declare that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "Issuer" are to Deere, Deere Capital, Deere Luxembourg or Deere 
Cash Management, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the Notes under the Programme and references to 
the "relevant Issuer" shall be construed accordingly. In this Base Prospectus, references to "Guarantor" 
are to Deere or Deere Capital as Guarantor, in the case of Deere, of Notes to be issued by Deere Cash 
Management and, in the case of Deere Capital, of Notes to be issued by Deere Luxembourg, and references 
to the "relevant Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms"). This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any 
supplements hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Notes to be listed on the Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (live.euronext.com).  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors have confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" 
below that this Base Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the 
issue, offering and sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) material; that such information is true 
and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes and the guarantee of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors confirm that any information from third party sources has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
such third party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuers or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by any Issuer, any Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with any 
issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, 
or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of any Issuer or any Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, neither the Notes nor the 
Guarantees (as defined in the Conditions) have been or will be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the 
Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Investors are advised that Notes in bearer form generally will not be issued under the Programme, unless 
and until there is a change in U.S. income tax law that permits the issuance of bearer debt without adverse 
tax consequences to the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by any Issuer, any Guarantor, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed U.S.$6,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into U.S. dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with 
the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in (or incorporated by reference 
into) this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to 
United States dollars, references to "£", "GBP" or "sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "yen" are to Japanese 
yen, references to "Renminbi", "RMB", or "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (the "PRC") which for the purposes of this Base Prospectus excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan and 
references to "PRC Government" are to the government of the PRC. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER EU MiFID II – A determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE UNDER UK MiFIR - A determination will be made in relation to each 
issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE - In connection with Section 309B 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets 
products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
STABILISATION - In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 26 
SUPPLEMENTAL BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................ 29 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 73 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 90 
DEERE & COMPANY .............................................................................................................................. 94 
JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION ........................................................................................... 100 
JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. ...................................................................................................................... 103 
JOHN DEERE CASH MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................. 105 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 107 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 115 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION ............................................................................................................ 121 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 122

--- Page 8 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview of key features of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview of key features of the Programme. 
Issuers: 
Deere & Company 
 
John Deere Capital Corporation 
 
John Deere Bank S.A. 
 
John Deere Cash Management  
Guarantor (of Notes issued 
by John Deere Cash 
Management): 
Deere & Company 
Guarantor (of Notes issued 
by John Deere Bank S.A.): 
John Deere Capital Corporation 
Deere Group: 
Deere & Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, 
Merrill Lynch International, Standard Chartered Bank and any other 
Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers and the Guarantors 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Admission to Trading: 
Each Series of Notes may be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer and specified in the relevant Final Terms or may 
be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series of Notes may comprise one 
or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Conditions and must be 
read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and

--- Page 9 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in registered form. The Notes may be sold 
outside the U.S. in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of 
Regulation S. Notes in bearer form will not be issued under the 
Programme, unless and until there is a change in U.S. income tax law 
that permits the issuance of bearer debt without adverse tax 
consequences to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. 
 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially 
be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note (as defined below) 
or a Permanent Global Note (as defined below), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note (as defined 
below) which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes (as defined below).  
 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will 
initially be represented by a Global Registered Note which will either 
be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), 
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars, euro, sterling, yen, 
Renminbi or in any other currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such 
compliance, be made in, and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by any Issuer on an unsubordinated basis. Notes 
may also be issued by Deere and Deere Capital on a subordinated 
basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Guarantees: 
Senior Notes issued by Deere Cash Management will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Deere, on an 
unsubordinated basis. Senior Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg will 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Deere Capital, on 
an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer, the relevant

--- Page 10 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities (which may not exceed 30 years) as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject, in relation to each Specified 
Currency, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Notes 
may be redeemable at par. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will be permitted only for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series of Notes. Interest on the Notes will not be 
contingent in an amount that is determined by reference to the receipts, 
sales, income, profits or cashflow of the Issuer or a related person, or 
the change in value of any property held by the Issuer or a related 
person. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in denominations of at least EUR 100,000 or the 
equivalent in any other specified currency as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, all Notes issued with a 
maturity of 183 days or less will at all times have a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency) provided, however, that the minimum 
denominations will always be the equivalent of at least EUR 100,000 
per Note. 
 
Any Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds are received by any 
Issuer in the United Kingdom and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must: (a) have a minimum redemption value and minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other Specified 
Currencies) provided, however, that the minimum denominations 
will always be the equivalent of at least EUR 100,000 per Note and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (b) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant 
Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Senior Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge with respect to Senior 
Notes).

--- Page 11 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes and deductions in the jurisdictions of each Issuer or 
Guarantor, as the case may be, unless the withholding is required by 
law. In that event, such Issuer and Guarantor will (subject as provided 
in Condition 13 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been 
required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, each Deed of Guarantee, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them, will be governed by English law, except that 
the subordination provisions of Condition 4(b) applicable to 
Subordinated Notes issued by Deere or Deere Capital will be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the federal laws of the United 
States of America. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of 
articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law on Commercial 
Companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended, are excluded in 
respect of the Notes, Coupons and Talons.  
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against each 
Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 31 March 2021, 
a copy of which will be available for inspection at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, The Netherlands, the PRC, Hong Kong, 
Singapore and the EEA, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks, some of which have been 
identified by each Issuer and Guarantor and are set out in more detail 
below in "Risk Factors". Risk factors identified include general 
business risk factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer and 
Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the 
Deeds of Guarantee. These general business risk factors include but 
are not limited to: national and local economic, political and industry 
conditions; changes in the levels of new business volume; changes in 
competitive factors; price changes impacting equipment costs and 
residual values; changes in costs and availability of external funding 
sources; and legislation and governmental regulation. 
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied 
by the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to meet part of 
their general financing requirements. If, in respect of any particular 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuers and the Guarantors, the industries 
in which each of them operate and the Notes summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"Overview" are the risks that the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be the most essential to an 
assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, as the 
risks which the Issuers and the Guarantors face relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or 
may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the key risks 
summarised in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Overview" but also, among other things, the 
risks and uncertainties described below.  
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuers and the Guarantors that are not currently known to the Issuers and the Guarantors, or that 
either currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on 
the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuers and the Guarantors 
and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part 
of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantors to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantees. 
When a risk factor is relevant in more than one category, such risk factor is presented only under the 
category deemed to be the most relevant for such risk factor. 
Risks Relating to the Issuers and Guarantors  
Risks Related to the COVID Pandemic. 
The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect the Deere Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.  
The virus causing COVID was identified in late 2019 and spread globally (the "COVID pandemic"). 
Efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and uneven access to, and acceptance 
and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. The COVID pandemic has resulted in governments and other 
authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, 
quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business closures. These measures have impacted and may continue 
to impact all or portions of Deere's workforce and operations and the operations of customers, dealers, and 
suppliers. Although certain restrictions related to the COVID pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues 
to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. Current material and component shortages 
have limited and could continue to limit Deere's ability to meet customer demand, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Deere's financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.  
The COVID pandemic caused a global recession and the sustainability of the economic recovery observed 
in 2021 remains unclear. The COVID pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand 
uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the United States and elsewhere, and has led to disruption 
and volatility in demand for Deere's products and services, suppliers' ability to fill orders, and global capital 
markets. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect demand for Deere's products and services, the 
value of the equipment financed or leased, the demand for financing, and the financial condition and credit 
risk of Deere's dealers and customers. Continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and 
persistent effects of the COVID pandemic may significantly adversely affect Deere's business and outlook. 
These uncertainties include, among other things: the duration and impact of the resurgence in COVID cases 
in any country, state, or region; the emergence, contagiousness, and threat of new and different strains of 
the virus; the availability, acceptance, and effectiveness of vaccines; additional closures or other actions as 
mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities, including employee vaccine mandates; 
disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material 
availability, and global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation

--- Page 13 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
capacity of ocean shipping containers, and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more 
key suppliers, or the failure of any key supplier; an increasingly competitive labour market due to a 
sustained labour shortage or increased turnover caused by the COVID pandemic; Deere's ability to meet 
commitments to Deere's customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs, supply and transportation 
challenges; increased logistics costs;  additional operating costs due to continued remote working 
arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and other COVID-related challenges; increased 
risk of cyber attacks on network connections used in remote working arrangements; increased privacy-
related risks due to processing health-related personal information; legal claims related to personal 
protective equipment designed, made, or provided by Deere or alleged exposure to COVID on Deere 
premises; absence of employees due to illness; and the impact of the pandemic on Deere's customers and 
dealers. These factors, and others that are currently known or considered immaterial, could materially and 
adversely affect Deere's business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position.  
Financial Risks. 
Deere's consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars while certain assets and other reported 
items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency exchange and translation 
risk. 
The Deere Group operates in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of 
currencies. The Deere Group is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that its costs are denominated 
in currencies other than those in which it earns revenues.  
Additionally, the reporting currency for Deere's consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain 
of the Deere Group's assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in other countries' 
currencies. Those assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable 
exchange rates to prepare Deere's consolidated financial statements. Therefore, increases or decreases in 
exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected 
in Deere's consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in their original 
currencies. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar could have a significant impact on the 
Deere Group's results. 
Because the Deere Group's Equipment Operations and financial services segment are subject to interest 
rate risks, changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins, 
and limit the ability to access capital markets while increasing borrowing costs. 
Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial 
condition of the Deere Group's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand 
for Deere Group equipment and customers' ability to repay obligations to the Deere Group. In addition, 
credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs, which are very important to the Deere 
Group's financial services segment because such costs affect the segment's ability to offer customers 
competitive financing rates. While Deere strives to match the interest rate characteristics of its financial 
assets and liabilities, changing interest rates could have an adverse effect on Deere's net interest rate 
margin—the difference between the yield Deere earns on its assets and the interest rates Deere pays for 
funding, which could in turn affect Deere's net interest income and earnings. Actions by credit rating 
agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost 
of funding for Deere and can increase Deere's cost of capital and hurt its competitive position. 
Sustained increases in funding obligations under Deere's pension plans may impair its liquidity or financial 
condition. 
Deere maintains certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose related funding 
obligations. Deere uses many assumptions in calculating its future payment obligations under these plans. 
Significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of return on pension 
investments being lower than expected. Deere may be required to make significant contributions to its 
pension plans in the future. These factors could significantly increase Deere's payment obligations under 
the plans and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 14 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the adoption of alternative 
reference rates could adversely affect Deere's business and results of operations. 
The Issuers and the Guarantors are exposed to LIBOR-based financial instruments, primarily relating to 
debt, derivative, and receivables transactions, which have been entered into previously and remain 
outstanding. The LIBOR benchmark has been subject of national, international, and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. On 5 March 2021, the head of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the 
"FCA"), which regulates the LIBOR administrator, announced that 35 LIBOR-setting will either cease to 
be provided by such administrator or will no longer be representative as of the end of 2021, for some USD 
LIBOR settings as of 30 June 2023. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced its 
intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In 
November 2020, the Intercontinental Exchange announced its intention to cease publication of certain 
LIBOR settings by the end of 2021 while continuing to publish overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-
month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates through to 30 June 2023. However, in early 2021, the United States Federal 
Reserve Board and other regulatory bodies issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market 
participants to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as 
practicable and in any event no later than 31 December 2021. These actions may cause LIBOR to perform 
differently than in the past and LIBOR will likely ultimately cease to exist. 
To facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rate(s), John Deere has established 
an initiative led by internal subject matter experts to assess and mitigate risks associated with the 
discontinuation of LIBOR. As part of this initiative, several alternative benchmark rates have been, and 
continue to be, evaluated. At this time, however, the effects of the phase out of LIBOR and the adoption of 
alternative benchmark rates have not been fully determined. Any new benchmark rate will likely not 
replicate LIBOR exactly, which could affect the relevant Issuer's and the relevant Guarantor's contracts that 
mature after a LIBOR cessation date. In addition, there is uncertainty about how applicable laws, the courts, 
or the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor will address the replacement of LIBOR with alternative 
rates on variable rate contracts that do not include, or contain unclear, alternative rate fallback provisions. 
A failure to properly transition away from LIBOR could expose the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantor to various financial, operational, and regulatory risks, which could affect their results of 
operations and cash flows. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect 
the trading market for the relevant Issuer's and the relevant Guarantor's securities. 
Risks Relating to the Issuers' Business Activities and Industry.  
The Deere Group's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. 
The Deere Group operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. The Deere Group 
competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar 
products. The Deere Group competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, 
distribution, customer service, and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, 
unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or the Deere Group's failure to price its products 
competitively could adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
The Deere Group's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to 
develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its 
business results. 
The Deere Group's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated 
preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at 
affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of the Deere Group's 
existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as Argentina, Brazil, 
and India. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of 
competitors could have a significant adverse effect on the Deere Group's business. 
The potential loss of Deere Group intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, 
trademark counterfeiting, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of Deere Group intellectual property could 
have a material adverse effect on the Deere Group. Infringement of the intellectual property rights of others 
by the Deere Group may also have a material adverse effect on Deere.

--- Page 15 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
The Deere Group relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and 
confidentiality agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. In particular, Deere heavily relies on 
certain Deere Group trademarks that contribute to its identity and the recognition of its products and 
services, including but not limited to the "John Deere" mark, the leaping deer logo, the "Nothing Runs Like 
a Deere" slogan, the prefix "JD" associated with many products, and the green and yellow equipment 
colours. These trademarks, as well as the many patents used in the Deere Group's products, are integral to 
the Deere Group's business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the Deere Group. 
Additionally, third parties may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of the Deere group's patents or 
allege that the Deere Group infringes their patents. The Deere Group may incur substantial costs if its 
competitors or other third parties initiate such litigation or if the Deere Group initiates any proceedings to 
protect its proprietary rights. If the outcome of any such litigation is unfavourable to the Deere Group, its 
business could be adversely affected. Similarly, disputes may arise regarding whether its products or 
technologies infringe the proprietary rights of others. Any such infringement could cause third parties, 
including competitors, to bring claims against the Deere Group, resulting in significant costs, possible 
damages and substantial uncertainty. 
Unfavourable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand 
for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect the Deere Group's business. 
Poor or unusual weather conditions, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can 
significantly affect the purchasing decisions of the Deere Group's customers, particularly the purchasers of 
agriculture and turf equipment. The timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in 
agricultural production. Insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause 
growing crops to die or result in lower yields. Excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from 
occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mould growth. 
Temperatures outside normal ranges can also cause crop failure or decreased yields and may also affect 
disease incidence. Temperature affects the rate of growth, maturity, and quality of crops. Natural calamities 
such as regional floods, hurricanes, or other storms, droughts, diseases, and pests can have significant 
negative effects on agricultural and livestock production. The resulting negative impact on farm income 
can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment and the financial condition and credit risk of the 
Deere Group's dealers and customers. Adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region, 
particularly during the important spring selling season, may adversely affect sales of some turf equipment. 
Drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and unusually rainy weather 
can similarly cause lower sales volumes. 
Changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods could result 
in significant disruptions to the supply chain, production disruptions, and increased costs and lower profits 
on sales of Deere Group products. 
The Deere Group requires access to various raw materials, components, and whole goods at competitive 
prices to manufacture and distribute its products. Changes in the availability and prices of these raw 
materials, components, and whole goods, which have fluctuated significantly in the past and are more likely 
to fluctuate during times of economic volatility, regulatory instability, or change in import tariffs or trade 
agreements, can significantly increase the costs of production, which could have a material negative effect 
on the profitability of the business, particularly if the Deere Group, due to pricing considerations or other 
factors, is unable to recover the increased costs from its customers. Significant disruptions to the supply 
chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods can adversely affect the 
Deere Group's ability to meet commitments to customers. The Deere Group relies on suppliers to acquire 
raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products.  
Certain components and parts used in the Deere Group's products are available from a single supplier and 
cannot be alternatively sourced quickly. The Deere Group agreed to voluntarily terminate its joint venture 
agreement with Hitachi in a transaction that is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. In connection 
with this termination, John Deere Construction & Forestry Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deere, 
has entered into a supply agreement with Hitachi pursuant to which Hitachi will continue to provide John 
Deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts. Any delay or failure by Hitachi to deliver these 
supplies, or failure by Hitachi to produce such supplies in a manner that meets the Deere Group's quality 
and quantity requirements, could adversely affect the Deere Group's business, results of operations, cash 
flow, and financial condition or its ability to meet commitments to its customers.

--- Page 16 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
In 2020, the COVID pandemic caused a significant reduction in global demand for goods, resulting in 
widespread cuts in manufacturing capacity and the displacement of workers. As economies around the 
world have reopened in 2021, sharp increases in demand have created significant disruptions to the global 
supply chain, which have affected the Deere Group's ability to receive goods on a timely basis and at 
anticipated costs. These supply chain disruptions have been caused and compounded by many factors, 
including changes in supply and demand, industry capacity constraints, weather conditions, natural 
disasters, business continuity, labour shortages, the COVID pandemic, geopolitical tensions, and trade 
conflicts. Global logistics network challenges include shortages of shipping containers, ocean freight 
capacity constraints, international port delays, trucking and chassis shortages, railway and air freight 
capacity, and labour availability constraints, which have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing 
components, increased order backlogs, and increased transportation costs. The Deere Group actively 
monitors and mitigates supply chain risk, but there can be no assurance that its mitigation plans will be 
effective to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages of materials that it uses in the production of 
its products. Uncertainties related to the magnitude and duration of global supply chain disruptions have 
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the Deere Group's business and outlook. 
Supply chain disruptions due to pandemic events, including the COVID pandemic, supplier financial 
distress, capacity constraints, trade barriers, labour shortages, business continuity, quality, cyber attacks, 
energy supply, delivery issues, or disruptions due to weather-related events or natural disasters could affect 
the Deere Group's operations and profitability. 
Security breaches and other disruptions to the Deere Group's information technology infrastructure could 
interfere with its operations, and could compromise the information of the Deere Group as well as its 
customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing the Deere Group to liability that could cause the Deere 
Group's business and reputation to suffer. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Deere Group relies upon information technology networks and 
systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, 
and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, 
manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of 
Deere Group equipment and from customers of the Deere Group's financial services segment. The Deere 
Group uses information technology systems to record, process, and summarise financial information and 
results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, 
and tax requirements. Additionally, the Deere Group collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual 
property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of Deere Group 
customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of the Deere Group's 
customers and employees, in data centres, which are often owned by third parties, and on information 
technology networks. The secure operation of these information technology networks, and the processing 
and maintenance of this information is critical to the Deere Group's business operations and strategy. 
Despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure programme, and business continuity plans, 
the Deere Group's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to 
damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee, supplier, 
or dealer error or malfeasance, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer 
software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, 
natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. Although the Deere Group has not suffered any significant 
cyber incidents that have resulted in material business impact, it has, from time to time, been the target of 
malicious cyber threat actors. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise the Deere Group's 
networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such 
access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or 
regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to the Deere 
Group's operations, and damage the Deere Group's reputation, which could adversely affect its business, 
results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase 
in frequency and sophistication, the Deere Group may need to invest additional resources to protect the 
security of the Deere Group's systems. 
Security breaches with respect to the Deere Group's products could interfere with the business of Deere, 
its dealers, and/or customers, exposing the Deere Group to liability that would cause its business and 
reputation to suffer. 
Some of the Deere Group's products include connectivity hardware typically used for remote system 
updates. While Deere has implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorised access to its

--- Page 17 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
products, malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorised 
access to such products through such connectivity hardware in order to gain control of the products, change 
the products' functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, or gain access to data stored in or 
generated by the products. Any unauthorised access to or control of the Deere Group's products or systems 
or any loss of data could result in legal claims against Deere or government investigations. In addition, 
reports of unauthorised access to the Deere Group's products, systems, and data, regardless of their veracity, 
may result in the perception that the products, systems, or data are capable of being hacked, which could 
harm the Deere Group's brand, prospects, and operating results. The Deere Group has been the subject of 
such reports in the past. 
The Deere Group's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could impact its 
ability to execute its strategy. 
The Deere Group's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and attract qualified 
candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as its ability to develop, 
engage, and retain qualified employees. Failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, 
whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new employees, 
or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair the Deere Group's 
ability to execute its business strategy, and could adversely affect its business. In addition, while the Deere 
Group strives to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, the Deere Group's operations or ability 
to execute its business strategy and meet its business objectives may be affected by the loss of employees, 
particularly when departures involve large numbers of employees, such as those the Deere Group could 
experience if a surge occurs in the number of employees voluntarily leaving their jobs similar to that 
experienced by other employers and industries since 2020. Higher rates of employee separations may 
adversely affect the Deere Group through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing 
employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees. 
Disputes with labour unions have adversely affected the Deere Group's ability to operate its facilities as 
well as its financial results. 
Many of the Deere Group's production and maintenance employees are represented by labour unions under 
various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. The failure of the Deere Group to 
successfully renegotiate labour agreements as they expire has from time to time led, and could in the future 
lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labour unions. Disruptions to the Deere Group's 
manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities, through various forms of labour disputes, could adversely 
affect it. On 14 October 2021, after employees represented by the International Union, United Automobile, 
Aerospace and Agriculture Implement Workers of America ("UAW") failed to approve a new collective 
bargaining agreement between Deere and the UAW, the UAW initiated a labour strike affecting more than 
10,000 workers at 14 Deere Group facilities across the United States, which adversely affected the Deere 
Group's operations in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The strike ended after a new collective bargaining 
agreement was approved on 17 November 2021 and in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 Deere incurred 
contract ratification costs of $90 million in respect of such agreement. The strike also contributed to 
inefficiencies in certain of Deere's factories and higher production costs in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
Any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labour union distracts management from operating the 
business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect the 
Deere Group's reputation, and could materially adversely affect Deere's business, results of operations, and 
financial condition. 
Market Risks. 
Changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of bio-energy could affect the price of farm 
commodities and consequently the demand for certain Deere Group equipment and could also result in 
higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements. 
Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world's growing food and bio-energy demands, 
driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world 
population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of 
agricultural equipment. Lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could 
negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. While higher commodity 
prices benefit the Deere Group's crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity 
prices could also result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result

--- Page 18 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. Furthermore, changing bio-energy demands 
may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in 
equipment demands. Finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilisation could affect 
commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for the Deere Group's diesel-fuelled equipment, and 
result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards. 
Greater political, economic, and social uncertainty and the evolving globalisation of businesses could 
significantly change the dynamics of the Deere Group's competition, customer base, and product offerings 
and impact Deere's growth opportunities globally. 
The Deere Group's efforts to grow its businesses depend in part upon access to additional geographic 
markets including but not limited to Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Russia, and South Africa, and its 
success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. In some cases, these countries 
have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labour disruptions, 
and differing local customer product preferences and requirements than the Deere Group's other markets. 
Negative market conditions resulting from economic and political uncertainties in these and other countries 
could reduce customer confidence, resulting in declines in demand and increases in delinquencies and 
default rates, which could affect write-offs and provisions for credit losses. Operating and seeking to expand 
business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the Deere Group to multiple and potentially 
conflicting cultural practices, business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to 
change and are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, 
investments, property ownership rights, taxation, sanctions and export control requirements, repatriation of 
earnings, and advanced technologies. Expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to 
currency fluctuations, which can materially affect Deere's financial results. While the Deere Group 
maintains a positive corporate image and its brands are widely recognised and valued in its traditional 
markets, the brands are less well known in some emerging markets, which could impede the Deere Group's 
efforts to successfully compete in these markets. Although the Deere Group is taking measures to adapt to 
these changing circumstances, the Deere Group's reputation and/or business results could be negatively 
affected should these efforts prove unsuccessful. 
Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the Deere Group's equipment 
and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. 
The demand for the Deere Group's products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic 
environment characterised by high unemployment, cautious consumer spending, lower corporate earnings, 
U.S. budget issues, and lower business investment. Negative or uncertain economic conditions that cause 
the Deere Group's customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce 
their likelihood of purchasing the Deere Group's equipment. As discussed under "Risks Related to the 
COVID Pandemic–The COVID pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect 
The Deere Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows", the COVID 
pandemic caused a global recession and significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. 
Sustained negative economic conditions and outlook affect housing starts and other construction, which 
dampens demand for certain construction equipment. The Deere Group's turf operations and its construction 
and forestry business are dependent on construction activity and general economic conditions. Decreases 
in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on the Deere Group's results 
of operations. If negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar 
effect on the Deere Group's agricultural equipment sales. In addition, uncertain or negative outlook with 
respect to pervasive U.S. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook can cause 
significant changes in market liquidity conditions. Such changes could impact access to funding and 
associated funding costs, which could reduce Deere's earnings and cash flows. Additionally, Deere's 
investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, 
which would negatively affect earnings. 
In addition, demand for the Deere Group's products and services can be significantly reduced by concerns 
regarding the diverse economic and political circumstances of the individual countries in the eurozone, the 
debt burden of certain eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, the risk that 
one or more European Union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European Union, 
or the long term stability of the euro as a single common currency. Persistent disparity with respect to the 
widely varying economic conditions within the individual countries in the eurozone, and its implications 
for the euro as well as market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the 
value of Deere's euro-denominated assets and obligations, have an adverse effect on demand for Deere

--- Page 19 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Group products and services in the eurozone, and have an adverse effect on financial markets in Europe 
and globally. More specifically, it could affect the ability of the Deere Group's customers, suppliers, and 
lenders to finance their respective businesses, and access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, as 
well as the availability of supplies and materials and the demand for the Deere Group's products. 
Because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of Deere Group sales 
worldwide, economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact the Deere Group's 
operations and financial results. 
Negative economic conditions can have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial 
services segment operates. The financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of 
Deere Group sales worldwide. The financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and 
others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations 
and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. The financial services segment's 
inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support its financing activities could have a material 
adverse effect on the Deere Group's business. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing 
profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and 
to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. Additionally, 
negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit 
applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial 
services segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. The financial services segment may also 
experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment 
and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
International, national and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies (particularly those related to or 
restricting global trade) and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair the Deere 
Group's profitability and growth prospects. 
International, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or 
restricting the import and export of Deere Group products, services, and technology, or those of Deere 
Group's customers, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions or for the benefit of favoured 
industries or sectors, could harm the Deere Group's global business. The Deere Group's profitability and 
growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. Restricted access to global markets impairs 
the Deere Group's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the 
world and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive 
prices on a timely basis. Trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade 
agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade barriers, local content requirements, and 
imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including 
developments in US – China trade relations, could limit the Deere Group's ability to capitalise on current 
and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair the Deere Group's ability to expand the 
business by offering new technologies, products, and services. These trade restrictions, and changes in – or 
uncertainty surrounding – global trade policies, may affect the Deere Group's competitive position. 
Furthermore, market access and the ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to the 
Deere Group's agricultural and forestry customers. Policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices 
or those limiting the export or import of commodities could have a material adverse effect on the 
international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect 
on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. The Deere Group's 
agricultural equipment sales could be especially harmed by such policies because farm income strongly 
influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. Furthermore, trade restrictions could impede 
those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact 
the Deere Group's future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and 
infrastructure. Additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including direct payment 
and other subsidies, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal 
competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies.  
Embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the US and other governments restricting or 
prohibiting transactions with certain persons, or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries 
or involving certain products, limit the sales of Deere products. Embargoes and sanctions laws are changing 
rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China, Russia, Myanmar (Burma), and Belarus,

--- Page 20 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
and specifically in connection with the military confrontation between Russia and Ukraine. In particular, 
changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions 
involving China and Chinese parties, could affect the Deere Group's ability to collect receivables, provide 
aftermarket and warranty support for Deere equipment, and sell products, and otherwise impact the Deere 
Group's reputation and business. Although the Deere Group has a compliance program in place designed 
to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of import and export laws and sanctions, violations of these 
laws or sanctions could harm the Deere Group's reputation and business, and may subject the Deere Group 
to civil and criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Deere Group's 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in government banking, monetary, and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on the Deere 
Group. 
Policies of the United States and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies 
intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilise financial markets and/or address local deficit or 
structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on the Deere Group's 
customers and markets. Failure of the U.S. federal government to pass a 2022 budget resolution could lead 
to a U.S. default under its sovereign debt, the consequences of which could have significant and 
unpredictable effects on global financial markets, which could in turn negatively affect John Deere's 
operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. The Deere Group's operations and results could also 
be affected by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services 
segment and on the Deere Group's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or 
to finance purchases of Deere Group products. Government policies on spending can also affect the Deere 
Group, especially the construction and forestry segment, due to the impact of government spending on 
infrastructure development. The Deere Group's operations, including those outside of the United States, 
may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. 
financial institutions and markets. 
Changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect 
on the Deere Group. 
The Deere Group is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Deere's 
domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different 
jurisdictions. Tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The Deere Group's 
effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory 
tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their 
interpretation. If Deere's effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of Deere's 
taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Deere Group's operating results, 
cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
The Deere Group's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the 
violation of which could expose the Deere Group to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse 
effects. 
The Deere Group's global operations are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws 
and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. 
These laws and regulations cover a broad spectrum of subject areas, including: advertising; anti–money 
laundering; antitrust; consumer finance; environmental, health, and safety, including proper handling of 
electronic waste, recycling, and climate change; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation 
restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; import/export and trade; human rights, labour, and 
employment; product liability; and telematics, data privacy and connectivity. These laws may vary 
substantially within the different markets in which the Deere Group operates. Compliance with these laws 
and regulations is costly and may further increase the cost of conducting the Deere Group's global 
operations. In addition, the Deere Group must comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and all 
applicable foreign anti-corruption laws, including the UK Bribery Act 2010, which generally prohibit 
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to 
improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining 
a business advantage, regardless of whether those practices are legal or culturally expected in a particular 
jurisdiction. Although the Deere Group has a compliance programme in place designed to reduce the 
likelihood of potential violations of such laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that Deere 
employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Deere Group's policies

--- Page 21 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
and procedures. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have 
a materially adverse effect on the Deere Group's reputation, business, results of operations, and financial 
condition. 
Changes to existing laws and regulations or changes to how they are interpreted or the implementation of 
new, more stringent laws or regulations could adversely affect the Deere Group's business by increasing 
compliance costs, limiting the Deere Group's ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to 
Deere's business practices, or otherwise making the Deere Group's products and services less attractive to 
customers. For example, so-called "right to repair" legislation proposals in certain states and at the federal 
level in the United States could require the Deere Group to provide access to the software code embedded 
in its products, which, among other harmful consequences, could result in product safety issues, 
compromise engine emissions and performance controls, adversely affect the protection of the Deere 
Group's intellectual property rights, and discourage innovation and investments in research and 
development. Legislative and regulatory changes and other actions that could potentially affect the Deere 
Group's business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the Deere Group may not be able 
to effectively mitigate all adverse effects from such measures. 
Increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations of federal, state, and local 
authorities in the U.S. and various regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions apply to the Deere Group's 
operations, suppliers, and customers, and enforcement actions or civil litigation related to those 
requirements could adversely affect the Deere Group's business results. 
Enforcement actions arising from violations of environmental, health, and safety laws or regulations can 
lead to investigations and legal costs and result in significant fines or penalties. In addition, new or more 
stringent requirements of governmental authorities, including with respect to disclosure related to climate 
change risks, could prevent or restrict the Deere Group's operations, or those of Deere Group's suppliers 
and customers, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance, and/or give rise to civil or criminal 
liability. Further, civil litigation on these subjects continues to increase, primarily in the U.S. There can be 
no assurance that violations of such laws and/or regulations, civil claims for damages to property or personal 
injury arising from the environmental, health, or safety impacts of the Deere Group's operations or those of 
Deere Group's suppliers and customers, or other civil claims in which the Deere Group becomes a party, 
would not have consequences that result in a material adverse effect on the Deere Group's business, results 
of operations, or financial condition. 
Increasingly stringent engine emission regulations or bans on internal combustion engines could impact 
the Deere Group's ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could 
negatively affect business results. 
The Deere Group's equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction 
regulations throughout the world, including the European Union's Stage V standard. In addition, 
governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce 
off-road engine emissions. These laws and regulations are applicable to engines manufactured by the Deere 
Group, including those used in Deere Group agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. The 
Deere Group has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the 
implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. While the Deere Group has developed and is 
executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to many variables that 
could delay or otherwise affect the Deere Group's ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment 
or engines, which could negatively impact business results. Additionally, in certain locations governments 
have banned, or may in the future ban, internal combustion engines for some types of products completely. 
To the extent these bans affect products manufactured and sold by the Deere Group, its business, results of 
operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
Government actions designed to address climate change and the emergence of new technologies and 
business models in connection with the transition to a lower-carbon economy could adversely affect the 
Deere Group and its customers. The physical effects attributed to climate change could further impact the 
Deere Group's facilities, suppliers, and customers. 
There is global scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases ("GHG") continue to alter the 
composition of Earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the 
global climate. These considerations may lead to international, national, regional, or local legislative or 
regulatory responses. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders, and non-

--- Page 22 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
governmental organisations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including the Deere Group, 
are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions. The regulation of GHG emissions from certain 
stationary or mobile sources or the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms could result in additional costs 
to the Deere Group in the form of taxes or emission allowances, facilities improvements, and energy costs, 
which would increase the Deere Group's operating costs through higher utility, transportation, and materials 
costs. Increased input costs, such as fuel and fertiliser, and compliance-related costs could also affect 
customer operations and demand for Deere Group equipment. Because the impact of any future climate 
change-related legislative, regulatory, or product standard requirements on the Deere Group's global 
businesses and products is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, the Deere Group 
is unable to predict their potential impact at this time. 
Customer preferences in the markets served by the Deere Group could change as these markets transition 
to less carbon-intensive business models. Demand for electric agricultural, turf, and construction equipment 
could rise. The development of alternative farming techniques, carbon sequestration technologies, and new 
low-carbon biofuels could change farmers' business models and equipment needs. If the Deere Group fails 
to properly develop or invest in new technologies to meet changing customer demands, it will be at risk of 
losing potential sources of revenue, which could affect the Deere Group's future financial results. 
The potential physical impacts of climate change on the Deere Group's facilities, suppliers, and customers, 
and therefore on the Deere Group's operations, are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the 
circumstances developing in various geographic regions. These may include extreme weather events and 
long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability. These potential physical effects may 
adversely affect the demand for the Deere Group's products and the cost, production, sales, and financial 
performance of the Deere Group's operations. 
The Deere Group is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to 
privacy and data protection and any inability or perceived inability of Deere to address these requirements 
could adversely affect its business. 
The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly 
evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The Deere Group collects personal 
information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a 
variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other 
governmental bodies. Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, 
China, Canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where the Deere Group conducts business, have laws and 
regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their 
residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. The European Union General Data Protection 
Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the China Personal Information Protection Law, 
among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for 
non-compliance. New privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. Any 
inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if 
unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual 
obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional 
cost and liability to the Deere Group or company officials, damage the Deere Group's reputation, inhibit 
sales, and otherwise adversely affect its business. 
Other risks.  
The Deere Group may not realise all of the anticipated benefits of its business strategies, including 
acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realise than expected. 
From time to time, Deere makes strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participates in joint ventures. 
Acquisitions and joint ventures that Deere has entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve 
significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance its business 
strategy or fail to produce satisfactory returns on Deere's investment. Deere may encounter difficulties in 
integrating acquisitions with its operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, 
managing strategic investments, and assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of Deere's 
business. Integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. 
Furthermore, the Deere Group may not realise all the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or joint 
ventures, or the realised benefits may be significantly delayed. While Deere's evaluation of any potential 
transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating

--- Page 23 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
the material risks involved, these due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to 
accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including 
potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's or joint venture partner's 
previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's or joint venture 
partner's products or services. Deere may decide to divest acquired businesses if it determines any such 
divestiture is in the best interests of its shareholders, and its joint ventures may be terminated at or before 
their stated terms. Divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant 
challenges and risks, including failure to advance Deere's business strategy, costs or disruptions to Deere, 
and negative effects on Deere's product offerings, which may adversely affect Deere's business, results of 
operations, and financial condition. Divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may result 
in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business through indemnifications or other 
financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect Deere's future financial results. 
In addition, Deere may not realise all anticipated benefits of its recent reorganisation and the 
implementation of its operating model within the anticipated timeframe or at all. Factors that could affect 
these benefits include the adoption of new job types within Deere, changing job responsibilities of 
employees, the number of layers of management, the ability of employees to embrace change, anxiety 
within the workforce, and temporary inefficiencies. Further, the ability of Deere to execute its business 
strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could affect Deere's 
results of operations and financial condition. 
If the Deere Group is unable to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to its customers, it 
could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
The Deere Group's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, 
connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. To create and 
maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, Deere needs to successfully 
develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for 
customers through the production systems. The Deere Group may make significant investments in research 
and development, acquisitions or other business ventures, data security for precision technology solutions, 
and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for 
customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. In addition, Deere may depend on third parties to supply 
components, software, and services in the support of precision technology solutions. The dealer channel's 
ability to support and service precision technology solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption 
rates of these products. Further, if the Deere Group is not able to deliver precision technology solutions 
with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could 
have a material adverse effect on Deere's reputation and business. 
The reallocation of radio frequency ("RF") bands could disrupt or degrade the reliability of the Deere 
Group's high precision augmented Global Positioning System ("GPS") or other RF technology, which 
could impair the Deere Group's ability to develop and market GPS- and RF-based technology solutions as 
well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability. 
The Deere Group's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management 
systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the 
use of RF signals. These signals include, but are not limited to, GPS signals, other GPS-like satellite signals, 
augmented GPS services, and other RF technologies that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and 
technicians. These radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national 
government agencies. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency 
bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of 
frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of the Deere Group's GPS-
based products, which could negatively affect the Deere Group's ability to develop and market GPS-based 
technology solutions. For the Deere Group's agricultural customers, the inability to use high-precision 
augmented GPS signals or other RF signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment 
maintenance, seed, fertiliser, fuel, and wage costs. For construction customers, disrupting GPS or RF 
applications could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction 
design and project management efficiencies. These cost increases could significantly reduce customers' 
profitability and demand for Deere Group products.

--- Page 24 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
Risk Relating to the Notes 
Risks relating to Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg. 
Legislative action and regulatory measures taken in relation to credit institutions may materially impact 
Deere Luxembourg and the financial and economic environment in which it operates. Legislation and 
regulations have been enacted or proposed with a view to introduce a number of changes in the global 
financial environment. While the objective of these measures is to avoid a recurrence of the financial crisis, 
the impact of the measures has substantially changed the environment in which Deere Luxembourg and 
other credit institutions operate. 
Luxembourg credit institutions (such as Deere Luxembourg) are subject to, inter alia, the Capital 
Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended, the "CRR"), which is directly applicable in 
Luxembourg and the Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (as amended, the "CRD", and together 
with the CRR, the "CR IV Framework"), which has been transposed in Luxembourg by the law of 23 July 
2015 transposing, amongst other things, the CRD, the law of 20 May 2021 which among others transposes 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 and Directive (EU) 2019/879 (the "CRD Law"). The CRR, CRD and the CRD 
Law together set, among others, specific capital and liquidity requirements for credit institutions, as well 
as specific supervisory rules. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of the CR 
IV Framework to finalise the implementation of Basel III. The proposal is now subject to discussion 
between the Council and the European Parliament before the amended regulations are finalised and 
implemented. 
Luxembourg credit institutions are also subject to the provisions of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) (the "BRRD"), which provides an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, their subsidiaries and certain holding 
companies, as transposed in Luxembourg by the law of 18 December 2015 on the resolution, reorganisation 
and winding-up measures of credit institutions and certain investment firms and on deposit guarantee and 
investor compensation schemes, as amended (the "BRRD Law").  
The BRRD Law gives the Luxembourg resolution authority and the Luxembourg financial sector 
supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), certain powers 
to implement early intervention and resolution measures under the BRRD Law. In particular, the CSSF is 
vested with certain powers to temporarily suspend or restrict rights and obligations, including in respect of 
the Notes, and most notably the power to suspend payment or delivery obligations (applicable both to an 
institution under resolution and, subject to certain conditions being met, in a pre-resolution scenario), the 
power to temporarily restrict the enforcement of security interest in relation to any assets of an institution 
under resolution and the power to temporarily suspend any termination right of any party to a contract with 
an institution under resolution. 
The BRRD Law contains resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
an institution (such as Deere Luxembourg) is considered as failing or likely to fail, including the bail-in 
tool, which comprises a general power of the CSSF to write-down the claims of unsecured creditors (which 
may include holders of Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg) of a failing credit institution, to convert such 
debt claims to equity (which, in turn, could also be subject to a future write-down) or to vary the terms of 
a debt instrument. Holders of Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg should assume that, in a resolution 
situation, financial public support will only be available as a last resort after the relevant Luxembourg 
resolution authorities have assessed and used, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, 
including the bail-in tool. Any such extraordinary financial public support must be provided in accordance 
with the EU state aid framework. 
Where the relevant statutory conditions for use of the bail-in tool have been met with respect to Deere 
Luxembourg, the CSSF would be expected to exercise these powers without the consent of the holders of 
Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg. Notwithstanding any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between Deere Luxembourg and any Noteholder or Couponholder, by acquiring Notes 
issued by Deere Luxembourg, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be 
bound by, and consents to the exercise of, bail-in tool and the loss absorption powers by the Luxembourg 
resolution authorities as fully described in Condition 25 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers in respect of Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Any

--- Page 25 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
such exercise of the bail-in tools in respect of Deere Luxembourg and Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg 
may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, interest on, or any other 
amounts payable on, such Notes and/or the conversion of such Notes into shares or other securities or other 
obligations (which securities or other obligations may, in turn, be subject to subsequent write-down) of 
Deere Luxembourg or another person or entity, or any other modification or variation to the terms of such 
Notes. 
The BRRD Law specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of 
capital instruments under the CR IV Framework and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an 
ordinary insolvency. In addition, the bail-in tool contains an express safeguard (known as "no creditor worse 
off" principle) with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than 
they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings of the relevant entity. 
The exercise of the bail-in tool and other resolution powers (including, without limitation, stay powers in 
relation to financial contracts, the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool) 
in respect of Deere Luxembourg and the Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg or any suggestion of any such 
exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of such Notes, the price or value of their 
investment in such Notes and/or the ability of Deere Luxembourg to satisfy its obligations under such Notes 
and could lead to holders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. In addition, even 
in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the "no creditor worse off" safeguard 
described above in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is 
unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the holders for such 
Notes in the resolution and there can be no assurance that such holders would recover such compensation 
promptly. 
To support the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, the BRRD Law requires that all 
institutions subject to its scope must meet an individual minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL"), calculated as a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and set by the relevant 
resolution authorities. Although the European Commission has adopted Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1450 containing regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting MREL, the precise impact of the MREL requirements on individual firms in 
Luxembourg will remain a matter of some uncertainty until the CSSF has adopted the guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies on the calculation of MREL and imposed specific MREL requirements on 
institutions. Deere Luxembourg is subject to the CSSF's MREL requirements. In August 2021, Deere 
Luxembourg was informed by the CSSF of the MREL requirements imposed on Deere Luxembourg 
following the CSSF's adoption of MREL requirements under the BRRD. Deere Luxembourg's MREL 
requirements have been subject to a phased implementation and must be achieved by 1 January 2024. 
It is possible that Deere Luxembourg may have to issue MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet these 
new requirements within the required timeframe and/or that the MREL requirements may impose 
operational restrictions on Deere Luxembourg, increase Deere Luxembourg's expenses and/or otherwise 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of 
Deere Luxembourg and, in turn, adversely affect the value of the Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg. 
In the above context, ensuring and maintaining compliance with the capital requirements framework (both 
in place and envisaged in the future) and any requirements under the recovery and resolution framework 
(both in place and envisaged in the future) in the future may lead Deere Luxembourg to take various actions, 
such as further reducing its balance sheet or bolstering its capital base, and these actions could affect its 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit Ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes. 
The credit ratings of Notes issued under the Programme may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure and other factors on the value of the Notes. In addition, real or anticipated changes in 
the relevant Issuer's credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. A credit rating and/or 
a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 26 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
Interest rate risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls. 
The relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor, will pay principal and interest on the 
Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An Issuer may issue Notes which entitles it to redeem such Notes prior to their maturity date at its option 
and at a price which may be less than the current market price of those Notes. An optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when an Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Unless, in the case of any particular tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that an Issuer or a Guarantor would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the United States of America and/or Luxembourg or, in each case any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, such Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) and at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
specified therein. 
An Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
such Notes. In the case of any early redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors 
will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuers and/or 
the Guarantors. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Issuers and the Guarantors will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to (in the case of CGN or a Note that is not to be held under the NSS) the common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in the case of NGN or a Note that is to be held under the NSS)

--- Page 27 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper for distribution to their account holders. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuers and the Guarantors have no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes and holders may be adversely affected should such records be incorrect or such payments 
be made incorrectly. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies and such holder may be adversely 
affected should it not be possible for them to vote in respect of the Notes as a result. 
There may be no active trading market for the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market on issue, and such a market may never develop. If the Notes 
are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending 
upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor. Although application has been made 
for the Notes issued under the Programme defined to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, 
that any particular tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. In 
addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of 
investors. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for 
any particular tranche of Notes. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and was 
applied as of 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities (such as the relevant Issuers) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro 
area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed 
in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it 
will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark.

--- Page 28 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The elimination of the EURIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result 
in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be 
adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. In addition, the Conditions provide that the terms of the Notes may be varied, as necessary, to 
ensure the proper application of the successor rate or alternative reference rate, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of holders of the Notes. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued 
to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms and the discontinuation of benchmarks before 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Modification, waivers and substitution. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some holders 
of such Notes may not agree. 
Risks related to Renminbi-denominated Notes. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi Notes") may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi 
Notes contain particular risks for potential investors.

--- Page 29 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government 
will liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of 
the PRC. Despite Renminbi internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to 
internationalise the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim 
or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes 
denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the relevant Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
Renminbi Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of 
Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing Banks") in a number of financial 
centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank 
Payments System ("CIPS") to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is further in the process of 
establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size 
of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to

--- Page 30 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The 
PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. 
This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk. 
If the relevant Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and 
principal on the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as 
defined in the Conditions), the relevant Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such 
payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any 
such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes. 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely: (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by Global Notes held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing system, by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi 
Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi; or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, 
by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi 
Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations; or (iii) by 
transfer through CIPS in accordance with relevant rules and regulations. The relevant Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") 
or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the 
PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains 
derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation 
rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 
20 per cent. of the PRC sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual Holder from the transfer 
of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of 
double taxation, Noteholders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual 
Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay 
PRC income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax

--- Page 31 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
treaty between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of 
Renminbi Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in 
Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 32 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(1) in respect of Deere, the sections set out below from its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended 31 October 2021 (the "Deere 2021 10-K") filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange 
Act"): 
The annual audited consolidated financial statements of Deere for the 
years ended 31 October 2021 and 1 November 2020 
Pages 44-48 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 49-84 
Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
Pages 85-86 
Exhibits 10.1-10.34 
Pages 89-91 
Part I Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) 
Page 23 
 
Deere 2021 10-K: https://s22.q4cdn.com/253594569/files/doc_downloads/2022/1/de-
20211031x10k.pdf;   
(2) in respect of Deere Capital, the sections set out below from its Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended 31 October 2021 (the "Deere Capital 2021 10-K") filed with the SEC under 
the Exchange Act: 
The annual audited consolidated financial statements of Deere Capital for 
the years ended 31 October 2021 and 1 November 2020 
Pages 39-43 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 44-74 
Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
Pages 37-38 
Exhibits 10.1-10.12 
Pages 75-76 
Part I Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) 
Page 22 
 
Deere Capital 2021 10-K: https://d18rn0p25nwr6d.cloudfront.net/CIK-0000027673/d0320302-
d1d5-48fa-a37d-8014618db213.pdf;   
(3) in respect of Deere, the following sections set out below from its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
for the three-month period ended 30 January 2022 (the "Deere First Quarter Form 10-Q") filed 
with the SEC under the Exchange Act: 
The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Deere for the 
three-month period ended 30 January 2022 
Pages 2-6 
Notes to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements 
Pages 7-29 
 
Deere First Quarter Form 10-Q: https://investor.deere.com/files/doc_downloads/2022/02/DE-
1Q22-10-Q.pdf;  
(4) in respect of Deere Capital, the following sections set out below from its Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q for the three-month period ended 30 January 2022 (the "Deere Capital First Quarter Form 
10-Q") filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act: 
The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Deere Capital 
for the three-month period ended 30 January 2022 
Pages 2-6 
Notes to the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements 
Pages 7-23 
 
Deere 
Capital 
First 
Quarter 
Form 
10-Q: 
https://investor.deere.com/files/doc_downloads/2022/02/JDCC-1Q22-10-Q.pdf;

--- Page 33 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
(5) in respect of Deere Luxembourg, the following sections set out below from its Annual Finance 
Report in respect of its audited, consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 October 
2021 (the "Deere Luxembourg 2021 Financial Statements"): 
Financial statements 
Pages 13-72 
Report of Réviseur d'Entreprises Agréé 
Pages 9-12 
 
Deere Luxembourg 2021 Financial Statements: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202203/14a065e2-abac-4eca-8c50-77fb9900066e.pdf;  
(6) in respect of Deere Luxembourg, the following sections set out below from its Annual Finance 
Report in respect of its audited, consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 October 
2020 (the "Deere Luxembourg 2020 Financial Statements"): 
Financial statements 
Pages 13-73 
Report of Réviseur d'Entreprises Agréé 
Pages 9-12 
 
Deere Luxembourg 2020 Financial Statements: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-
eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/216089fa-ce07-4a9f-b1b7-47dbb0ea154b.pdf;  
(7) in respect of Deere Cash Management, the following sections set out below from its Annual 
Financial Statements in respect of its audited, unconsolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 October 2021 (the "Deere Cash Management 2021 Financial Statements"): 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 October 2021 
Pages 9-42 
Report of the réviseur d'entreprises agréé 
Pages 5-8 
 
Deere Cash Management 2021 Financial Statements: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202203/047d5887-b170-40cb-8a88-
2a4b55b59982.PDF;  
(8) in respect of Deere Cash Management, the following sections set out below from its Annual 
Financial Statements in respect of its audited, unconsolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 October 2020 (the "Deere Cash Management 2020 Financial Statements"): 
Financial statements for the year ended 31 October 2020 
Pages 10-41  
Report of the réviseur d'entreprises agréé 
Pages 5-9 
 
Deere Cash Management 2020 Financial Statements: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202103/208b9565-5eaf-4693-886f-74b0b83a4e2d.pdf; 
and 
(9) the terms and conditions set out on pages 26-58 of the base prospectus dated 4 February 2013 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2013 
Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on pages 24-56 of the base prospectus dated 3 
February 2014 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Condition of the Notes" 
(the "2014 Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on pages 24 to 57 of the base prospectus 
dated 3 February 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (the "2016 Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on pages 26-59 of the base 
prospectus dated 2 February 2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "2017 Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on pages 29-
62 of the base prospectus dated 8 March 2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on pages 
29 – 66 of the base prospectus dated 7 March 2019 relating to the Programme under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2019 Conditions"); the terms and conditions set out on 
pages 28 – 65 of the base prospectus dated 4 March 2020 relating to the Programme under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 Conditions"); and the terms and

--- Page 34 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
conditions set out on pages 31 – 68 of the base prospectus dated 31 March 2021 relating to the 
Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 Conditions"). 
2013 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_c452b131-5cbd-4926-a634-19eb15f15fd1.PDF  
2014 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_63923d6e-f8a5-41f3-b1f0-629ede6ed1ca.PDF  
2016 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a4613321-a983-403e-8c34-281973d64c9b.PDF   
2017 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_a3d96051-1396-47a7-a725-3eda8da13e27.PDF  
2018 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prospectus+08.03_20a36f8c-3dd8-4c36-adcc-
e7c2d0d6e3f6.PDF    
2019 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_6b9be002-3791-4f32-81dd-cc7da49dd8ac.PDF 
2020 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8f3ca15f-78bc-4679-a772-28bf008bac2a.PDF 
2021 
Conditions: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/70dfa5f9-3d40-4d17-a90b-65f97a0274a4.PDF    
Provided, however, that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any 
of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that 
such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information, agreements and/or documents expressed to be incorporated 
by reference in the information incorporated by reference from (1) to (9) above shall not be incorporated in 
or to form part of, this Base Prospectus. Any information, agreements and/or documents contained in or 
incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified in (1) to (9) above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant for an investor or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on a website mentioned herein does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantors and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus (or any earlier supplement) or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuers and the Guarantors will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding all information 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and the specified office of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 35 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuers or Guarantors shall be required to prepare a supplemental base prospectus pursuant 
to the requirements of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Central Bank, the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Guarantor will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus 
which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, shall constitute a supplemental base prospectus as required by 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and Euronext Dublin. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes to be issued under the Programme, and whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantors, and the 
rights attaching to any such Notes, the reasons for any issuance and impact thereof on any Issuers and/or 
Guarantors, the Issuers shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 36 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be offered in bearer or registered form. The Notes may be sold outside the U.S. 
in "offshore transactions" within the meaning of Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Notes in bearer form will not be issued under the Programme, unless and until there is a change in U.S. 
income tax law that permits the issuance of bearer debt without adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or 
the relevant Guarantor. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a temporary global note in bearer form (the 
"Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons or a permanent global note in bearer form (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
So long as the Bearer Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note (as 
defined below) and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest 
Specified Denomination) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note 
without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. 
In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to 
the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of 
any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance 
with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to 
the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 37 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange, in the case of Notes having a maturity of 183 days 
or less, or a reasonable period after the expiration of the 40 day period following the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes, in the case of Notes having a maturity of more than 183 days. In no 
circumstances shall delivery of a Permanent Global Note occur within the United States or its possessions. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as 
defined in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs and the Notes become due and payable; or 
(iii) 
upon request by a beneficial owner or other holder, on 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to, or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. In no circumstances shall delivery of a Definitive Note occur within 
the United States or its possessions. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Permanent Global Note shall 
only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange, in the case of Notes having a maturity of 183 days or less, or a 
reasonable period after the expiration of the 40 day period following the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes, in the case of Notes having a maturity of more than 183 days. In no circumstances shall delivery 
of a Definitive Note occur within the United States or its possessions. 
The "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes" option may not be used in relation to any 
issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher 
integral multiple of another smaller amount.

--- Page 38 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a Global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note" 
and also a "Global Note"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Registered 
Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(the "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case 
of a Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 14 (Events of 
Default) occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Global Registered Note shall 
only be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note.

--- Page 39 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Registered Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 40 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Deere & Company ("Deere"), John Deere Capital Corporation ("Deere Capital"), John Deere 
Bank S.A. ("Deere Luxembourg") and John Deere Cash Management ("Deere Cash 
Management") (each an "Issuer", and, collectively the "Issuers") have established a Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$6,000,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of notes outstanding at any time (the "Notes"). Notes issued by 
Deere Cash Management are guaranteed by Deere (a "Guarantor") and Notes issued by Deere 
Luxembourg are guaranteed by Deere Capital (a "Guarantor" and together with Deere, the 
"Guarantors"). 
In these Conditions, references to "Issuer" are to Deere, Deere Capital, Deere Luxembourg or 
Deere Cash Management, as the case may be, as the Issuer of the Notes under the Programme and 
references to the "relevant Issuer" shall be construed accordingly. In these Conditions, references 
to "Guarantor" are to Deere or Deere Capital as Guarantor, in the case of Deere, of Notes to be 
issued by Deere Cash Management and, in the case of Deere Capital, of Notes to be issued by 
Deere Luxembourg and references to the "relevant Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Issuer 
is Deere, Deere Capital, Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency agreement dated 31 
March 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuers, the Guarantors, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar") which expression includes any 
successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes, the paying agents 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", 
which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes). In these Conditions references to "Agents" are to the Paying Agents 
and the Transfer Agents and any reference to "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deeds of Guarantee 
Notes issued by Deere Cash Management are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 31 March 
2021 (the "Deere Deed of Guarantee") entered into by Deere. Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg 
are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 31 March 2021 (the "JDCC Deed of Guarantee" 
together with the Deere Deed of Guarantee, the "Deeds of Guarantee" and each a "Deed of 
Guarantee") entered into by Deere Capital.

--- Page 41 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
(e) 
Deed of Covenant 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form ("Registered 
Notes"). The Notes have the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 31 March 2021 ("the Deed of 
Covenant"). The Registered Notes are constituted by the Deed of Covenant entered into by the 
relevant Issuer. 
(f) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of 
the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of 
Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and 
the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Deeds of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection 
by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the 
initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org);  
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Attributable Debt" shall mean, as of any particular time, the present value, discounted at a rate 
per annum equal to the weighted average interest rate of all Notes denominated in euro outstanding 
at the time under the Programme, compounded semi-annually, of the obligation of a lessee for 
rental payments during the remaining term of any lease (including any period for which such lease 
has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended); the net amount of rent required 
to be paid for any such period shall be the total amount of the rent payable by the lessee with 
respect to such period, but may exclude amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance 
and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges; and, in the case of any 
lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall also 
include the amount of such penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under 
such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated; 
"BBSW" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Bank Bill Swap reference rate which is calculated and published by a

--- Page 42 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of the Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic BBSW rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong 
Kong and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 43 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Central Bank" means the Central Bank of Ireland, competent authority for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
"CNY" means Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC; 
"CNY Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"Consolidated Net Worth" shall mean the aggregate of capital and surplus of Deere and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries, less minority interests in Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means (subject as provided in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)), 
in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period) (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360;

--- Page 44 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
X
Y
Y
X
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
X
Y
Y
X
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30;

--- Page 45 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
X
Y
Y
X
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Excluded Sale and Lease-back Transaction" means (A) a Sale and Lease-back Transaction 
which, if the Attributable Debt in respect of such Sale and Lease-back Transaction had been a 
Security Interest, would have been permitted by paragraph (i) of the definition of Permitted 
Security Interest and (B) other Sale and Lease-back Transactions where the net proceeds of such 
sale are at least equal to the fair value (as determined by the Board of Directors of Deere) of the 
property and (i) Deere, within 120 days of the effective date of any such arrangement, applies an 
amount equal to the fair value (as so determined) of such property to any Notes redeemed prior to 
their Maturity Date or the purchase and retirement of Notes or to the payment or other retirement 
of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by Deere which ranks senior to or pari 
passu with the Notes or of funded debt for money borrowed, incurred or assumed by any Material 
Subsidiary (other than, in either case, funded debt owned by Deere or any Material Subsidiary), or 
(ii) Deere shall, at or prior to the time of entering into the Sale and Lease-back Transaction, enter 
into a bona fide commitment or commitments to expend for the acquisition or improvement of any 
Important Property an amount at least equal to the fair value (as so determined) of such property. 
For this purpose, funded debt means any Debt (as defined in Condition 5(a)) which by its terms 
matures at or is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor without requiring the 
consent of the obligee to a date more than twelve months after the date of the creation of such Debt; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded;

--- Page 46 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"FATCA" means (a) sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code") or any associated regulations or other official guidance; (b) any treaty, law, regulation 
or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction that seeks to implement a similar 
financial account information reporting or withholding tax regime; (c) any intergovernmental 
agreement, treaty, regulation, guidance, standard or other agreement between or among 
Governmental Authorities entered into in order to comply with, facilitate, supplement or 
implement any matter described in clause (a) through (b) above; and (d) any agreement pursuant 
to the implementation of any matter described in clause (a) or (c) above with the US Internal 
Revenue Service, the US government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other 
jurisdiction; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness; 
"Guarantee of the Notes" means either the guarantee of the Notes given by Deere in the Deere 
Deed of Guarantee or the guarantee of the Notes given by Deere Capital in the JDCC Deed of 
Guarantee; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes has 
the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Registered 
Notes); 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC; 
"Illiquidity" means where the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid 
and, as a result of which, the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its 
obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes as determined 
by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation (if 
practicable) with two other CNY Dealers; 
"Important Property" means (a) any manufacturing plant, including land, all buildings and other 
improvements thereon, and all manufacturing machinery and equipment located therein, used by 
the Issuer or Deere or a Material Subsidiary primarily for the manufacture of products to be sold 
by the Issuer or Deere or such Material Subsidiary, (b) the executive office and administrative 
building of Deere in Moline, Illinois, and (c) research and development facilities, including land 
and buildings and other improvements thereon and research and development machinery and 
equipment located therein, in each case, used by the Issuer or Deere or a Material Subsidiary; 
except in any case property of which the aggregate fair value as determined by the Board of 
Directors of Deere does not at the time exceed 1 per cent. of Consolidated Net Worth of Deere, as 
shown on the audited consolidated balance sheet contained in the latest annual report to 
stockholders of Deere; 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with

--- Page 47 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated 
as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor);  
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Luxembourg" means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" shall mean any Subsidiary of Deere which is engaged in, or whose 
principal assets consist of property used by Deere or any Material Subsidiary in, the manufacture 
of products within the United States of America or Canada, or in the sale of products principally 
to customers located in the United States of America or Canada, except any corporation which is 
a retail dealer in which Deere has, directly or indirectly, an investment under an arrangement 
providing for the liquidation of such investment;

--- Page 48 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to 
an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of 
the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation outside the United 
States and its possessions are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt 
securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation outside the United 
States and its possessions are open for presentation and payment of bearer debt 
securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies (including, in the case of Renminbi Notes, settlement of 
Renminbi payments) may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Lien" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest created on or over any fixed assets or other physical properties 
hereafter acquired to secure all or part of the purchase price thereof or the acquiring 
hereafter of such assets or properties subject to any existing lien or charge securing 
indebtedness (whether or not assumed);

--- Page 49 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(ii) 
easements, liens, franchises or other minor encumbrances on or over any real property 
which do not materially detract from the value of such property or its use in the business 
of the Issuer, Deere Capital (as Guarantor) or a Subsidiary of Deere Capital; 
(iii) 
any deposit or pledge of assets (i) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in 
escrow, as collateral in connection with, or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any 
judgment or decree against the Issuer, Deere Capital (as Guarantor) or a Subsidiary, or in 
connection with other proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Issuer, 
Deere Capital (as Guarantor) or a Subsidiary, or (ii) as security for the performance of any 
contract or undertaking not directly or indirectly related to the borrowing of money or the 
security of indebtedness, if made in the ordinary course of business, or (iii) with any 
governmental agency, which deposit or pledge is required or permitted to qualify the 
Issuer, Deere Capital (as Guarantor) or a Subsidiary to conduct business, to maintain self-
insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to workmen's compensation, 
unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or similar matters, or (iv) 
made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of mechanics', workmen's, 
repairmen's, warehousemen's or similar liens, or the release of property in the possession 
of a common carrier; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest by a Subsidiary as security for indebtedness owed to the Issuer or 
Deere Capital (as Guarantor) or to another Subsidiary; 
(v) 
liens for taxes and governmental charges not yet due or contested by appropriate 
proceeding in good faith; 
(vi) 
any Security Interest existing on property acquired by the Issuer or Deere Capital (as 
Guarantor) or a Subsidiary of Deere Capital through the exercise of rights arising out of 
defaults on receivables acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
(vii) 
judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith 
and execution thereon is stayed; 
(viii) 
any pledge or lien (other than directly or indirectly to secure borrowed money) if, after 
giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal sums secured by pledges or liens otherwise 
within the above restrictions do not exceed U.S.$500,000; 
(ix) 
any Security Interest securing Securitisation Indebtedness; or 
(x) 
any Security Interest in cash provided to any counterparty of Deere Capital or any of Deere 
Capital's Subsidiaries in connection with any derivative transaction; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property acquired, constructed or improved 
by the Issuer, Deere or any Material Subsidiary which is created or assumed 
contemporaneously with, or within 120 days after, such acquisition, construction or 
improvement to secure or provide for the payment of all or any part of the purchase price 
of such property or the cost of such construction or improvement incurred or (in addition 
to Security Interests contemplated by clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) below) Security Interests 
on any property existing at the time of acquisition thereof provided that such Security 
Interest shall not apply to any Important Property theretofore owned by the Issuer, Deere 
or any Material Subsidiary other than, in the case of any such construction or improvement, 
any theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed, or the 
improvement, is located; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property, shares of stock, or indebtedness 
existing at the time of acquisition thereof from a corporation which is consolidated or 
amalgamated with or merged into, or substantially all of the assets of which are acquired 
by, the Issuer, Deere or a Material Subsidiary; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property of a corporation which Security 
Interest was existing at the time such corporation becomes a Material Subsidiary;

--- Page 50 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property to secure Debt (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)) of a Material Subsidiary to the Issuer, Deere or to another Material 
Subsidiary; 
(v) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property in favour of the United States of 
America or any State thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or political 
subdivision of the United States of America or any State thereof, to secure partial, progress, 
advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any 
indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or 
the cost of constructing or improving the property subject to such Security Interest and 
Security Interests given to secure indebtedness incurred in connection with the financing 
of construction of pollution control facilities, the interest on which indebtedness is exempt 
from income taxes under the Internal Revenue Code; 
(vi) 
any deposit or pledge of assets (1) with any surety company or clerk of any court, or in 
escrow, as collateral in connection with, or in lieu of, any bond on appeal from any 
judgment or decree against the Issuer, Deere or a Subsidiary, or in connection with other 
proceedings or actions at law or in equity by or against the Issuer, Deere or a Material 
Subsidiary, or (2) as security for the performance of any contract or undertaking not 
directly related to the borrowing of money or the securing of indebtedness, if made in the 
ordinary course of business, or (3) with any governmental agency, which deposit or pledge 
is required or permitted to qualify the Issuer, Deere or a Material Subsidiary to conduct 
business, to maintain self-insurance, or to obtain the benefits of any law pertaining to 
worker's compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pensions, social security, or 
similar matters, or (4) made in the ordinary course of business to obtain the release of 
mechanics', workmen's, repairmen's, warehousemen's or similar liens, or the release of 
property in the possession of a common carrier; 
(vii) 
any Security Interest created on or over any property acquired by the Issuer, Deere or a 
Material Subsidiary through the exercise of rights arising out of defaults on receivables 
acquired in the ordinary course of business; 
(viii) 
judgment liens, so long as the finality of such judgment is being contested in good faith 
and execution thereon is stayed; 
(ix) 
any Security Interest created on and over any property for the sole purpose of extending, 
renewing or replacing in whole or part, Debt secured by any Security Interest referred to 
in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above, inclusive or in this paragraph, provided, however, that 
the principal amount of Debt secured in such extension, renewal or replacement does not 
exceed the principal amount of Debt secured at the time of such extension, renewal or 
replacement and that such extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or a 
part of the property subject to such Security Interest so extended, renewed or replaced 
(plus improvements on such property); 
(x) 
liens for taxes or assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or delinquent, 
or which can thereafter be paid without penalty, or which are being contested in good faith 
by appropriate proceedings; landlord's liens on property held under lease; and any other 
liens of a nature similar to those hereinabove described in this paragraph (x) which do not, 
in the opinion of the Issuer and Deere, materially impair the use of such property in the 
operation of the business of the Issuer, Deere or a Material Subsidiary or the value of such 
property for the purposes of such business; 
(xi) 
any transaction characterised as a sale of receivables (retail or otherwise) but reflected as 
secured indebtedness on a balance sheet in conformity with generally accepted accounting 
principles then in effect; 
(xii) 
any Security Interest created on or over any Margin Stock (as defined in Regulation U of 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America) 
owned by the Issuer, Deere and its Material Subsidiaries to the extent such Margin Stock 
so secured exceeds 25 per cent. of the fair market value of the sum of the Important 
Property of the Issuer, Deere and the Material Subsidiaries plus the shares of stock

--- Page 51 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(including Margin Stock) and indebtedness issued or incurred by the Material Subsidiaries; 
or 
(xiii) 
any Security Interest created on or over any Important Property of, or any shares of stock 
or indebtedness issued or incurred by, any Material Subsidiary organised under the laws 
of Canada; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Conditions, shall 
exclude Hong Kong, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
and Taiwan; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Renminbi, it means Hong Kong or the principal financial centre as is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) 
in Hong Kong and in New York City; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date for any payment of the relevant amount under these Conditions; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
EURIBOR;

--- Page 52 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
(ii) 
SHIBOR; and 
(iii) 
BBSW; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from an Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of such irregular 
Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms provided, 
however, that in no event shall any location within the United States or its possessions be a 
Relevant Financial Centre for the purposes of any payments in respect of any Note; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the United States where the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable, 
is Deere or Deere Capital, or Luxembourg where the Issuer is Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash 
Management; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi" or "CNY" means the official currency of the PRC; 
"Renminbi Notes" means Notes issued in Renminbi; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date 
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Notes 
or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Sale and Lease-back Transactions" means any arrangement with any Person providing for the 
leasing to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary of any Important Property owned 
or hereafter acquired by the Issuer, the Guarantor or such Material Subsidiary (except for 
temporary leases for a term, including any renewal thereof, of not more than three years and except 
for leases between the Issuer, the Guarantor and Material Subsidiary or between Material

--- Page 53 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
Subsidiaries), which Important Property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or such Material Subsidiary to such Person; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Securitisation Indebtedness" shall mean the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed 
money, owner trust certificates (however classified) or credit enhancements incurred in connection 
with transactions involving (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of receivables or leases (retail 
or wholesale) by Deere Capital or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) the issuance of commercial paper, 
medium term notes or any other form of financing by any structured bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary 
of Deere Capital or any related conduit lender (such transactions, "Securitisations"), provided, 
that the aggregate outstanding credit enhancements in the form of cash or letter(s) of credit 
provided by Deere Capital or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any structured bankruptcy-remote 
Subsidiary) in excess of 10 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding indebtedness for borrowed 
money and owner trust certificates (however classified) incurred in connection with such 
Securitisations shall not be deemed for the purposes of the Programme to be Securitisation 
Indebtedness; 
"SHIBOR" means, in respect of a Renminbi-denominated issuance and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the National Interbank Funding (or any other person which takes 
over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank Renminbi-denominated 
borrowing rates on various maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic SHIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms provided that 
Notes will be issued in denominations of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in any other 
specified currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Spot Rate", for a Rate Calculation Date, means the spot U.S. dollar/Renminbi exchange rate for 
the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in 
Hong Kong for settlement in two business days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters 
Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference 
to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the most recently available 
Renminbi/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement in two business days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on 
the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate, and if a spot 
rate is not readily available, the Calculation Agent may consult with two CNY Dealers to determine 
the applicable rate, taking into consideration all available information which the CNY Dealers 
deem relevant, including price information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange 
market in Hong Kong or elsewhere and the U.S. dollar/CNY exchange rate in the PRC's domestic 
foreign exchange market; 
"Subsidiary" means any corporation a majority of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the Issuer or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Issuer. For the 
purposes of this definition, "voting stock" means stock having voting power for the election of 
directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power by 
reason of any contingency;

--- Page 54 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot 
Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes or are Registered Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement or either of the Deere 
Deed of Guarantee or the JDCC Deed of Guarantee shall be construed as a reference to 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement or the Deere Deed of Guarantee or the 
JDCC Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notes in bearer form will not be issued under the Programme, unless and until there 
is a change in U.S. income tax law that permits the issuance of bearer debt without adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. Bearer Notes are in the Specified 
Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the 
time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, 
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of 
Bearer Notes, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and 
"Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 55 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a 
smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register (the "Register") in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be 
issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. With respect to Notes 
issued by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management, each time the relevant Register is 
amended or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the relevant Register to the relevant Issuer 
who will keep an updated copy of the Register at its registered office (the "Duplicate Register"). 
In the event of inconsistency between the Register and the Duplicate Register, the Duplicate 
Register shall, for purposes of Luxembourg law, prevail. Each Note Certificate will be numbered 
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Notes, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register or the Duplicate Register if different from the Register (with respect to 
Registered Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management) (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of 
Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) 
or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the 
principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be 
issued to the transferor. With respect to Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash 
Management, the transfer will not be deemed to be effective until its registration in the relevant 
Duplicate Register in accordance with paragraph (g) below. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a 
Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the 
Registrar will register the transfer in question and procure each Duplicate Register held 
respectively by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management to be updated and deliver a new 
Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant 
Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent 
or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if 
overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, 
"business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries 
on the Register and the Duplicate Registers respectively held by Deere Luxembourg and Deere 
Cash Management are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered 
Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of 
charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
unsubordinated or not specified as being subordinated ("Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes 
constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which will at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
(b) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes which are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being subordinated ("Subordinated Notes") and are issued by Deere or Deere Capital. 
Subordinated Notes issued by Deere or Deere Capital constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Deere or Deere Capital, as the case may be, which will at all times rank pari passu 
without prejudice among themselves and at least pari passu and rateably with all other present and 
future unsecured and subordinated obligations of Deere or Deere Capital from time to time 
outstanding save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. The rights and claims of holders of the Subordinated Notes 
issued by Deere or Deere Capital, as the case may be, will, in the event that Deere or Deere Capital, 
as the case may be, is wound-up, dissolved, liquidated or ceases to exist as a body corporate, 
excluding where such event results in there being a successor to Deere or Deere Capital, as the 
case may be, and the obligations under the Notes are assumed by that successor, be subordinated 
in right of payment to unsubordinated and unsecured creditors of Deere or Deere Capital, as the 
case may be. 
(c) 
Guarantee by Deere of Notes issued by Deere Cash Management 
Deere has in the Deere Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by Deere Cash Management, in respect of 
Senior Notes issued by it. This Guarantee of the Senior Notes constitutes direct, general, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of Deere which will at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Deere, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(d) 
Guarantee by Deere Capital of Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg 
Deere Capital has in the JDCC Deed of Guarantee unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by Deere Luxembourg in respect 
of Senior Notes issued by them. This Guarantee of the Senior Notes constitutes direct, general, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of Deere Capital which will at all times rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of Deere 
Capital, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge with respect to Senior Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 5(a) is applicable only in relation to Senior Notes issued by Deere and Deere Cash 
Management. So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the relevant Issuer shall not and 
Deere (as Guarantor) shall not permit any Material Subsidiary to, issue, incur, assume or guarantee 
any debt ("Debt") secured by any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon

--- Page 57 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
any present or future Important Property, or upon any present or future shares of stock or 
indebtedness issued by any Material Subsidiary without (a) at the same time or prior thereto 
securing the Senior Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for 
the Senior Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the relevant Issuer or Deere (as Guarantor) or any Material 
Subsidiary may, without (a) equally and rateably securing the Senior Notes or (b) providing such 
other security for the Senior Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders, issue, incur, assume or guarantee Debt secured by a Security Interest which does not 
constitute a Permitted Security Interest, up to an aggregate amount which, together with the sum 
of (A) all other Debt issued or incurred by the relevant Issuer, Deere (as Guarantor) and its Material 
Subsidiaries secured by Security Interests (other than a Permitted Security Interest) which would 
otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions and (B) the Attributable Debt in respect of Sale 
and Lease-back Transactions in existence at such time does not at such time (other than Excluded 
Sale and Leaseback Transactions) exceed 5 per cent. of the Consolidated Net Worth of Deere, as 
shown on the audited consolidated balance sheet contained in the latest annual report of Deere. 
(b) 
This Condition 5(b) is applicable only in relation to Senior Notes issued by Deere Capital and 
Deere Luxembourg. So long as any Senior Notes remain outstanding, the relevant Issuer shall not 
and Deere Capital (as Guarantor) shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to issue, incur, assume or 
guarantee any Debt secured by any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Lien) on any of its 
property or assets, or any of the property or assets of any of its Subsidiaries, without (a) at the same 
time or prior thereto securing the Senior Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such 
other security for the Senior Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 58 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
(e) 
Renminbi Notes 
This Condition 6(e) shall apply to Renminbi Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the 
Final Terms for such Notes specify that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment. The 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with CNY0.005 being 
rounded upwards. The Calculation Agent shall cause the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) and the Holders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and, if the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as 
soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth 
Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time 
required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 
(Payments – Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Subject to Condition 7(j) (Benchmarks Discontinuation), if Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation

--- Page 59 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as 
the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is a 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions; and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by

--- Page 60 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of 
Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate;  
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(3) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the

--- Page 61 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" 
in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
"Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. If no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of each relevant Interest Period shall be deemed to 
be zero, and in no event shall the Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with this Condition 7 
be less than zero. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such

--- Page 62 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents 
and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding Condition 7(c), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(j)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(j) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents, any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with the operation of this Condition 7(j). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 7(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(j)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the

--- Page 63 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 7(j)). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 7(j) by such 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(j)(vii). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable)). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 7(j) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day 
Count Fraction, Business Day, Interest Payment Date, Interest Determination Date, 
Relevant Time or Relevant Screen Page and related provisions) and/or the Agency 
Agreement to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Calculation Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer and subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 7(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice; provided that, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions or the Agency Agreement in any 
way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(j)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or on which they have been admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in 
accordance with Condition 20, the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments and the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments, if any, determined 
under this Condition 7(j). 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders.

--- Page 64 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 
7(j), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
7(c) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this Condition 7(j) by such 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(j)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest 
applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(j). 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 7(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is so 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 7(j)(ii) is customary in market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;

--- Page 65 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(j)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (B)(i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i) 
above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i) 
above; 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is 
no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(G) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 7(j)(i) at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other

--- Page 66 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
9. 
Interest to be non-contingent 
Interest on the Notes will not be determined by reference to the receipts, sales, income, profits or 
cashflow of the Issuer or a related person, or by reference to the change in the value of any property 
held by the Issuer or a related person. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 13 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first

--- Page 67 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(B) 
(1) the Guarantor has or (if a demand was made under the Guarantee of the Notes) 
would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in the 
Guarantee of the Notes or the Guarantor has or will become obliged to make any 
such withholding or deduction as is referred to in the Guarantee of the Notes from 
any amount paid by it to the Issuer in order to enable the Issuer to make a payment 
of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, in either case as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the United States or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes, and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts or the Guarantor would be obliged to make 
such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the 
Notes were then made; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 
days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts or the Guarantor would be obliged to make 
such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantee of the 
Notes were then made. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to make such withholding or deduction as a result 
of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part 
on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on 
the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers

--- Page 68 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall at the 
option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 10(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the certificate representing such Notes with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together 
with a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt 
to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice 
in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option 
Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in paragraphs (a) 
to (e) above. 
(g) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal 
to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
10(g) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(h) 
Purchase 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time after 183 days 
following the Issue Date purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided 
that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith.

--- Page 69 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
11. 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due 
when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law (including applicable United States tax law). 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the

--- Page 70 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 15 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for 
redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of 
principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong, the Issuer shall, on giving not less than 5 or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Holders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 11(k) 
(Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Holders. 
12. 
Payments – Registered Notes 
This Condition 12 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in 
the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing

--- Page 71 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch 
of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment 
instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on 
redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note 
Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) 
on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 12 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note in 
relation to a partial redemption or otherwise, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of 
such payment are noted on the Register and the relevant Duplicate Register and, in the case of 
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and 
the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of 
principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes when due in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong, the Issuer shall, on giving not less than 5 or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Holders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of Registered Notes represented by Note Certificates shall be made by a U.S. dollar denominated 
cheque drawn on a bank in New York City and mailed to the holder of such Note Certificates at its 
address appearing in the Register, or, upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account with a bank in New York City. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 12(f) 
(Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent) by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Holders.

--- Page 72 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
13. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the applicable Relevant 
Jurisdiction (in the case of payments by the Issuer) or the United States of America (in the case of 
payments by the Guarantor) or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by, or on behalf of, a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have 
been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment in the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
held by, or by a third party on behalf of, a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its 
(or a fiduciary, settlor, member or shareholder, beneficiary of, or possessor of a power 
over, such holder, if such holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) having some 
present or former connection with the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction (including being or 
having been a citizen or resident of such Relevant Jurisdiction or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein) other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(iv) 
held by a Holder which is or was a personal holding company, passive foreign investment 
company with respect to the United States or a corporation that accumulates earnings to 
avoid United States federal income tax; or 
(v) 
if such tax is an estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any 
similar tax, assessment, or governmental charge; or 
(vi) 
if such amount is payable otherwise than by withholding from a payment on such Note or 
Coupon or such amount is required to be withheld by a paying agent, if such payment can 
be made without such withholding by any other paying agent under the Agency Agreement; 
or 
(vii) 
if such tax, duty assessment or governmental charge (A) would not have been imposed but 
for the failure to comply with applicable certification, information, documentation or other 
reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with 
the Relevant Jurisdiction of the Holder or beneficial owner of such Note if such 
compliance is required as a precondition to relief or exemption from withholding or 
deduction of all or part of such tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, or (B) is 
withheld, deducted or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA; or 
(viii) 
held by a Holder which is or has been a "10 per cent. shareholder" of the obligor of the 
Note as defined in Section 871(h)(3) of the Code or any successor provisions, a Holder 
which is a bank that is a Non-United States person with respect to which the purchase or 
acquisition of the Note, Coupon or Note Certificate is described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) 
of the Code, or a Holder which is controlled foreign corporation with respect to the obligor 
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; or

--- Page 73 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(ix) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or surrendered for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
Holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering 
such Note, Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days; or 
(x) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on savings income received from a 
paying agent established in Luxembourg as regards to Luxembourg resident individuals 
according to the law of 23 December 2005, as 20 per cent. withholding tax; or 
(xi) 
(except in the case of Registered Notes) held by or on behalf of a Holder who would have 
been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or 
Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(xii) 
in the case of any combination of items (i) through (xi), 
nor shall additional amounts be paid to a holder that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the 
sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor of such fiduciary 
or partnership or beneficial owner would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had 
such beneficiary, settlor or beneficial owner been the holder of the Note. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Relevant Jurisdiction or the United States respectively, references in these Conditions to the 
Relevant Jurisdiction or the United States shall be construed as references to the Relevant 
Jurisdiction or (as the case may be) the United States and/or such other jurisdiction. 
14. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment of interest: default in the payment of any interest upon any Note of that Series or 
any related Coupon, when such interest or Coupon becomes due and payable, and continuance of 
such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(b) 
Non-payment of principal: default in the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any, on) any 
Note of that Series when it becomes due and payable; or 
(c) 
Breach of other obligations: default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement 
of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series, the 
Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee (other than a covenant or warranty in respect of the 
Notes of such Series, a default in the performance of which or the breach of which is elsewhere in 
this Condition specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in such Notes solely 
for the benefit of Series of Notes other than that Series) and continuance of such default or breach 
for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or, 
if applicable, the Guarantor or the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent by Noteholders of at least 
25 per cent. in principal amount of Notes outstanding of that Series a written notice specifying 
such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied stating that such notice is a "Notice of 
Default"; or 
(d) 
Insolvency etc: in the case of Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg, Deere Cash Management (i) 
such Issuer or its Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer, or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Issuer, is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), 
(iii) the Issuer takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes 
a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or 
declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer is ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction to cease to carry on all 
or any substantial part of its business (otherwise than, in the case of the Issuer, for the purposes of 
or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent and in the case of a

--- Page 74 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, for the purposes of or pursuant to any amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring); or 
(e) 
Bankruptcy, etc of Deere or Deere Capital: in the case of Notes issued by or guaranteed by Deere 
or Deere Capital (i) Deere or Deere Capital (as the case may be) pursuant to or within the meaning 
of any Bankruptcy Law commences a voluntary case, or consents to the entry of an order for relief 
against it in an involuntary case, or consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or 
substantially all of its property or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) 
a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that is for 
relief against Deere or Deere Capital (as the case may be) in an involuntary case, or appoints a 
Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, or orders the liquidation of it and the 
order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 days. In this Condition, the term 
"Bankruptcy Law" means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of 
debtors. The term "Custodian" means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar 
official under any Bankruptcy law, then any Senior Note of any Issuer or any Subordinated Note 
issued by Deere or Deere Capital may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) without further action or formality. 
15. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest in respect of 
Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed on the last page of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and

--- Page 75 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
shall at all times, whilst any such Note remains outstanding, maintain a Calculation Agent; 
and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any 
such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantor (acting together) and shall be convened by them upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; 
provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other method 
(which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the Fiscal Agent 
may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law on Commercial 
Companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended, are hereby excluded in respect of the Notes, 
Coupons and Talons. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Notes, these Conditions, the Deeds of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error 
or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes, these Conditions, the Deeds of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant as may 
be required in order to give effect to Condition 7(j) in connection with effecting any Alternative 
Reference Rate, Successor Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments referred to in 
Condition 7(j) without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders.

--- Page 76 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes admitted to the Official List of the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and/or admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be deemed to be validly given if published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin or published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Ireland and approved by Euronext Dublin. It is expected that such publication will 
be made in The Irish Times. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer 
Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class 
mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses 
on the Register and the Duplicate Register if different from the Register (with respect to Registered 
Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
21. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon 
receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, each Deed of Guarantee, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, English law except that in the case of Subordinated Notes issued by Deere or Deere

--- Page 77 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
Capital, the provisions of Condition 4(b) and all matters arising from or in connection with them 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the federal laws of the United States of 
America. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
law on Commercial Companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended, are excluded in respect of the 
Notes, Coupons and Talons. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising from or in connection with the Notes. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: Each Issuer and Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to 
the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 23(b) (English Courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 23 (Governing Law 
and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings in relation to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: Each Issuer and Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any 
Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may 
be served on it by being delivered to Clifford Chance Secretaries Limited at its registered office 
from time to time, being at the date of these Conditions at 10 Upper Bank Street, London E14 5JJ, 
or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuers or the 
Guarantors in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies 
Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process 
on behalf of the Issuers or the Guarantors, the Issuers and Guarantors (acting together) shall, on 
the written demand of any of the Noteholders addressed to the Issuers and the Guarantors and 
delivered to the Issuers and the Guarantors or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint 
a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuers and the Guarantors and delivered to the Issuers and the Guarantors or to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to 
Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
24. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contract 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this shall not affect any right or remedy of a third party 
which exists or is available apart from such Act. 
25. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in respect of Notes and Coupons 
issued by Deere Luxembourg 
This Condition applies to the Notes and Coupons issued by Deere Luxembourg only. 
Notwithstanding, and to the exclusion of, any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between Deere Luxembourg, any Noteholder or Couponholder and, 
by its acquisition of any Note or Coupon, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 25, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes and/or the 
Coupons) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes or Coupons may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Liability in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons;

--- Page 78 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Liability in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the 
issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or Couponholder of such shares, securities or 
obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms 
of the Notes and/or Coupons; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes and/or Coupons or the Liability in respect thereof; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes and/or Coupons, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes and/or Coupons, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
Luxembourg, relating to: (i) the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU (the "BRRD"), including 
without limitation, the law of 18 December 2015 on the default of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms (as amended) (the "Luxembourg Resolution Law"), and Regulation (EU) No. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the "Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation"), or otherwise arising under Luxembourg law; and (ii) in each case the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of Deere 
Luxembourg (or any affiliate of Deere Luxembourg) can be reduced (in part or in whole), 
cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of Deere 
Luxembourg or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period), whether in connection 
with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise; 
"Liability" means any contractual or non-contractual liability (engagement) of Deere Luxembourg 
under or in relation to the Notes and/or Coupons (other than an Excluded Liability), including 
without limitation the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes and/or Coupons, in accordance 
with laws, regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD into Luxembourg law, 
including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg Resolution Law; 
"Excluded Liability" means a liability (engagement) excluded from the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Powers pursuant to the laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg, in 
particular, without limitation, pursuant to Article 45 (2) of the Luxembourg Resolution Law; 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and/or Coupons. References 
to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority; and 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to Deere Luxembourg, including in respect of 
Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, acting in its capacity as 
resolution authority within the meaning of Article 3(1) of BRRD, the Single Resolution Board 
established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when 
acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation).

--- Page 79 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing 
the Final Terms. The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes to be issued should be reviewed by 
U.S. tax counsel. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II")]/[EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor")] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
 
1 
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document ("KID") will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 80 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).]3 
Final Terms dated [•] 
[DEERE & COMPANY/JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION/  
JOHN DEERE BANK S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated and 
existing as a credit institution under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office 
at 43, avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with 
the Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under the number B 74106/ 
JOHN DEERE CASH MANAGEMENT, a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) incorporated and existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered 
office at 43, avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under the number B 101957]  
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Bearer/Registered] [Title of Notes]  
 
[Guaranteed by  
DEERE & COMPANY]4  
[Guaranteed by  
JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION]5  
 
under the U.S.$6,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 31 March 2022 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•]] [which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation has approved the Base Prospectus as having 
been drawn up in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]6/ [This document does not constitute the Final Terms relating to the issue 
of Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"), as these Notes are not being issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation.]7 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the relevant Guarantor] and the Notes is 
only available on the basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [The Base 
 
3 
Prescribed capital markets products notification to be made by way of Bloomberg launch announcement or otherwise before an 
offer of Notes is made. 
4 
Delete if Deere & Company, John Deere Capital Corporation or John Deere Bank S.A. is the Issuer. 
5 
Delete if Deere & Company, John Deere Capital Corporation or John Deere Cash Management is the Issuer. 
6 
Include this wording where the Notes are to be issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
7 
Include this wording where the Notes are not to be issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 81 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing at [address] [and] [live.euronext.com] and 
copies may be obtained from [address].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
[2013]/[2014]/[2016]/[2017]/[2018]/[2019]/[2020]/[2021] Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the 
Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplemental 
Base Prospectus dated [date]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. The Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent authority for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation has approved the Base Prospectus as having been drawn up in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]8/ [This document does not constitute the Final Terms relating to the issue 
of Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"), as these Notes are not being issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation.]9 
Full information on the Issuers, [the Guarantor] and the Notes is only available on the basis of a combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. [The Base Prospectus and these Final 
Terms are available for viewing at [address] [and] [https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin] and copies 
may be obtained from [address].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Deere & Company 
 
 
John Deere Capital Corporation 
 
 
John Deere Bank S.A. 
 
 
John Deere Cash Management] 
 
[(ii) 
Guarantor:] 
[Deere & Company (delete if Deere & Company, 
John Deere Capital Corporation or John Deere 
Bank S.A. is the Issuer)] 
 
 
[John Deere Capital Corporation (delete if Deere & 
Company, John Deere Capital Corporation or 
John Deere Cash Management is the Issuer] 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: (If fungible 
with an existing Series, details 
of that Series, including the 
date on which the Notes 
become fungible).] 
[•] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
8 
Include this wording where the Notes are to be issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
9 
Include this wording where the Notes are not to be issued pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 82 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:10 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and 
year.] [For fixed rate Renminbi Notes where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
the Maturity Date will be the Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year.] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.] 
 
 
[Pursuant to a board resolution of John Deere 
Bank S.A., in the case of Notes issued by John 
Deere Bank S.A. the Maturity Date must not be less 
than 9 months from the Issue Date stated in the 
Final Terms] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/BBSW] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified [at point [13/14/15]] 
below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at par 
 
10 
Notes will be issued in denominations of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency as may be specified in these 
Final Terms.

--- Page 83 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
 
[For Renminbi Notes only: The Issuer may settle 
payments due in Renminbi (in whole or in part) in 
U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount in the 
circumstances described in Condition 11(k)/11(f).] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified [at point [16/17]] 
below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
 
[(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] obtained:] 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] [N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes or related Guarantee] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of Business 
Day] not adjusted] 
 
 
[Insert the following option for Renminbi Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification: Interest Payment Dates will be adjusted 
for calculation of interest and for payment purposes 
in accordance with the [specify applicable Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of Business Day].] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable/For 
Renminbi Notes where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification: The Fixed Coupon 
Amount is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(e)] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[(ISDA)]/[Actual/365/ 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 84 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) and the Spot Rate: 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation 
Agent. 
(N.B. Include this item for fixed rate Notes which are 
Renminbi Notes only.)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] / [ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/BBSW] 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(e) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(see 
Condition 7(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[•] / CHF-SARON / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-TONA / 
USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
• 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]/ 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]]/ 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(g) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]/ 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]]/ 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(h) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]

--- Page 86 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call):  
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable (if the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) is the principal amount of the Notes/specify the

--- Page 87 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) if different from the 
principal amount of the Notes)]. 
20. 
Early Termination Amount 
[Not Applicable (if the Early Termination Amount is 
the principal amount of the Notes/specify the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)]. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes]11 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on [•] days' notice]/[in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [ ] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 
[•] days' 
notice]/[in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]/[upon request by any beneficial owner or other 
holder, on 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent]] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination 
of EUR100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples 
of EUR1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global 
Note representing such Notes shall only be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note and Global Registered Note 
[(U.S.$/Euro/RMB/GBP/JPY [•] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
22. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]. Note that this paragraph relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which items [13(ii) and 14(iv) 
relate. In no event shall any payments in respect of 
the Notes be made to an address within the United 
 
11 
Notes in bearer form will not be issued under the Programme, unless and until there is a change in U.S. income tax law that 
permits the issuance of bearer debt without adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor.

--- Page 88 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
States or its possessions or to an account maintained 
in the United States or its possessions] 
24. 
Principal Financial Centre: 
[Not applicable/[•].] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes. The Talons mature on [•]/No.] 
DISTRIBUTION 
26. 
(i) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
27. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
28. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2  
29. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
30. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
31. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/BBSW] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] /[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
32. 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•]/[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base 
Prospectus, give details here] /[See "General 
Information - Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus.]

--- Page 89 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
33. 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin of the Notes described herein pursuant to the U.S.$6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Deere & Company, John Deere Capital Corporation, John Deere Bank S.A. and John 
Deere Cash Management and guaranteed as to Notes to be issued by John Deere Cash Management by 
Deere & Company and as to Notes to be issued by John Deere Bank S.A., by John Deere Capital 
Corporation.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. [•] [has been extracted from [•]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:12 
 
 
By:  ....................................................................... 
By:  ....................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised] 
 
12 
Final Terms to be executed by two directors when the Issuer is John Deere Bank S.A. or John Deere Cash Management

--- Page 90 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin, with effect from [•].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [•].] / [Not Applicable.]13 
 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading and 
specify on which market they were previously 
admitted.] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]14 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:15 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
[[Standard and Poor's Financial Services LLC]: [•]]
 
 
 
[[Moody's Investors Service, Inc.]: [•]] 
 
 
[[Fitch Ratings, Inc.]: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
 
13 
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading. 
14 
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading. 
15 
The exact legal name of the rating agency entity providing the rating should be specified.

--- Page 91 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant competent authority] /[European Securities 
and Markets Authority].  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether

--- Page 92 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
( 
the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the EEA or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 93 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) 
but CRA is certified under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018

--- Page 94 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4. 
[YIELD - Fixed Rate Notes only 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(iii) 
CFI:  
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN:  
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies

--- Page 95 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(v) 
LEI:  
[The LEI code of John Deere Cash Management is 
54930045CRYTH0OUOH72.] 
[The LEI code of Deere & Company is 
PWFTNG3EI0Y73OXWDH08.] 
[The LEI code of John Deere Bank S.A. is 
RUOKPID0PZ0UWJYU9J61.] 
[The LEI code of John Deere Capital Corporation is 
E0KSF7PFQ210NWI8Z391.] 
 
(If the CFI, LEI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be specified to 
be "Not Applicable") 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper [include this 
text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
[include this text for registered notes]]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)] 
 
(viii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(ix) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[•]

--- Page 96 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register or the Duplicate Register if different from the Register 
(with respect to Registered Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management) which, for so 
long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common safekeeper or common depositary or a nominee for that 
depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner 
in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in 
the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting 
such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested

--- Page 97 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; 
or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all 
accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase 
the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth 
day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to, or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms 
of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled 
to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 98 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Exchange of Global Registered Notes 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete 
and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the 
persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of 
each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of 
the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Registered Note will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global 
Registered Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as being entitled to an interest in a 
Global Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be made against 
presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of 
the Global Note or Global Registered Note to, or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to 
satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion 
on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, "Payment Business 
Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies (including, in the case of Renminbi Notes, settlement of Renminbi payments) may be

--- Page 99 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the Holder in the Register or the Duplicate Register if different from the Register (with respect to Registered 
Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management) at the close of business (in the relevant 
clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
Global Registered Note is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 100 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
DEERE & COMPANY 
Status and Domicile 
Deere was incorporated under the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware, U.S.A., on 
25 April 1958 and is registered under the number 36-2382580. It has a perpetual existence. The registered 
address of Deere in Delaware is 1209 Orange St., Wilmington, DE 19801 U.S.A. Deere's principal place of 
business is One John Deere Place, Moline, IL 61265 U.S.A. and its business telephone number is +1-309-
765-8000. A list of subsidiary companies of Deere as of 31 October 2021 is set out below under "Principal 
Subsidiaries of Deere". The website of Deere is www.deere.com.  
Introduction 
Deere and its subsidiaries manufacture and distribute a full line of production and precision agriculture 
equipment, small agriculture and turf equipment, and a broad range of equipment for construction and 
forestry (together the "Equipment Operations"). Deere also provides credit services, which mainly finance 
sales and leases by John Deere dealers of equipment and wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing 
equipment and offers extended equipment warranties (together the "Financial Services"). 
Worldwide net income attributable to Deere in 2021 was U.S.$5,963 million, or U.S.$18.99 per share 
diluted (U.S.$19.14 basic), compared with U.S.$2,751 million, or U.S.$8.69 per share diluted (U.S.$8.77 
basic) in 2020. Worldwide net sales and revenues increased 24 per cent. to U.S.$44,024 million in 2021, 
compared with U.S.$35,540 million in 2020. Net income in 2020 was negatively affected by impairment 
charges and employee-separation costs of U.S.$458 million after-tax. In addition, net income in 2020 was 
unfavourably affected by discrete adjustments to the provision for income taxes. Net sales of worldwide 
equipment operations increased in fiscal 2021 to U.S.$39,737 million, compared with U.S.$31,272 million 
the previous year. Production and precision agriculture, small agriculture and turf, and construction and 
forestry sales increased during 2021 due to higher shipment volumes and price realisation. 
Worldwide equipment operations had an operating profit of U.S.$6,868 million in fiscal 2021, compared 
with U.S.$3,559 million in fiscal 2020. Net income of Deere's equipment operations was U.S.$5,082 
million for fiscal 2021, compared with U.S.$2,185 million in fiscal 2020. The equipment operations' 
provision for income taxes and net income in 2020 were adversely affected by non-deductible impairments 
and charges.  
Deere's Financial Services operations reported net income attributable to Deere in 2021 of U.S.$881 
million, compared with U.S.$566 million in 2020. The increase was mainly due to improvement on 
operating lease residual values, a lower provision for credit losses, more favorable financing spreads, and 
income earned on a higher average portfolio. Deere has a rating of A2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., 
A by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and A by Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Deere's authorised capital stock consists of (i) 1,200,000,000 shares 
of common stock, U.S.$1.00 par value per share, and (ii) 9,000,000 shares of preferred stock, U.S.$1.00 
par value per share. As at 30 November 2021, 307,407,282 shares of Deere common stock, U.S.$1.00 par 
value, were outstanding. There is no preferred stock outstanding. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Deere 
The following table sets out the capitalisation and indebtedness of Deere as at 31 October 2021, and is 
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Deere as at 31 October 2021.  
 
As at 31 October 2021 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
 
Deere & Company and 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
Short-term borrowings ................................................................................................... 
10,919.0 
Short-term securitisation borrowings ............................................................................ 
4,605.0 
Long-term borrowings .................................................................................................... 
32,888.0 
Stockholders' equity 
 
Common stock .................................................................................................................. 
5,054.0

--- Page 101 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 October 2021 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
 
Deere & Company and 
Consolidated Subsidiaries 
Common stock in treasury ................................................................................................. 
(20,533.0) 
Retained earnings .............................................................................................................. 
36,449.0  
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ............................................................. 
(2,539.0) 
Total Deere & Company stockholders' equity ................................................................... 
18,431.0 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness ............................................................................ 
66,843.0 
 
Summary Financial Information relating to Deere 
The following table sets out in summary form balance sheet and income statement information relating to 
Deere. The tables in Section (A) have been prepared on a consolidated basis. Such information is derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of Deere as at and for the years ended 31 October 2021 
and 1 November 2020. The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with the 
financial statements of Deere (including the notes thereto). Audited consolidated statements are 
incorporated herein by reference and included in Deere's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for such periods. 
In addition, the unaudited financial statements of Deere (including the notes thereto) for the period ended 
30 January 2022 on the Deere First Quarter Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 
Section (A) – Deere & Company and Consolidated Subsidiaries 
Summary Balance Sheet 
31 October 2021 
1 November 2020 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Total Assets ................................................................................................................ 
84,114.0 
75,091.0 
Short-term borrowings ................................................................................................ 
10,919.0 
8,582.0 
Short-term securitisation borrowings .......................................................................... 
4,605.0 
4,682.0 
Long-term borrowings ................................................................................................. 
32,888.0 
32,734.0 
Other liabilities ............................................................................................................ 
17,268.0 
16,149.0 
Redeemable non-controlling interest ........................................................................... 
0.0 
0.0 
Deere & Company stockholders' equity ...................................................................... 
18,431.0 
12,937.0 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................................. 
3.0 
7.0 
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity .............................................................. 
84,114.0 
75,091.0 
 
Summary Income Statement 
31 October 2021 
1 November 2020 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Net sales and revenues ................................................................................................ 
44,024.0 
35,540.0 
Costs and expenses ...................................................................................................... 
36,422.0 
31,657.0 
Income of consolidated group before income taxes ..................................................... 
7,602.0 
3,883.0 
Provision for income taxes .......................................................................................... 
1,658.0 
1,082.0 
Income of consolidated group ..................................................................................... 
5,944.0 
2,801.0 
Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates.............................................................. 
21.0 
(48.0) 
Net income .................................................................................................................. 
5,965.0 
2,753.0 
Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests .......................................... 
2.0 
2.0 
Net Income Attributable to Deere & Company ...................................................... 
5,963.0 
2,751.0 
 
Business of Deere 
Deere and its subsidiaries have operations which are categorized into four major business segments.  
The production and precision agriculture segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and 
technology solutions to unlock customer value for production-scale growers of large grains, small grains, 
cotton, and sugar. The segment's main products include large and certain mid-size tractors, combines, cotton 
pickers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, and soil preparation, seeding, application and crop care 
equipment.

--- Page 102 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
The small agriculture and turf segment defines, develops, and delivers global equipment and technology 
solutions to unlock customer value for dairy and livestock producers, high-value crop producers, and turf 
and utility customers. The segment's primary products include certain mid-size and small tractors, as well 
as hay and forage equipment, riding and commercial lawn equipment, golf course equipment, and utility 
vehicles. 
The construction and forestry segment defines, develops, and delivers a broad range of machines and 
technology solutions organised along the earthmoving, forestry, and roadbuilding production systems. The 
segment's primary products include crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel drive loaders, excavators, skid-
steer loaders, milling machines, and log harvesters. The products and services produced by the segments 
above are marketed primarily through independent retail dealer networks and major retail outlets, and, as it 
relates to roadbuilding products in certain markets outside the United States and Canada, primarily through 
company-owned sales and service subsidiaries. 
The financial services segment primarily finances sales and leases by Deere dealers of new and used 
production and precision agriculture equipment, small agriculture and turf equipment, and construction and 
forestry equipment. In addition, the financial services segment provides wholesale financing to dealers of 
the foregoing equipment, finances retail revolving charge accounts and offers extended equipment 
warranties. 
Properties 
In the U.S. and Canada, the Equipment Operations own and operate 21 factory locations and lease and 
operate another two locations. Of these 23 factories, eight are devoted primarily to production and precision 
agriculture equipment, five to small agriculture and turf equipment, four to construction and forestry 
equipment, one to engines, two to component remanufacturing, two to hydraulic and power train 
components, and one to electronic components. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the Equipment Operations 
own or lease and operate 44 factories, including: agriculture and turf equipment factories in Argentina, 
Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Russia, and Spain; 
earthmoving equipment factories in Brazil and China; engine, engine/power train, hydraulic, or electronic 
component factories in Argentina, France, India, and Mexico; road building equipment factories in Brazil, 
China, Germany, and India; and forestry equipment factories in Finland and New Zealand. The engine 
factories referred to above manufacture non-road, heavy duty diesel engines. 
The Equipment Operations also have financial interests in other manufacturing organisations, which 
include the Hitachi joint venture that builds hydraulic excavators and tracked forestry equipment in the 
U.S., Canada, and Brazil, and ventures that manufacture transaxles and transmissions used in certain 
agriculture and turf segment products. Following the expected closing of the termination of the Hitachi 
joint venture in the first half of fiscal 2022, John Deere will fully own and operate the factories formerly 
owned by the joint venture. 
Deere's facilities are well maintained, in good operating condition and suitable for their present purposes. 
These facilities, together with both short-term and long-term planned capital expenditures, are expected to 
meet Deere's manufacturing needs in the foreseeable future. 
Existing capacity is sufficient to satisfy Deere's current expectations for retail market demand. The 
Equipment Operations' manufacturing strategy involves the implementation of appropriate levels of 
technology and automation to allow manufacturing processes to remain profitable at varying production 
levels. Operations are also designed to be flexible enough to accommodate the product design changes 
required to meet market conditions and changing customer requirements. Common manufacturing facilities 
and techniques are employed in the production of components for production and precision agriculture 
equipment, small agriculture and turf equipment, and construction and forestry equipment. 
In order to utilise manufacturing facilities and technology more effectively, the Equipment Operations 
pursue continuous improvements in manufacturing processes. These include steps to streamline 
manufacturing processes and enhance responsiveness to customers. Deere's flexible assembly lines can 
accommodate a wider product mix and deliver products in line with dealer and customer demand. 
Additionally, considerable effort is being directed to manufacturing cost reduction through process 
improvement and improvements in product design, advanced manufacturing technology, supply 
management and logistics, and environment, health, and safety management systems, as well as 
compensation incentives related to productivity and organisational structure. Deere has experienced

--- Page 103 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
volatility in the price of many raw materials. Deere has responded to cost pressures by implementing the 
cost-reduction measures described above and by increasing prices. Significant cost increases could have an 
adverse effect on Deere's operating results. The Equipment Operations also pursue external sales of selected 
parts and components that can be manufactured and supplied to third parties on a competitive basis, 
including engines, power train components, and electronic components. 
The Equipment Operations own or lease 11 facilities comprised of two locations supporting centralised 
parts distribution and nine regional parts depots and distribution centres throughout the U.S. and Canada. 
Outside the U.S. and Canada, the Equipment Operations also own or lease and occupy 12 centralised parts 
distribution centres in Brazil, Germany, India and Russia and regional parts depots and distribution centres 
in Argentina, Australia, China, Mexico, South Africa, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Deere also owns 
and leases eight facilities for the manufacture and distribution of other brands of replacement parts. 
Deere owns and leases 44 administrative offices and research facilities globally and many other smaller, 
miscellaneous facilities globally. 
Overall, Deere owns approximately 68.4 million square feet of facilities and leases approximately 11.8 
million additional square feet in various locations. 
Management of Deere 
Members of Deere's Board of Directors are elected to one-year terms of office. The business address for 
each of the following directors is: World Headquarters, Deere & Company, One John Deere Place, Moline, 
IL 61265-8098, United States of America. 
John C. May, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Deere since 2020; President and Chief 
Operating Officer of Deere from April 2019 to November 2019; President, Worldwide Agriculture & Turf 
Division, Global Harvesting and Turf Platforms, Ag Solutions of Deere (Americas and Australia), 2018 to 
2019; President, Agricultural Solutions & Chief Information Officer of Deere from 2012 to 2018. Director 
of Deere since 2019. Director of Ford Motor Company. Age 52. 
Leeann G. Caret, Executive Vice President of The Boeing Company and serves as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of Boeing Defense, Space, & Security since 2016. President, Global Services & Support 
at The Boeing Company from 2015 to 2016. Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance, Defense, 
Space & Security at The Boeing Company from 2014 to 2015. Director of Deere since 2021. Member of 
the Compensation and Finance Committee. Age 55. 
Tamra A. Erwin, Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Business Group 
since 2019. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Verizon Wireless Group from 2016 
to 2019. Director of Deere since 2020. Member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance 
Committee. Age 57. 
Alan C. Heuberger, Senior Investment Manager of Cascade Asset Management Company (formerly 
BMGI) since 2021; Senior Manager of BMGI from 2004 to 2021; Investment Analyst of BMGI from 1996 
to 2004. Director of Deere since 2016. Member of the Audit Review and Finance Committees. Age 48. 
Charles O. Holliday, Jr., Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DuPont and Former Chairman 
of Royal Dutch Shell plc. Chairman of Royal Dutch Shell plc from 2015 to 2021; Chairman of the National 
Academy of Engineering from 2012 to 2016; Chairman of Bank of America Corporation from 2010 to 
2014; Chairman of DuPont from 1999 to 2009; Chief Executive Officer of DuPont from 1998 through 
2008. Director of Deere from 2007 to 2016 and since January 2018. Member of the Compensation and 
Corporate Governance Committees. Director of HCA Healthcare, Inc.. Age 73. 
Michael O. Johanns, Retired United States Senator from Nebraska and former U.S. Secretary of 
Agriculture; United States Senator from Nebraska from 2009 to 2015; United States Secretary of 
Agriculture from 2005 to 2007; Governor of Nebraska from 1999 to 2005. Director of Deere since 2015. 
Member of Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees. Director of Corteva, Inc. Age 71. 
Clayton M. Jones, Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell Collins, Inc.; Chairman of 
Rockwell Collins, Inc. from2013 to 2014; Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell Collins, Inc. 
from 2012 to 2013; Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwell Collins, Inc. from 2002

--- Page 104 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
to 2012. Director of Deere since 2007. Member of Audit Review and Executive Committees and Chair of 
the Corporate Governance Committee. Director of Motorola Solutions, Inc. Age 72. 
Gregory R. Page, Chairman of Corteva, Inc. since 2019; Executive Director of Cargill, Incorporated from 
2015 to 2016; Executive Chairman of Cargill, Incorporated from 2013 to 2015; Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer of Cargill, Incorporated from 2011 to 2013; Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and 
President of Cargill, Incorporated from 2007 to 2011. Director of Deere since 2013. Chair of Finance 
Committee and member of the Audit Review and Executive Committees. Director of Eaton Corporation 
plc, 3M Company and Corteva, Inc. Age 70. 
Sherry M. Smith, Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Supervalu Inc.; 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Supervalu Inc. from 2010 to 2013; Senior Vice 
President, Finance of Supervalu Inc. from 2005 to 2010; Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of 
Supervalu Inc. from 2002 to 2005. Director of Deere since 2011. Chair of Audit Review Committee and 
member of the Finance and Executive Committees. Director of Tuesday Morning Corporation, Realogy 
Holdings Corp. and Piper Sandler Companies. Age 60. 
Dmitri L. Stockton, Retired Special Advisor to the Chairman and Senior Vice President of General Electric 
Company and Former Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of GE Asset Management 
Incorporated; Special Advisor to the Chairman and Senior Vice President of General Electric Company 
from 2016 to 2017; Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of GE Asset Management 
Incorporated and Senior Vice President of General Electric Company from 2011 to 2016; President and 
Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Global Banking and Senior Vice President of GE from 2008 to 2011. 
Director of Deere since 2015. Chair of the Compensation Committee and member of the Finance and 
Executive Committees. Director of Ryder System, Inc., Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., and Target 
Corporation. Age 57. 
Sheila G. Talton, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gray Matter Analytics since 2013; President 
and Chief Executive Officer of SGT Ltd. from 2011 to 2013; Vice President of Cisco Systems, Inc. from 
2008 to 2011. Director of Deere since 2015. Member of the Audit Review and Corporate Governance 
Committees. Director of OGE Energy Corporation and Sysco Corporation. Age 69. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest, nor are there any interests that would be material to any issue of 
Notes under the Programme existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board of Directors listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Employees of Deere 
At 31 October 2021, Deere had approximately 75,600 employees, including approximately 29,000 
employees in the United States and Canada. Deere also retains consultants, independent contractors, and 
temporary and part-time workers. Unions are certified as bargaining agents for approximately 83 per cent. 
of Deere's United States production and maintenance employees. Approximately 10,500 of Deere's active 
United States production and maintenance workers are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with 
the UAW, with an expiration date of 1 November 2027. A small number of U.S. production employees are 
represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). Collective 
bargaining agreements covering Deere's employees in the United States, other than the agreement with the 
UAW, expire between 2022 and 2027. 
Unions also represent the majority of employees at Deere Group manufacturing facilities outside the United 
States. 
Principal Subsidiaries of Deere 
Subsidiary companies of Deere as of 31 October 2021 are listed below. Except where otherwise indicated, 
100 per cent. of the voting securities of the companies named is owned directly or indirectly by Deere. 
Name of subsidiary 
Organised under the laws of 
Subsidiaries included in consolidated financial statements* 
 
Banco John Deere S.A. ............................................................................................................  
Brazil 
Bear Flag Robotics, Inc ............................................................................................................  
Delaware 
Blue River Technology, Inc .....................................................................................................  
Delaware 
Chamberlain Holdings Limited ................................................................................................  
Australia

--- Page 105 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
Name of subsidiary 
Organised under the laws of 
Deere Capital, Inc.....................................................................................................................  
Nevada 
Deere Credit, Inc. .....................................................................................................................  
Delaware 
Deere Credit Services, Inc. .......................................................................................................  
Delaware 
Deere Funding Canada Corporation .........................................................................................  
Canada 
Deere Receivables LLC............................................................................................................  
Nevada 
Farm Plan Corporation .............................................................................................................  
Delaware 
FPC Receivables, Inc. ..............................................................................................................  
Nevada 
Hamm AG ................................................................................................................................  
Germany 
Harvest Profit, LLC ..................................................................................................................  
Delaware 
Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A. ......................................................................................  
Argentina 
John Deere (China) Investment Co., Ltd. .................................................................................  
China 
John Deere (Jiamusi) Agricultural Machinery Co., Ltd. ...........................................................  
China 
John Deere (Tianjin) International Trading Co., Ltd. ...............................................................  
China 
John Deere Agricultural Holdings, Inc .....................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Asia (Singapore) Private Limited ..........................................................................  
Singapore 
John Deere Bank S.A. ..............................................................................................................  
Luxembourg 
John Deere Brasil Ltda .............................................................................................................  
Brazil 
John Deere Canada ULC ..........................................................................................................  
Canada 
John Deere Capital Corporation ...............................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Cash Management .................................................................................................  
Luxembourg 
John Deere Construction & Forestry Company ........................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Electronic Solutions, Inc ........................................................................................  
North Dakota 
John Deere Financial, f.s.b. ......................................................................................................  
Federal 
John Deere Financial Inc. .........................................................................................................  
Canada 
John Deere Financial Limited ..................................................................................................  
Australia 
John Deere Financial Mexico, S.A. de C.V.SOFOM, ENR ......................................................  
Mexico 
John Deere Financial Services, Inc. ..........................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Forestry Group LLC ..............................................................................................  
Illinois 
John Deere Funding Corporation .............................................................................................  
Nevada 
John Deere Global Investments LLC .......................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere GmbH & Co. KG...................................................................................................  
Germany 
John Deere Iberica S.A. ............................................................................................................  
Spain 
John Deere India Private Limited .............................................................................................  
India 
John Deere International GmbH ...............................................................................................  
Switzerland 
John Deere-Lanz Verwaltungs GmbH ......................................................................................  
Germany 
John Deere Leasing Company ..................................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Limited ..................................................................................................................  
Australia 
John Deere Limited ..................................................................................................................  
United Kingdom 
John Deere Polska Sp. z o.o .....................................................................................................  
Poland 
John Deere Receivables, Inc.....................................................................................................  
Nevada 
John Deere Rus. Limited Liability Company ...........................................................................  
Russia 
John Deere, S. de R.L. de C.V ..................................................................................................  
Mexico 
John Deere S.A.S .....................................................................................................................  
France 
John Deere Shared Services, Inc ..............................................................................................  
Delaware 
John Deere Thibodaux, Inc ......................................................................................................  
Louisiana 
John Deere Walldorf GmbH & Co. KG ...................................................................................  
Germany 
John Deere Warranty, Inc. ........................................................................................................  
Vermont 
Joseph Vögele Aktiengesellschaft ............................................................................................  
Germany 
Motores John Deere S.A. de C.V. ............................................................................................  
Mexico 
Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada Ltd.................................................................................  
Canada 
Wirtgen GmbH .........................................................................................................................  
Germany 
Wirtgen Road Technologies GmbH .........................................................................................  
Germany 
 _______________  
*One hundred fifty-four consolidated subsidiaries and twenty-four unconsolidated affiliates, whose names are omitted, considered 
in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary.

--- Page 106 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
JOHN DEERE CAPITAL CORPORATION 
Status and Domicile 
Deere Capital was incorporated under the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware, U.S.A., on 
18 July 1958 and is registered under the number 36-2386361. It has a perpetual existence. Deere Capital's 
registered address in Delaware is 1209 Orange St., Wilmington, DE 19801 U.S.A. Deere Capital's principal 
place of business is 10587 Double R Boulevard, Suite 100, Reno, NV 89521 U.S.A. and its business 
telephone number is +775-786-5527. Deere Capital does not have a website.  
Introduction 
Deere Capital and its subsidiaries and other consolidated entities are collectively called Deere Capital 
Consolidated. John Deere Financial Services, Inc., a wholly-owned finance holding subsidiary of Deere, 
owns all of the outstanding common stock of Deere Capital. Deere Capital Consolidated conducts business 
in Australia, New Zealand, the U.S., and in several countries in Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America, 
including Argentina and Mexico. 
Deere has an agreement with Deere Capital pursuant to which it has agreed to continue to own, directly or 
through one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries, at least 51 per cent. of the voting shares of capital stock 
of Deere Capital and to maintain Deere Capital's consolidated tangible net worth at not less than U.S.$50 
million. This agreement also obligates Deere to make payments to Deere Capital such that its consolidated 
ratio of earnings to fixed charges is not less than 1.05 to 1 for each fiscal quarter. Deere's obligations to 
make payments to Deere Capital under the agreement are independent of whether Deere Capital is in default 
on its indebtedness, obligations or other liabilities. Further, Deere's obligations under the agreement are not 
measured by the amount of Deere Capital's indebtedness, obligations or other liabilities. Deere's obligations 
to make payments under this agreement are expressly stated not to be a guaranty of any specific 
indebtedness, obligation or liability of Deere Capital and are enforceable only by or in the name of Deere 
Capital. No payments were required under this agreement during the periods included in the financial 
statements. 
Deere Capital has a rating of A2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., A by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC and A by Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Deere Capital has 2,500 shares of common stock (no par value) 
issued and outstanding, all of which are owned by John Deere Financial Services, Inc., a wholly owned 
finance holding subsidiary of Deere. 
Deere Capital has authorised 10,000 shares of preferred stock (U.S.$1.00 par value), of which none has 
been issued, and 2,500 shares of common stock (no par value). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Deere Capital 
The following table sets out the capitalisation and indebtedness of Deere Capital as at 31 October 2021, 
and is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Deere Capital as at 31 October 2021. 
The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of 
Deere Capital (including the notes thereto). Audited consolidated statements are incorporated herein by 
reference and included in Deere Capital's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for such periods. In addition, the 
unaudited financial statements of Deere Capital (including the notes thereto) for the period ended 30 
January 2022 on the Deere Capital First Quarter Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
As at 31 October 
2021 
 
(in millions of U.S. 
dollars) 
Short-term external borrowings ................................................................................................................  
11,093.2 
Intercompany borrowings .........................................................................................................................  
5,619.4 
Long-term external borrowings ................................................................................................................  
20,607.3 
Stockholder's equity 
 
Common stock .............................................................................................................................................  
1,482.8

--- Page 107 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
As at 31 October 
2021 
 
(in millions of U.S. 
dollars) 
Retained earnings .........................................................................................................................................  
3,091.0 
Other ............................................................................................................................................................  
(49.4) 
Non-controlling interests ..............................................................................................................................  
1.8 
Total stockholder's equity .............................................................................................................................  
4,526.2 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness .......................................................................................................  
41,846.1 
 
Summary Financial Information relating to Deere Capital 
The following tables set out in summary form balance sheet and income statement information relating to 
Deere Capital. Such information is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Deere 
Capital as at and for the years ended 31 October 2021 and 1 November 2020. The financial information 
presented below should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of Deere Capital (including the 
notes thereto). Audited consolidated statements are incorporated herein by reference and included in Deere 
Capital's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for such periods. In addition, the unaudited financial statements of 
Deere Capital (including the notes thereto) for the period ended 30 January 2022 on the Deere Capital First 
Quarter Form 10-Q are incorporated herein by reference. 
Summary Balance Sheet 
31 October 2021 
1 November 2020 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Total Assets ................................................................................................................ 
43,216.6 
40,857.2 
Short-term external borrowings ............................................................................... 
11,093.2 
10,585.3 
Intercompany borrowings ........................................................................................ 
5,619.4 
5,249.5 
Long-term external borrowings ............................................................................... 
20,607.3 
19,311.1 
Other liabilities .......................................................................................................... 
1,370.5 
1,413.1 
Stockholder's equity .................................................................................................. 
4,526.2 
4,298.2 
Total Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity .............................................................. 
43,216.6 
40,857.2 
 
Summary Income Statement 
31 October 2021  
1 November 2020 
 
(in millions of U.S. dollars) 
Total revenues ............................................................................................................. 
2,688.0 
2,807.6 
Total expenses ............................................................................................................. 
1,779.7 
2,250.6 
Income of consolidated group before income taxes ..................................................... 
908.3 
557.0 
Provision for income taxes .......................................................................................... 
200.5 
134.1 
Income of consolidated group ..................................................................................... 
707.8 
422.9 
Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate ............................................................... 
3.0 
2.2 
Net Income .................................................................................................................. 
710.8 
425.1 
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ................................. 
0.2 
0.1 
Net income attributable to Deere Capital ................................................................ 
710.6 
425.0 
 
Deere Capital Consolidated provides and administers financing for retail purchases of new equipment 
manufactured by the Deere Group's production and precision agriculture operations, small agriculture and 
turf operations, and construction and forestry operations and used equipment taken in trade for this 
equipment. References to "agriculture and turf" include both production and precision agriculture and small 
agriculture and turf. Deere Capital Consolidated generally purchases retail instalment sales and loan 
contracts (retail notes) from Deere and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Deere Group generally acquires 
these retail notes through Deere retail dealers. Deere Capital Consolidated also purchases and finances a 
limited amount of non-Deere retail notes. In addition, Deere Capital Consolidated leases Deere Group 
equipment and a limited amount of non-Deere equipment to retail customers (financing and operating 
leases). Deere Capital Consolidated also finances and services revolving charge accounts, in most cases 
acquired from and offered through merchants in the agriculture and turf and construction and forestry 
markets (revolving charge accounts). Deere Capital Consolidated also provides wholesale financing to 
dealers of John Deere agriculture and turf equipment and construction and forestry equipment (wholesale 
receivables), primarily to finance inventories of equipment for those dealers. Deere Capital consolidated

--- Page 108 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
also offers credit enhanced international export financing to select customers and dealers, which generally 
involves Deere Group products. 
Properties 
Deere Capital Consolidated's properties principally consist of office equipment, company-owned office 
buildings in Johnston, Iowa and Madison, Wisconsin; and leased office space in Reno, Nevada; Rosario, 
Argentina; Brisbane, Australia; Gloucester, England; Langar, England; Ormes, France; Walldorf, 
Germany; Milan, Italy; Luxembourg City, Luxembourg; Monterrey, Mexico; Poznan, Poland; and Parla, 
Spain. 
Management and Employees of Deere Capital 
The following table sets forth the names of the Board of Directors of Deere Capital as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The business address for each of the following directors is: John Deere Financial, 6400 
NW 86th Street, P.O. Box 6600, Johnston IA 50131-6000, United States of America. 
Name 
Position 
Ryan D. Campbell 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Deere.  
John H. Stone 
President, Worldwide Construction & Forestry Division and Power Systems, 
Deere.  
Jayma A Sandquist 
Chief Marketing Officer and Senior Vice President, U.S. and Canada, John 
Deere Financial. 
Rajesh Kalathur 
President, John Deere Financial and Chief Information Officer, Deere.  
John C. May 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Deere 
Cory J. Reed 
President, Worldwide Agriculture & Turf Division, Production and Precision 
Agriculture, Regions 3 and 4, Deere.  
Markwart von Pentz 
President, Worldwide Agriculture & Turf Division, Small Agriculture and 
Turf, Regions 1 and 2, Deere.  
Andrew C. Traeger 
Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President, International Business, John 
Deere Financial. 
Steven N. Owenson 
Senior Vice President and Finance Director, John Deere Financial. 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest nor are there any interests that would be material to any issue of 
Notes under the Programme existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board of Directors listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Employees 
At 31 October 2021, Deere Capital Consolidated had 1,470 full-time and part-time employees.

--- Page 109 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
JOHN DEERE BANK S.A. 
Introduction 
Deere Luxembourg was incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated 
as a credit institution under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a notarial deed dated 3 February 
2000 (published in Mémorial C No. 333 on 9 May 2000, p. 15964) and is registered with the Luxembourg 
Register of Commerce and Companies under the number B 74106.  
Deere Luxembourg has been authorised as a credit institution under the banking laws of Luxembourg on 
25 February 2000 and holds a banking licence pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the 
financial sector as amended. Deere Luxembourg is a substantially wholly-owned subsidiary of Deere 
Capital. Deere Luxembourg's registered office is at 43, avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its business telephone number is +352-262-990-1. The website of Deere 
Luxembourg is https://www.deere.eu/en/index.html. 
Deere Luxembourg issues debt securities and employs the funds in the keeping, development and expansion 
of its operations. Deere Luxembourg, its branches and affiliates provide and administer financing for retail 
purchases of new and used agricultural, commercial and consumer equipment and other equipment mainly 
manufactured by Deere. This includes financing for other goods (e.g. parts) and services (e.g. repairs). 
Deere Luxembourg also purchases receivables from the Deere Group sales branches relating to the sale of 
Deere Group equipment to Deere Group dealers (factoring) and also provides wholesale financing for the 
Deere Group's dealers. Deere Luxembourg provides central management for the control and development 
of its European businesses and may provide financing to its affiliated entities. Deere Luxembourg has 
established branches in the United Kingdom, Spain, Poland and Germany, and affiliates in Italy and France. 
The corporate object of Deere Luxembourg according to its by-laws is to perform banking activities in the 
widest sense permitted by law, both in Luxembourg and abroad, for its own account or for account of its 
customers. It may in particular, but not exclusively, borrow or raise moneys for any of the objects or 
purposes of Deere Luxembourg and, from time to time, without limit as to amount, issue, sell, pledge or 
otherwise dispose of appropriate instruments to evidence such indebtedness, and to secure the payment 
thereof by mortgage or other lien upon the whole or any part of the property of Deere Luxembourg, whether 
at the time owned or thereafter acquired. Deere Luxembourg may further finance or assist in financing the 
sale of property by way of leasing or the hire and leasing of goods, articles, commodities, plant, machinery, 
vehicles, tools and equipment of all and every kind of description. Deere Luxembourg can establish or 
invest in any type of company or acquire, encumber or dispose of real estate in Luxembourg or abroad, 
either for its own account or for account of its customers. In addition, Deere Luxembourg can engage in 
any kind of business suitable for the enhancement of its interest and for the attainment of its object, 
including but not limited to, provision of financing to its affiliated companies, purchasing receivables and 
engaging in cooperation with third party finance institutions. 
Deere Luxembourg is established for an unlimited duration. 
Deere Luxembourg has a rating of A2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., A by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC and A by Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
Capital Structure 
The subscribed share capital is set at one hundred and seventeen million nine hundred and five thousand 
six hundred euros (EUR 117,905,600) divided into five million eight hundred thousand (5,800,000) 
ordinary shares without designation of a nominal value but each of equal value.

--- Page 110 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Management of Deere Luxembourg 
The following table sets forth the names of the Board of Directors of Deere Luxembourg as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. None of the members of the Board of Directors has any significant activities outside 
Deere and its subsidiaries. 
Name 
Position 
Andrew Traeger 
Chairman, Senior Vice President, Global Risk and Region 2. Business 
Address: 6400 NW 86th Street, Johnston, Iowa 50131, United States of 
America  
Felix Frie 
Managing Director Deere Luxembourg. Business Address: 43, Avenue John 
F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Jeffrey A Trahan 
Vice President & Treasurer, Deere. Business Address: World Headquarters, 
Deere & Company, One John Deere Place, Moline, IL 61265, United States of 
America 
Katrin Watkins 
JDF Corporate Consolidation & Reporting. Business Address: 6400 NW 86th 
Street, Johnston, Iowa 50131, United States of America 
Richard Johnson  
Director Sales – Western Europe. Business Address: John-Deere-Strasse 70, 
68163 Mannheim, Germany 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest nor are there any interests that would be material to any issue of 
Notes under the Programme existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board of Directors listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Employees 
At 31 October 2021, Deere Luxembourg had 161 employees.

--- Page 111 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
JOHN DEERE CASH MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
John Deere Cash Management S.A. was incorporated as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by a notarial deed dated 8 July 2004 
(published in the Mémorial C No. 987 on 5 October 2004, page 47349). Pursuant to a resolution by the 
shareholders of John Deere Cash Management S.A. dated 24 May 2019: (i) John Deere Cash Management 
S.A. was converted from a public limited liability company (société anonyme) to a private limited liability 
company (société à responsabilité limitée); and (ii) the name of John Deere Cash Management S.A. was 
changed to John Deere Cash Management. The conversion and name change came into effect on 31 May 
2019.  
Deere Cash Management is a subsidiary of John Deere Luxembourg Investment S.à r.l., a company 
organised under the laws of Luxembourg. Deere Cash Management's registered office is at 43, avenue John 
F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and it is registered with the Luxembourg 
Register of Commerce and Companies under the number B 101957. Its business telephone number is +352 
262990-1. Its articles of association were amended and fully restated for the last time by notarial deed dated 
24 May 2019 and published in the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations N° RESA_2019_130 
on 5 June 2019. Restated articles of association were filed with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce 
and Companies. The website of Deere Luxembourg is www.deere.com. 
Deere Cash Management was formed amongst others to finance the business operations of Deere (which 
term has the same meaning as the term "company controlled by the parent company" defined in paragraph 
(b)(3) of Rule 3a-5 under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended) and to 
implement a centralised cash management function for certain of Deere's subsidiaries and units. 
Deere Cash Management has a rating of A2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., A by Standard & Poor's 
Financial Services LLC and A by Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
Capital Structure 
The subscribed and paid-up capital of Deere Cash Management is two million Euro (EUR 2,000,000) 
represented by two thousand (2,000) shares with a par value of one thousand Euro (EUR 1,000) each.  
Management of Deere Cash Management 
The following table sets forth the names and positions of the Board of Managers of Deere Cash 
Management as of the date of this Base Prospectus. None of the members of the Board of Managers has 
any significant activities outside Deere and its subsidiaries. 
Name 
Position 
Nathalie Prevost 
Finance Controller, John Deere Bank S.A. Business Address: John Deere 
Bank S.A., 43, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg 
Jeffrey A Trahan 
Vice President & Treasurer, Deere. Business Address: World Headquarters, 
Deere & Company, One John Deere Place, Moline, IL 61265, United States of 
America 
Paul Heyman 
Director Wholesale Credit, John Deere Bank S.A. Business Address: John 
Deere Bank S.A., 43, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
Nicole Shearer 
Manager, Cash Management, Deere. Business Address: World Headquarters, 
Deere & Company, One John Deere Place, Moline, IL 61265, United States of 
America

--- Page 112 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest nor are there any interests that would be material to any issue of 
Notes under the Programme existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board of Managers listed 
above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Employees 
At 31 October 2021, Deere Cash Management had four employees.

--- Page 113 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain United States federal income tax and Luxembourg tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date possibly retroactively. Any such change could significantly affect the tax considerations 
described below. 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a Non-United States Person (as defined below). As used in the 
following discussion, the terms (A) "United States Person" means a holder or other beneficial owner of a 
Note who or that is for United States federal income tax purposes (i) a citizen or individual resident of the 
United States, (ii) a corporation (or entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 
created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state therein or the District of Columbia, 
(iii) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or 
(iv) a trust that (1) is subject to the supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or 
more United States persons or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury 
regulations to be treated as a United States person; and (B) "Non-United States Person" means a holder 
or other beneficial owner of a Note that is not a United States Person and (i) that is not an entity or 
arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) who or that is not or was not 
a "10 per cent. shareholder" of the relevant Issuer or Guarantor as defined in Section 871(h)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), a bank, a passive foreign investment company, 
a controlled foreign corporation or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States 
federal income tax, and (iii) except as discussed below, who or that is not engaged in a United States trade 
or business. 
Investors should note that the rules set forth below do not apply to Bearer Notes or to Notes if interest 
thereon is determined by reference to the receipts, sales, income, profits or cashflow of the Issuer or a 
related person, or by reference to the change in value of any property held by the Issuer or a related person. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of investing in any 
such Notes. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds Notes, the 
tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partner and the partnership. Entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes holding Notes and partners in such an entity or arrangement holding Notes should 
consult their tax advisors. 
Deere has not sought any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to the 
statements made and the conclusions reached in this discussion, and there can be no assurance that the IRS 
will agree with such statements and conclusions or that a court would not sustain any challenge by the IRS 
in the event of litigation. 
This discussion is of a general nature only and is not intended as tax advice to any particular 
prospective purchaser of the Notes. Each prospective investor should seek advice based on its 
particular circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
US Notes 
Under present United States federal income tax law, payments of interest made to a Non-United States 
Person on a Note that has been issued by Deere or Deere Capital (a "US Note") will be subject to United 
States withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. of the gross amount, unless eligible for one of the exceptions 
described below. Subject to the discussion of backup withholding and FATCA below, no withholding of 
United States federal income tax will be required with respect to payments of interest on a US Note made 
to a Non-United States Person that has provided the required certifications set forth in Section 871(h) and

--- Page 114 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Section 881(c) of the Code as described in the immediately following paragraph, unless such payments are 
effectively connected with the conduct of a United States trade or business, and in the case of certain treaty 
residents, attributable to a United States permanent establishment (or in the case of an individual, a fixed 
base) maintained in the United States by the Non-United States Person. 
To qualify for this exemption from withholding tax with respect to a US Note, a Non-United States Person 
generally will be required to provide in the year in which a payment of principal or interest occurs, or in 
one of the three preceding years, a statement signed under penalties of perjury certifying that the Non-
United States Person is the beneficial owner of the US Note and is not a United States person and providing 
the name and address of the Non-United States Person; provided, however, that if a Non-United States 
Person has provided such a statement that includes its valid U.S. Taxpayer Identification Number, it will 
not be required to provide another such statement every three years but rather will be required to provide 
another such statement only upon a change in its circumstances or applicable law that renders the previously 
provided statement invalid. 
This statement must be made on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as applicable) or a substantially similar 
substitute form. The provider of the form must inform the recipient of the form of any change in the 
information on the statement within 30 days of the change. 
If a Non-United States Person is engaged in a United States trade or business and interest received on a US 
Note is effectively connected with the conduct of this trade or business, the Non-United States Person will 
be exempt from the withholding of the United States federal income tax described above if an IRS Form 
W-8ECI or substantially similar substitute form has been provided by the Non-United States Person stating 
that interest on the US Note is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-
United States Person in the United States. In this case, the Non-United States Person will be subject to tax 
on the interest received on the US Note on a net income basis in the same manner as if the Non-United 
States Person were a United States person. If the Non-United States Person is a corporation, any effectively 
connected income may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (or such lower rate as 
may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). A Non-United States Person that is engaged in the 
conduct of a trade or business in the United States is urged to consult its tax advisors regarding the U.S. tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
If a Non-United States Person is the beneficial owner of a Note which is held on behalf of such beneficial 
owner by a securities clearing organisation, bank or other financial institution that holds customers' 
securities in the ordinary course of its trade or business (a "Financial Institution"), to qualify for exemption 
from withholding tax with respect to the Note, the Non-United States Person beneficially owning the Note 
must provide appropriate certification to such Financial Institution which Financial Institution must then 
certify to Deere Group or Deere Group's agent, under penalties of perjury, that a properly executed IRS 
Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or applicable successor form), depending on the Non-United States Person's 
status, has been received by it from the Non-United States Person beneficially owning the Notes or a 
qualifying intermediary and furnish a copy to Deere Group's agent; provided that a non-United States 
Financial Institution may fulfil the certification requirement by providing an IRS Form W-8IMY (or 
applicable successor form) to Deere Group certifying that it has entered into an agreement with the IRS to 
be treated as a qualifying intermediary. 
An exemption from, or a reduced rate of, United States federal income and withholding tax may also be 
available under a United States income tax treaty. In general, an exemption or reduced rate of tax will apply 
only if the Non-United States Person provides a properly completed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (as 
applicable) or substantially similar substitute form establishing benefits under an applicable income tax 
treaty. The Non-United States Person may also be required to provide its U.S. taxpayer identification 
number. 
Subject to the discussion of FATCA and backup withholding below, a Non-United States Person generally 
will not be subject to United States federal income tax on any gain realised upon a sale or other disposition 
of a US Note unless the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the 
United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, if this gain is attributable to a United States permanent 
establishment maintained by the Non-United States Person); or, if the Non-United States Person is an 
individual and holds the US Note as a capital asset, unless he is present in the United States for 183 days 
or more in the taxable year of disposition, meets certain other conditions, and is not eligible for relief under 
an applicable income tax treaty.

--- Page 115 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Non-US Notes 
The following three paragraphs describe certain United States federal income tax considerations for Non-
United States Persons owning Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg ("Non-US Notes"). Unless otherwise 
specified in any relevant Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Base Prospectus), the United 
States federal income tax considerations for Non-United States Persons owning Notes issued by Deere Cash 
Management are anticipated to be the same as those described herein with respect to Non-US Notes. 
Under present United States federal income tax law, no withholding of United States federal income tax 
will be required with respect to payments of interest made to a Non-United States Person on a Non-US 
Note. 
If a Non-United States Person is engaged in a United States trade or business and interest received on a 
Non-US Note is effectively connected with the conduct of this trade or business, the Non-United States 
Person will be subject to tax on the interest received on the Non-US Note on a net income basis in the same 
manner as if the Non-United States Person were a United States Person. If the Non-United States Person is 
a corporation, any effectively connected income may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30 
per cent. (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). 
A Non-United States Person generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax on any gain 
realised upon a sale or other disposition of a Non-US Note unless the gain is effectively connected with the 
conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, if this gain 
is attributable to a United States permanent establishment maintained by the Non-United States Person); 
or, if the Non-United States Person is an individual and holds the Non-US Note as a capital asset, unless he 
is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition, meets certain other 
conditions, and is not eligible for relief under an applicable income tax treaty. 
FATCA and Backup Withholding 
Provisions of United States tax law commonly known as the "Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act" or 
"FATCA", impose information reporting and withholding requirements with respect to certain holders of 
"financial accounts," as defined in the FATCA rules. Under the FATCA rules, a 30 per cent. withholding 
tax currently applies with respect to interest payments on Notes issued by Deere and Deere Capital, and 
was scheduled to be applicable to gross proceeds from a disposition of such notes on or after 1 January 
2019, in each case, when paid to, or through, certain non-U.S. entities. In addition, non-U.S. financial 
institutions may be required to withhold tax on certain "foreign passthru payments" made on or after 
1 January 2019 to the extent such payments are treated as attributable to certain U.S. source payments. 
However, proposed Treasury regulations have been issued that provide for (i) the repeal of the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax applicable to payments of gross proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of 
such Notes and (ii) the extension of the date on which withholding applies to foreign passthru payments to 
the date that is two years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of applicable final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the United States Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Agreements that have been and will be entered into by the United States tax authorities and 
other governments may revise the scope of FATCA information reporting and withholding requirements. 
Non-U.S. financial institutions generally will be subject to the withholding tax unless (i) they have entered 
into agreements with the IRS to identify financial accounts held by United States Persons or entities with 
substantial U.S. ownership, as well as accounts of other "financial institutions" that are not themselves 
participating in (or otherwise exempt from) the FATCA reporting regime or (ii) the country or countries in 
which they are resident enter into an intergovernmental agreement ("IGA") relating to FATCA with the 
United States (or an IGA with another jurisdiction becomes applicable) and they report information about 
direct and certain indirect U.S. investors to their home country (or other) authorities. The tax is imposed 
regardless of whether the non-U.S. financial institution is receiving the payment for its own account, for 
the account of a direct customer or is acting as an intermediary to pass along the payment to another party. 
For these purposes, the term financial institution includes, among others, banks, insurance companies and 
funds and partnerships that are engaged primarily in investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, 
commodities or partnership interests. FATCA is particularly complex and likely will require compliance 
by financial institutions and various other intermediaries through which a Non-United States Person may 
hold a Note.

--- Page 116 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Investors that are not financial institutions for purposes of FATCA may be required to provide information 
to establish whether they are United States Persons or substantially owned by United States Persons in order 
to establish they are exempt from withholding pursuant to the FATCA rules. 
A Noteholder that is able to claim the benefits of an income tax treaty between its own jurisdiction and the 
United States may be entitled to a refund of amounts withheld pursuant to the FATCA rules, though the 
Noteholder would have to file a United States federal income tax return to claim this refund and would not 
be entitled to interest from the IRS for the period prior to the refund. It is not entirely clear how this rule 
applies to any withholding on payments of principal or disposition proceeds. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to receive additional amounts or otherwise be compensated by the Issuer 
with respect to taxes withheld pursuant to FATCA. 
Backup withholding (currently at a rate of 24 per cent.) and information reporting may apply to payments 
of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, and proceeds from the sale or exchange of, a Note, unless 
the Non-United States Person certifies its status as a Non-United States Person status on IRS Form W-
8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or another applicable form). 
Prospective investors should consult their own advisers about the application of the FATCA rules to 
them, and any future regulations or other IRS guidance. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg and is subject to any change that may 
come into effect after that date, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to 
the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. In addition, any reference to a tax, duty, levy, impost 
or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or 
taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to 
most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an 
individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Noteholders may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
(a) 
Taxation of Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management 
Each of Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management is a company resident in Luxembourg 
for tax purposes and fully taxed in Luxembourg on its world-wide income and wealth. The effective 
corporate tax rate is currently 24.94 per cent. (corporate income tax, municipal business tax in 
Luxembourg City and contribution to the unemployment funds).  
Under the law of 21 December 2018 transposing the EU Directive 2016/1164 (the "ATAD I Law"), 
the tax deduction of interest expenses accrued may be denied starting from the 2019 fiscal year if: 
(a) Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management has exceeding borrowings costs (i.e. tax-
deductible borrowing costs that are in excess of their respective taxable interest income and other 
economically equivalent taxable income); and (b) such exceeding borrowing costs are higher than: 
(i) 30 per cent. of their respective EBITDA; and (ii) EUR 3 million. 
Furthermore, taking into consideration the law of 20 December 2019 transposing the EU Directive 
2017/952 (the "ATAD II Law"), the tax deductions of payments made by Deere Luxembourg 
and/or Deere Cash Management may also be denied if: (a) such payments are not included in the 
taxable base of the ultimate recipient/beneficiary as a result of a hybrid mismatch; and (b)(i) the

--- Page 117 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
ultimate recipient/beneficiary of the payment and Deere Luxembourg/Deere Cash Management 
are associated enterprises; or (ii) the ultimate recipient/beneficiary and Deere Luxembourg/Deere 
Cash Management have concluded a structured arrangement which entails this hybrid mismatch. 
While this rule only targeted hybrid mismatches within the EU in 2019 under the ATAD I Law, 
the anti-hybrid rules have been expanded by the ATAD II Law to: (a) non-EU hybrid mismatches 
and; (b) more sophisticated hybrid mismatches, as from fiscal year 2020.  
Finally, according to the law of 10 February 2021 and applicable as from 1 March 2021, the tax 
deduction of interest due by Deere Luxembourg and/or Deere Cash Management may be denied if 
the following conditions are simultaneously met: 
(a) 
The beneficiary of the interest is a collective entity, as defined by Article 159 of the 
Luxembourg income tax law ("LITL"). If the beneficiary of the interest is not the 
beneficial owner, the actual beneficial owner will have to be considered. 
(b) 
The collective entity, which is the beneficial owner of the interest, is an affiliated 
enterprise of Deere Luxembourg and/or Deere Cash Management, within the meaning of 
Article 56 LITL. 
(c) 
The collective entity, which is the beneficial owner of the interest, is established in a 
country included in the EU list of non-cooperative countries and territories (the "EU 
blacklist"). Subject to subsequent updates, the EU blacklist currently includes the 
American Samoa, Anguilla, Barbados, Fiji, Guam, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, 
Trinidad and Tobago, US Virgin Islands and Vanuatu. 
However, this rule would not apply if it can be supported that the interest due are linked to a 
transaction implemented for valid commercial reasons that reflect the economic reality (which is 
subject to the interpretation of the tax authorities/courts and would be assessed on a case-by-case 
basis). 
Net wealth tax is levied at a rate of 0.5 per cent. on its net asset value under or equal to 
EUR 500,000,000. The tranche of the net asset value over EUR 500,000,000 will be taxed at a rate 
of 0.05 per cent.  
The Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 has introduced a minimum annual net wealth tax from 
1 January 2016. In this respect a minimum net wealth tax of EUR 4,815 will be levied on any 
company on whose financial assets, amounts owed by affiliated undertakings, transferable 
securities and cash at bank (i.e. assets to be accounted for in accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 the Plan 
comptable normalisé) represent more than 90 per cent. of its balance sheet and a minimum amount 
of EUR 350,000. If the company holds 90 per cent. or less of financial assets or if those financial 
assets do not exceed EUR 350,000, a minimum net wealth tax varying between EUR 535 and EUR 
32,100 would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. The minimum annual net wealth 
tax is applicable to any company (including securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 
March 2004, as amended, and investment companies in risk capital governed by the amended law 
of 15 June 2004) except to family estate management companies governed by the law of 11 May 
2007, undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, 
specialised investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, and reserved 
alternative investment funds governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016, which rely on the same 
tax regime as specialised investment funds. 
As Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management are fully taxable in Luxembourg, they may 
in principle benefit from double tax treaties concluded by Luxembourg, subject however to the 
implementation of the Directive proposal released by the EU Commission on 22 December 2021 
and which aims to fight against the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes and ensure that EU 
entities with no or minimal economic activity are unable to benefit from certain tax advantages 
(the so-called "Unshell Directive", which is also colloquially known as 'ATAD 3'). The Unshell 
Directive would mainly apply to EU entities (a) deriving passive income, (b) engaged in cross-
border transactions and (c) which outsourced the administration of day-to-day operations and the 
decision-making on significant functions (so-called "Gateway Entites"). EU entities that meet 
these three conditions would need to declare in their annual tax returns whether they meet 
indicators of minimum substance (the "Substance Test") and provide related documentary

--- Page 118 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
evidence in this respect. Those indicators require the Gateway Entity to (x) own premises for its 
exclusive use; (y) have its own bank account; and (z) be managed by qualified directors who are 
empowered to take decisions, and who actively and independently do so on a regular basis; or have 
full-time employees who are tax resident in the entity's Member State. 
EU entities that do not meet the Substance Test will be presumed not to have sufficient substance 
for tax purposes (unless they can rebut this presumption by providing evidence (i) of the business 
activities which they perform to generate their passive income or (ii) that they do not serve the 
objective of obtaining a tax advantage). In this case and in the absence of rebuttal of the 
presumption, such EU entities would not be allowed to benefit from the provisions of double tax 
treaties or certain EU Directives (such as the Parent-Subsidiary EU Directive). In addition, they 
would not be entitled to a certificate of tax residence to the extent that such certificate serves to 
obtain the benefit of the afore mentioned provisions.  
Although it is premature to anticipate how these rules will be transposed in Luxembourg (and 
interpreted by the tax authorities) and could impact Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash 
Management, it should be noted that condition (c) above as regards outsourcing will probably be 
the more debatable in practice and documentary evidence should be gathered at an early stage to 
be able to support that Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management have an adequate level of 
own resources to perform core management activities. 
When implemented, the Unshell Directive will determine the status of Gateway Entities by looking 
at the two preceding years (i.e. on the assumption that the Unshell Directive becomes effective on 
1 January 2024 (as currently tabled by the EU Commission), the assessment period would have 
started on 1 January 2022). 
Steps should therefore be taken to ensure that Luxembourg corporate taxpayers (such as Deere 
Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management) maintain a certain level of substance and decision-
making in Luxembourg to (i) substantiate that effective management is carried out in Luxembourg 
and (ii) mitigate a risk of challenge under the Unshell Directive. 
(b) 
Withholding tax 
Interest payments (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal made by Deere 
Luxembourg and Deere Cash Management to non-residents of Luxembourg in the context of the 
holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes which are not profit-sharing will not be 
subject to any Luxembourg tax or withholding tax (regardless of the residence of the debtor). 
In addition, as regards Luxembourg resident individuals, the Luxembourg law of 
23 December 2005, as amended, provides for a 20 per cent. withholding tax (which is final when 
Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private 
wealth) on interest income, to the extent such income is paid or allocated by a Luxembourg paying 
agent to Luxembourg resident individuals within the meaning of this law. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005 is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of this law. 
Furthermore, pursuant to the law of 23 December 2005 as amended, Luxembourg resident 
individuals who are the beneficial owners of interest income paid by a paying agent established 
outside Luxembourg, in a Member State of either the European Union or the European Economic 
Area can opt to self declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on this interest income. This 20 per cent. tax 
is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their 
private wealth. The option for the 20 per cent. final tax must cover all interest payment made by 
the paying agents to the Luxembourg resident beneficial owner during the entire civil year. 
Responsibility for the declaration and the payment of the 20 per cent. final levy is assumed by the 
individual resident beneficial owner of the interest or similar income. 
(c) 
Other Taxes and Duties 
Under current Luxembourg tax law and current administrative practice, it is not necessary that the 
Notes be notarised, filed, recorded or enrolled with any court or other authority in Luxembourg, or 
that any stamp, transfer, capital, registration or similar tax be paid on or in relation to the execution,

--- Page 119 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
Luxembourg) of the Notes in accordance therewith or the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes. However, a registration duty may be due (i) upon voluntary registration of the 
Notes in Luxembourg or (ii) in the situation where the Notes are (a) appended to a document that 
requires obligatory registration or (b) deposited in the minutes of a notary. 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder 
in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes, or in 
the case of a gift, the gift is neither recorded in a Luxembourg notarial deed nor registered in 
Luxembourg. 
(d) 
VAT 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of a redemption amount or principal under the Notes 
or the transfer of a Note; provided that Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in 
respect of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added 
tax purposes such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in Luxembourg and an 
exemption from value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
(e) 
Net Wealth tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on a corporate Holder unless: 
(a) 
such Holder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions to the exception of the following entities that are net wealth tax exempt, being 
(i) undertakings for collective investment (UCI) governed by the amended law of 17 
December 2010, (ii) specialised investment funds (SIF) governed by the amended law of 
13 February 2007, (iii) securitisation vehicles governed by the amended law of 22 March 
2004, (iv) investment companies in risk capital (SICAR) within the meaning of the 
amended law of 15 June 2004, (v) family estate management companies (SPF) governed 
by the amended law of 11 May 2007 and (vi) reserved alternative investment funds (RAIF) 
governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016; or 
(b) 
such Note is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a 
permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in 
Luxembourg. 
The Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 has introduced a minimum annual net wealth tax from 
1 January 2016. In this respect a minimum net wealth tax of EUR 4,815 will be levied on any 
company on whose financial assets, amounts owed by affiliated undertakings, transferable 
securities and cash at bank (i.e. assets to be accounted for in accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 the Plan 
comptable normalisé) represent more than 90 per cent. of its balance sheet and a minimum amount 
of EUR 350,000. If the company holds 90 per cent. or less of financial assets or if those financial 
assets do not exceed EUR 350,000, a minimum net wealth tax varying between EUR 535 and EUR 
32,100 would apply depending on the size of its balance sheet. The minimum annual net wealth 
tax is applicable to any company (including securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 
March 2004, as amended, and investment companies in risk capital governed by the amended law 
of 15 June 2004) except to family estate management companies governed by the law of 11 May 
2007, undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, 
specialised investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, and reserved 
alternative investment funds governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016, which rely on the same 
tax regime as specialised investment funds. 
(f) 
Capital gains tax 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must for income tax purposes include any gains 
realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, 
repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or 
book value of the Notes sold, repurchased or redeemed.

--- Page 120 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
A corporate Noteholder who derives income from such Note or who realises a gain on the disposal 
or redemption thereof will not be subject to Luxembourg taxation on such income or capital gains 
unless: 
(i) 
such Noteholder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for Luxembourg tax 
purposes (or for the purposes of the relevant provisions); or 
(ii) 
such income or gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof, which is carried on 
through a permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed place of business 
in Luxembourg. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of Notes 
by a Luxembourg resident individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided that (i) this sale or 
disposal takes place at least six months after the acquisition of the Notes and (ii) the Notes do not 
constitute zero coupon notes. 
A Luxembourg resident individual, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes in his or her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but unpaid interest is 
indicated separately in an agreement. 
A Luxembourg resident individual, who acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable, has to include gains realised upon a sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes in his/her taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the 
sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the 
cost or book value of the Notes sold, repurchased or redeemed. The 20 per cent. Luxembourg 
withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
The proposed financial transaction tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 121 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be issued from time to time by the relevant Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, 
Merrill Lynch International and Standard Chartered Bank (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the relevant Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers 
are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 31 March 2022, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuers, the Guarantors 
and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions 
of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the relevant Issuer. 
United States of America 
The Notes and the Guarantee of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the 
Notes may not be offered, sold and, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer agrees and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising 
the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. In addition, until forty days after the 
commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. These selling restrictions are set forth in the Dealer Agreement. Notes in bearer form will not 
be issued under the Programme, unless and until there is a change in U.S. income tax law that permits the 
issuance of bearer debt without adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes (other than Notes issued by Deere Luxembourg) which 
have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and

--- Page 122 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of 
the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuers (other than in the case of Deere Luxembourg) or the relevant Guarantor and, in the 
case of Deere Luxembourg, would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to Deere 
Luxembourg; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration statements of, or otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in, 
and in accordance with, Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including 
the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan). Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to the Notes, which have 
not been and will not be submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities 
Regulatory Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC 
pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, may be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection 
with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. The material or information contained 
or incorporated by reference herein relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. The Notes may only be offered or sold to the PRC investors 
that are authorised to engage in the purchase of the Notes of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors 
are responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or 
registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which may be required from the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange, the People's Bank of China, CSRC, the China Banking and Insurance

--- Page 123 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying with all relevant PRC 
regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign 
investment regulations. 
This Base Prospectus is delivered only to the recipient solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Notes (subject to all requisite government regulatory approvals/licences, verification 
and/or registrations stated in the above paragraph being obtained or completed by the recipient) and may 
not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person (other than 
professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Base Prospectus has been delivered. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than: (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding-Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or 
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 124 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in section 275(1A) or section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, the Notes to the public within the territory of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
("Luxembourg") unless: 
(a) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") pursuant to part II of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities, which applies the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), if 
Luxembourg is the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the 
CSSF and the European Securities and Markets Authority have been provided by the competent 
authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that a prospectus in 
relation to the Notes has been duly approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(c) 
the offer of Notes benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the 
requirement to publish a prospectus or similar document under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or a 
member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held 
or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet 
inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing measures. 
No such mediation is required in respect of the: (a) transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form; (b) transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form 
between individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) transfer and acceptance of such Zero 
Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or 
as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series/Tranche 
are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial 
distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with.

--- Page 125 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase 
or invest in the Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit 
the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense.

--- Page 126 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above.

--- Page 127 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmark Register") are set out below. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of this Base Prospectus. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required 
by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update this Base Prospectus to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmark Register? 
EURIBOR 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute 
Yes 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR) is 
included in the ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
BBSW 
Australian Financial Markets 
Association 
No 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that Australian Financial Markets 
Association is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence) 
SHIBOR 
National Interbank Funding 
No 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation as 
amended, apply, such that National 
Interbank Funding is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration 
(or, 
if 
located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)

--- Page 128 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing 
The approval of the Programme is expected to take effect on 31 March 2022. Any Tranche of Notes 
intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will be so admitted to trading 
upon submission to Euronext Dublin of the relevant Final Terms and any other information required by 
Euronext Dublin, subject to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update and maintenance of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuers on the dates shown in parentheses: Deere (27 August 1997, 29 May 2002, 6 December 2017 and 
27 March 2020), Deere Capital (30 May 2002, 20 December 2017 and 26 March 2020), Deere Luxembourg 
(13 December 2017, 11 December 2019, 27 March 2020 and 15 December 2021), and Deere Cash 
Management (5 March 2018, 5 March 2019, 28 February 2020, 27 March 2020 and 30 March 2021). The 
giving of the guarantee contained in the Deere Deed of Guarantee was authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Deere passed on 27 August 1997. The giving of the guarantee contained in the JDCC 
Deed of Guarantee was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of Deere Capital passed on 30 
May 2002 and 20 December 2017. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has obtained or will obtain from 
time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of the Notes and the giving of the guarantee relating to them. 
Clearing and Settlement of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of 
each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") 
The LEI code of John Deere Cash Management is 54930045CRYTH0OUOH72. 
The LEI code of Deere & Company is PWFTNG3EI0Y73OXWDH08. 
The LEI code of John Deere Bank S.A. is RUOKPID0PZ0UWJYU9J61. 
The LEI code of John Deere Capital Corporation is E0KSF7PFQ210NWI8Z391. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer and/or the 
relevant Guarantor to meet part of their general financing requirements. If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Litigation 
None of the Issuers or the Guarantors nor their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, has been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuers or the Guarantors are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, significant effects on the financial

--- Page 129 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
position or profitability of any of the Issuers or the Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole. 
No significant change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash 
Management and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, nor has there been any significant change 
in the financial position or performance of Deere Luxembourg or Deere Cash Management and their 
respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which has occurred since 31 October 2021. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Deere or Deere Capital and their respective 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole since 31 October 2021. There has been no significant change in the financial 
position or performance of Deere or Deere Capital and their respective subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which 
has occurred since 30 January 2022. 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the following as 
stated in their report incorporated by reference herein: the consolidated financial statements of Deere as of 
and for each of the years ended 31 October 2021 and 1 November 2020. 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the following as 
stated in their report incorporated by reference herein: the consolidated financial statements of Deere 
Capital as of and for each of the years ended 31 October 2021 and 1 November 2020. 
The consolidated financial statements of Deere and Deere Capital have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting standards generally accepted in the United States of America. 
Approved Independent and External Auditors 
The Deere Luxembourg 2021 Financial Statements and the Deere Cash Management 2021 Financial 
Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been audited by Deloitte Audit, Société 
à responsabilité limitée (formerly Deloitte S.A.) (members of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) 
approved and external statutory auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agréés), as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Deere Luxembourg 2020 Financial Statements and the Deere Cash Management 2020 Financial 
Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been audited by Deloitte Audit, Société 
à responsabilité limitée (formerly Deloitte S.A.) (members of the Instiut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) 
approved and external statutory auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agréés), as stated in their reports 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Deere Luxembourg 2021 Financial Statements, Deere Luxembourg 2020 Financial Statements, Deere 
Cash Management 2021 Financial Statements and Deere Cash Management 2020 Financial Statements 
have each been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, electronic copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected and are available 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and at the Specified Office of the 
Paying Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the memorandum and articles of association of each of the Issuers and Guarantors; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deeds of Guarantee; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the programme manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and

--- Page 130 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
(f) 
the Base Prospectus and its future supplements (if any) and any Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are listed on any stock exchange and copies of which are obtainable at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent. (In the case of any Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies 
of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders who 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the relevant Guarantor, and the Fiscal 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, together with the documents in (a) to (e) above, will 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/25250/documents and will be available for the life of the Base Prospectus. 
Financial information available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, electronic copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of (i) the most recent publicly available audited consolidated 
financial statements (if any) of Deere, Deere Capital and Deere Luxembourg and/or (ii) the most recent 
publicly available audited unconsolidated financial statements (if any) of Deere Cash Management, in each 
case beginning with such financial statements for the years ended (in the case of Deere and Deere Capital) 
1 November 2020 and 31 October 2021 and (in the case of Deere Luxembourg and Deere Cash 
Management) 1 November 2020 and 31 October 2021 may be obtained during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
Listing agent information 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Websites 
Any website referred to in this document does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
Foreign Language 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their own original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to 
them under applicable law. 
Dealers' Activities 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 131 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS 
Deere & Company 
One John Deere Place 
Moline, Illinois 61265 
United States of America 
John Deere Bank S.A. 
43, avenue John F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
John Deere Cash Management 
43, avenue John F. Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
John Deere Capital Corporation 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
United States of America 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Barclays Bank PLC 
5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 132 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
One Basinghall Avenue 
London EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris - 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TRANSFER AGENTS 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris - 2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantors as to English 
law and as to certain aspects of U.S. law: 
To the Issuers and the Guarantors as to 
Luxembourg law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
10 boulevard G.D. Charlotte 
B.P.1147, L-1011 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
To the Issuers and the Guarantors as to U.S. tax 
law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Kirkland & Ellis LLP 
300 North LaSalle 
Chicago, Illinois 60654 
United States of America 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS 
Deloitte Audit,  
Société à responsabilité limitée 
(formerly Deloitte S.A.) 
20 Boulevard de Kockelscheuer 
L-1821 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
111 S. Wacker Dr. 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
United States of America