--- Page 1 ---
C-1 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) relating to issues of 
non-equity securities (“Non-Equity Securities”) within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation 
under the Programme (as defined below) by Deutsche Wohnen SE. 
 
Deutsche Wohnen SE 
(incorporated in Germany as a European stock corporation) 
€10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference therein, the “Base 
Prospectus”) Deutsche Wohnen SE, Berlin, Germany (the “Issuer” or the “Company”, and together with its fully 
consolidated subsidiaries from time to time, the “Group”, “Deutsche Wohnen” or “Deutsche Wohnen Group”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated 
bearer notes in a minimum denomination of €100,000.00 per Note (together the “Notes”). The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes issued under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) 
outstanding will not at any time exceed €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue 
prices and maturities of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Series and, if 
applicable, Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see “1 General description of the Programme“) will be set 
out in the document containing the final terms (each “Final Terms”) within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and are being offered and sold in transactions outside the United States of America (“United States”) 
to non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) in reliance on Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Prospective investors should be aware that an investment in the Notes involves risks and that if certain 
risks, in particular those described under “Risk Factors”, occur, the investors may lose all or a very 
substantial part of their investment. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the “CSSF”) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. By approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6 para. 4 of the Loi relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). The regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
C-2 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together 
with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
on the website of the Group (www.deutsche-wohnen.com) under the “Investor Relations” section. This Base Prospectus 
is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of March 25, 2022. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy Notes in any 
jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may, subject to certain exceptions, not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a 
further description of certain restrictions on the offering and sale of Notes, see “8.2 Selling Restrictions“ below. 
Arranger 
 
Deutsche Bank  
 
 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is March 25, 2021

--- Page 3 ---
-i- 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer is solely responsible for the information given in, and incorporated by reference into, 
this Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. The Issuer 
hereby declares that the information which is contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible, is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import. This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with all 
information incorporated herein by reference. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto and any other 
information incorporated by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus has been provided by the Issuer and the other 
sources identified herein. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no representation or warranty is made 
or implied by the the Arranger or any Dealer (each as defined in “1 General Description of the 
Programme“), or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Arranger, any Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates make any representation or warranty or accept any responsibility, as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, or any supplement hereto, or any 
Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by reference, for any statement purported to be 
made by or on behalf of the Arranger or the Dealers. Investors in the Notes must solely rely on the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorized to provide any information or to make any representation 
concerning Deutsche Wohnen or the Notes (other than as contained in this Base Prospectus) and, if 
provided or made, any such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorized by Deutsche Wohnen, the Arranger, any Dealer, or their respective affiliates. In making an 
investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, Deutsche Wohnen, and 
the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. Any decision to purchase Notes must 
solely be based on this Base Prospectus any supplement hereto and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Arranger and the Dealers that this Base Prospectus is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein 
are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the 
Issuer, the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement herein or 
opinions or intentions expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accept any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statements made or purported to 
be made by the Arranger or any Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the Notes. 
Accordingly, the Arranger and the Dealers disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or 
contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. 
The Arranger and the Dealers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no other person in 
connection with the offering of the Notes. They will not regard any other person (whether or not a 
recipient of this document) as their client in relation to the offering of the Notes and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective 
clients or for giving advice in relation to the offering or any transaction or arrangement referred to 
herein. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of Notes shall, in 
any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true

--- Page 4 ---
-ii- 
 
subsequent to the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been published or most recently amended 
or supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer after 
the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which are deemed to be 
incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers, or any of their respective representatives, is 
making any representation to any offeree or purchaser of Notes regarding the legality of an investment 
in the Notes by such offeree or purchaser under the laws applicable to such offeree or purchaser. 
Prospective investors should not construe anything in this Base Prospectus as legal, tax, business or 
financial advice. Each investor should consult with his or her own advisors as to the legal, tax, business, 
financial and related aspects of purchases of Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to U.S. persons; see “8.2 Selling Restrictions“. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) hereto nor any Final Terms may be used 
for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an 
offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of this Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the “Terms and Conditions”) is English. Deutsche Wohnen SE’s consolidated financial statements as 
of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, referred to in the section “11 Documents 
Incorporated By Reference“ are translations of the German-language consolidated financial statements. 
The independent auditor’s reports referred to in the section “11 Documents Incorporated By 
Reference“ are translations of the German-language independent auditor’s reports issued on the 
German-language combined management reports and consolidated financial statements and refer to the 
combined management reports and consolidated financial statements as a whole. The binding language 
of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final Terms. 
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, under national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto and any Final Terms reflect the status as of 
their  respective dates of publications. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for

--- Page 5 ---
-iii- 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / Target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, where 
such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus contains assessments of market data and information derived therefrom 
which could not be obtained from any independent sources. Such information is based on the Issuer’s 
own internal assessments and may therefore deviate from the assessments of competitors of Deutsche 
Wohnen or future statistics by independent sources. As regards the market positions of Deutsche 
Wohnen, Deutsche Wohnen’s own estimations are mainly based on company data which is either 
derived from information by competitors or from data provided by independent research companies. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of

--- Page 6 ---
-iv- 
 
the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Canadian Investors 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 
33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with any such offering. 
Notification under Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the “SFA”) 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR’S 
REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated 
by reference to the EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “1 General Description of the 
Programme“) of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end

--- Page 7 ---
-v- 
 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of 
any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking 
statement is a statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses 
or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These 
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “anticipates”, 
“believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may, ““plans”, “predicts”, “projects”, “targets” and 
similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and 
expectations regarding Deutsche Wohnen’s business and management, its growth and profitability, and 
general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and 
assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, 
including Deutsche Wohnen’s financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from 
and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-
looking statements. Deutsche Wohnen’s business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual developments to differ from the forward-looking statements, estimates or 
predictions in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the sections 
“2 Risk Factors“ and “6 Description of the Issuer“ as well as the information on the Deutsche Wohnen 
Group incorporated by reference herein as described in the section “11 Documents Incorporated By 
Reference“, because these include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on 
Deutsche Wohnen’s business and the markets in which it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties 
and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, neither the 
Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
SOURCES OF MARKET DATA 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Base Prospectus on the 
market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets 
in which Deutsche Wohnen operates are based on the Issuer’s assessments. These assessments, in turn, 
are based in part on internal observations of the market and on various market studies. 
Irrespective of the assumption of responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus by the 
Issuer, the Issuer has not independently verified the figures, market data or other information on which 
third parties have based their studies. Accordingly, the Issuer makes no representation or warranty as 
to the accuracy of any such information from third-party studies included or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should note that the Issuer’s own estimates and statements 
of opinion and belief are not always based on studies of third parties.

--- Page 8 ---
-vi- 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................... 1 
1.1 
General ......................................................................................................................................1 
1.2 
Prospectus .................................................................................................................................1 
1.3 
Issue of Notes ............................................................................................................................1 
1.4 
Distribution of Notes .................................................................................................................2 
1.5 
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading ..............................................................................2 
2 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 3 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group ................................................................................3 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the Notes .....................................................................................................25 
3 
ISSUE PROCEDURES......................................................................................................... 33 
3.1 
General ....................................................................................................................................33 
3.2 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions...............................................................................33 
3.3 
Documentation of the Conditions ...........................................................................................33 
3.4 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders ........................................................33 
4 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................ 35 
5 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................... 167 
6 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.................................................................................... 186 
6.1 
General Information on Deutsche Wohnen SE and the Deutsche Wohnen Group ...............186 
6.2 
Principal Activities of the Issuer ...........................................................................................187 
6.3 
Key Indicators .......................................................................................................................196 
6.4 
Capital Structure ...................................................................................................................199 
6.5 
Litigation ...............................................................................................................................201 
6.6 
Material Agreements .............................................................................................................201 
6.7 
Management and Supervision ...............................................................................................205 
6.8 
Recent Developments ...........................................................................................................207 
6.9 
Trend Information and No Adverse Change .........................................................................207 
7 
USE OF PROCEEDS.......................................................................................................... 208 
8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................ 209 
8.1 
Subscription ..........................................................................................................................209 
8.2 
Selling Restrictions ...............................................................................................................209 
9 
TAXATION WARNING .................................................................................................... 212 
10 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 213 
10.1 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus ....................................................................................213 
10.2 
Authorization ........................................................................................................................213 
10.3 
Clearing Systems...................................................................................................................213 
10.4 
Legal Entity Identifier ...........................................................................................................214 
10.5 
Ratings of the Issuer ..............................................................................................................214 
10.6 
Documents Available ............................................................................................................214 
11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................... 215 
11.1 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2020 (IFRS) .........................................................................................215

--- Page 9 ---
-vii- 
 
11.2 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2019 (IFRS) .........................................................................................215

--- Page 10 ---
-1- 
 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1.1 
General 
Under the Programme , Deutsche Wohnen, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Notes to one or more of the following Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft , Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, J.P. Morgan AG, 
UBS AG, London Branch and UniCredit Bank AG and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis (together, the “Dealers”). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany] 
(“Deutsche Bank”) is acting as arranger in respect of the Programme (the “Arranger”). 
Deutsche Bank will also act as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and paying agent (the “Paying 
Agent”). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the “Programme Amount”). 
The Issuer may increase the Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined herein) from time to time. 
1.2 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
and associated Final Terms; or (2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation 
to Notes not admitted to trading on a regulated market of any member state of the EEA, in such form as 
agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
“Specific Prospectus” means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued 
under the Programme and having terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus as Option I or 
Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain parts of this Base Prospectus and which 
constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, including any 
documents which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as such 
Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
1.3 
Issue of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (the “Fixed Rate 
Notes”) or floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the Final Terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the “Issue Price”) equal to their principal amount 
or at a discount or premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche 
issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will 
be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the 
placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above 
such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price.

--- Page 11 ---
-2- 
 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, €100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other 
currency at least equivalent to €100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or 
any other currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if 
any, the Issue Price and maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) method, which determines the effective interest rate of Notes 
taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a 
“Temporary Global Note”). Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a “Permanent Global Note”) on or after the date 
40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date (the “Exchange 
Date”), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
1.4 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes may only be 
offered to qualified investors in accordance with applicable law. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, 
including those for the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore (see 
“8.2 Selling Restrictions“). 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” and/or “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
1.5 
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market “Bourse de Luxembourg”, appearing on 
the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated markets published by ESMA for 
the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject to the 
notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may 
be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
-3- 
 
2 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully 
review and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below materialize, this may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders’ equity, assets, financial position and results of 
operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Deutsche Wohnen Group. 
Moreover, if any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the 
likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes (the 
“Holders”, and each a “Holder”) issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders 
of Notes issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the 
Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued under the Programme for other unknown reasons 
than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not presently aware could also affect 
the business operations of the Group and have a material adverse effect on its business activities, 
financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In 
each category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in 
this section. 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group 
2.1.1 
Risks Relating to Deutsche Wohnen’s Industry 
2.1.1.1 
The German real estate market and Deutsche Wohnen’s business may be negatively affected 
by changes in general economic and business conditions. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s core business is the management and development of residential properties 
as well as the sale of apartments or portfolios in the Federal Republic of Germany (“Germany”). The 
Group relies significantly on rental income. Therefore, Deutsche Wohnen’s performance depends 
largely on the in-place rents currently generated and its ability to generate these in-place rents in the 
future, the expenses the Group incurs in generating such rents, the generated or achievable proceeds 
from disposals, and the value of its properties. These performance factors and the value of the properties 
are subject to general economic and business conditions. 
At the moment, numerous factors are contributing to the considerable uncertainty concerning 
the economic situation going forward. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 first 
identified in December 2019 and its associated disease (“COVID-19”) has negatively impacted the 
global economy, disrupted global supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial 
markets, and increased unemployment levels (see also below “2.1.1.2 The German real estate market 
and Deutsche Wohnen’s business may be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic.“)). In Europe, potential future changes to monetary policy, renewed doubts about the future

--- Page 13 ---
-4- 
 
of the Eurozone, political uncertainty arising from populist movements, insufficient deleveraging in the 
private and public sectors, a halt in implementing structural and financial reforms and an elevated level 
of political uncertainty could adversely affect Deutsche Wohnen’s operations.  
Given Deutsche Wohnen’s dependence on its ability to access financial markets for the 
refinancing of its debt liabilities, the continued instability or a further deterioration of the economic 
environment or the capital markets may reduce Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to refinance its existing and 
future liabilities. Furthermore, Deutsche Wohnen’s counterparties, in particular its hedging 
counterparties, may not be able to fulfill their obligations under the respective agreements due to a lack 
of liquidity, operational failure or bankruptcy. Furthermore, the creditworthiness of tenants and potential 
real estate purchasers could deteriorate. When tenants’ creditworthiness deteriorates, if they lose their 
jobs, for example, tenants may be unable to meet their payment obligations under the agreed rent and 
the agreed incidental costs, and/or they might be forced to terminate their leases with Deutsche Wohnen, 
which may result in a decline of rental income. Moreover, due to the factors described above, it is 
possible that lower demand from potential tenants and purchasers of residential properties could follow 
if the economy in Germany faces another downturn, or, if a slowdown in economic growth occurs, 
causing higher unemployment and stagnation or even a decline in real incomes due to additional pressure 
from increases in taxes, energy prices and the cost of living. Additionally, demographic developments 
or local employment conditions in certain regions where Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio is concentrated 
may affect the real estate market, particularly the demand for housing. In addition to the loss of agreed 
rents, vacancies may increase. In that case, it is possible that the apartments may not be re-let on the 
original terms, or that this is only possible after making additional investments to maintain or re-establish 
the attractiveness of the property. 
Worsening business and general economic conditions could impair the future performance of 
Deutsche Wohnen with regard to the real estate management business, single-unit sales (residential unit 
privatizations), block sales (institutional sales) and acquisitions, and may have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.1.2 
The German real estate market and Deutsche Wohnen’s business may be negatively affected 
by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health 
concerns, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further 
expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of 
workplaces, or curfews or other social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect on the 
global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Group 
operates in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the 
duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of 
measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure 
and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) 
required to implement effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national and 
regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee that 
such measures, or a combination thereof, are or will be effective means to combat such an outbreak and 
the implications resulting therefrom, which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk for the Group. 
Although as of the date of this Base Prospectus the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the 
German residential property market and the business of the Group have been limited, significant 
uncertainties remain with respect to the future development of the COVID-19 pandemic and its 
consequences for the Group. While in several countries, including Germany, vaccinations have started 
in January 2021, it is unclear if and when a sufficient basic immunisation among the population will be 
reached. Further, only recently several mutations of the COVID-19 virus have emerged which appear to 
be more contagious and hazardous. It is also unclear whether the vaccines currently available provide 
for the same degree of protection agains these new variants as against the variant of the COVID-19 virus 
on the basis of which they were originally developed. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict whether and

--- Page 14 ---
-5- 
 
to which extent the social distancing measures implemented by countries around the world to slow the 
spread of COVID-19 will have to be maintained or re-enacted in the future. Even assuming that the 
spread of the COVID-19 virus can be effectively reduced on a long-lasting basis in the near future, its 
overall effects on the real economoy can still not be reliably foreseen. In particular, as economic activity 
has been drastically reduced for several months, and partially still is, many businesses could be be forced 
to close, leading to a dramatic increase in unemployment. As businesses and unemployed workers would 
no longer have the income to pay their outstanding debts, the number of defaults could significantly 
increase. Such developments could have a number of effects on the Group’s business, including the 
following: 
 Some tenants in the Group’s properties could find it increasingly difficult to pay their rent, 
thereby leading to an increase in late payment, reduced demand from owner-occupiers, retail 
buy-to-let and institutional investors, particularly if banks reduce their mortgage lending 
activities as a result of an increase in the rate of mortgage or other credit defaults; 
 Other tenants in the Group’s properties may no longer be able to afford to pay rent at all and be 
forced to move out, thereby further reducing the Group’s income stream. Moreover, if 
unemployment is widespread, the Group may not be able to find tenants to take the place of 
those that had to move out. As a result, the Group may be confronted with having to endure 
either a higher rate of vacancies or lower rental prices at its properties. 
 In light of the expected payment difficulties of private individuals and companies as a result of 
the pandemic, the German legislator has enacted certain legislative amendments: As part of 
these measures, rental agreements can until June 30, 2022 no longer be terminated by the 
landlord solely based on a default in rental payments in the period from April 1, 2020 to June 
30, 2020, if the failure to pay is due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, with 
respect to commercial rental agreements, the German legislator introduced a statutory 
assumption that if the use of the rented space by the tenant is substantially restricted due to 
governmental measures deployed to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, the basis 
(Geschäftsgrundlage) of such rental agreement has materially changed which may lead to 
adjustments of the rent to be paid under the contract. It cannot be excluded, that the German 
legislator will adopt additional measures which could further limit landlord’s rights vis-à-vis 
their tenants. 
 As regards the Group’s properties for sale, lower economic activity could also make it more 
difficult to sell properties at the price expected by the Group or at all. If the Group cannot sell 
certain properties, it would be forced to pay the cost of upkeep without the possibility of 
recouping such costs in a later sale. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the 
resulting economic implications could have material negative effects on the valuation of real 
estate properties and therefore on the assets of the Group. 
 As a result of increased levels of defaults, banks may have reduced liquidity, which could make 
it harder for the Group to obtain the financing it requires to pursue its acquisition and 
development strategies or even for its regular operations. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic nursing and assisted living facilities have turned out to be 
frequent sources of infection, often due to violations of the respective protective and hygiene 
concepts by employees. Such incidents have placed nursing and assisted living facilities in the 
focus of public attention and, in the public perception, made them subject of general suspicion. 
Therefore, possible COVID-19 infections of residents living in our nursing and assisted living 
facilities could have a negative impact on the reputation of our business field Nursing and 
Assisted Living irrespective of any misbehaviour by Deutsche Wohnen’s employees. 
 New development projects and modernization works might see temporarily delays due to 
lockdown measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state

--- Page 15 ---
-6- 
 
authorities, delays of and difficulties with the supply of raw materials as well as possible 
limitations of construction workers permitted on site. 
The materialization of any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.1.3 
The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by low interest rates and any rise 
in interest rates could have material adverse effects on the German real estate market and on 
Deutsche Wohnen. 
One of the tools used to support economic development in the past was a lowering of interest 
rates. While low interest rates have generally not yet led to the desired levels of inflation, they have 
benefitted the Eurozone economies and supported demand for real estate, particularly as a result of the 
availability of inexpensive financing. The benign interest rate environment has also had a positive impact 
on real estate valuations, as it tends to result in an increase of the value of future cash flows. A change 
in the interest rate policy by the European Central Bank may result in higher discount and capitalization 
rates and have a negative impact on the fair value of Deutsche Wohnen’s real estate portfolio. It can also 
negatively affect the willingness of potential buyers to make real estate purchases and therefore constrain 
Deutsche Wohnen’s disposal business. Additionally, financial institutions may require that borrowers 
meet more stringent requirements with regard to creditworthiness. This could lead potential buyers of 
residential properties to refrain from purchasing real estate due to worse financing terms or restricted 
availability of credit. A significant increase in real estate loan interest rates and more stringent borrower 
qualification requirements may also require Deutsche Wohnen to postpone scheduled investments and 
delay, due to market conditions, planned disposals. Besides this, any such increase in the interest rate 
levels may permanently impair Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to finance real estate portfolio acquisitions 
through debt and may generally impact the Group’s ability to refinance its liabilities. Consequently, 
Deutsche Wohnen may be forced to sell real estate portfolios at substantial discounts, due in large part 
to difficult financing conditions experienced by buyers, which may be further exacerbated by an increase 
in persons selling real estate assets, including Deutsche Wohnen’s competitors. As a result, Deutsche 
Wohnen may be exposed to the risk of a reduction in the fair value of its total real estate portfolio and 
may be required to recognize the corresponding losses from the resulting fair value adjustments of the 
Group’s investment properties in its consolidated profit and loss statement. 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net 
assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.1.4 
Deutsche Wohnen is dependent on developments in its regional key markets, particularly in 
the Greater Berlin area. 
As of December 31, 2020, 96% of Deutsche Wohnen’s total residential real estate portfolio, 
based on the Group’s fair value, was concentrated in selected “Core+” regions. The “Core+” regions 
comprise what company management believes are the most dynamic rental markets within Deutsche 
Wohnen’s portfolio with considerable rental growth. The Core+ regions include Greater Berlin, 
Dresden/Leipzig, Frankfurt, Hanover/Brunswick and Cologne/Dusseldorf. One Core+ region of 
particular importance for Deutsche Wohnen is Greater Berlin where, as of December 31, 2020, 
approximately 76% of Deutsche Wohnen’s total residential real estate portfolio, based on the Group’s 
fair value, were located. The general demographic and economic conditions and the development of 
such conditions in these growth regions are of significant importance for Deutsche Wohnen’s business 
and future prospects. The key factors in this respect include demand, demographic structure, tenant 
creditworthiness, purchasing power of the population, attractiveness of the particular locations, the labor 
market situation, infrastructure, social structure and other factors influencing supply and demand for real 
estate in the respective locations and markets. In particular, economic studies forecast that demographic 
change, including a shrinking and aging population, will cause the nationwide demand in Germany for 
accommodation to fall in the long term, although the total number of households is expected to grow 
due to a trend towards smaller household sizes. These factors significantly impact, among other things, 
the rents Deutsche Wohnen is able to charge as well as the payment behavior of Deutsche Wohnen’s

--- Page 16 ---
-7- 
 
tenants and further have a significant effect on vacancy rates, Deutsche Wohnen’s earnings and the 
valuation of Deutsche Wohnen’s properties. Accordingly, Deutsche Wohnen is subject to economic and 
demographic developments in Greater Berlin and its other Core+ regions. 
Unfavorable developments in the real estate market of the Greater Berlin area and the other 
regional markets where Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio is located may have a material adverse effect on 
the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.1.5 
Deutsche Wohnen may not be able to acquire properties on attractive terms. 
As part of its business strategy, Deutsche Wohnen seeks to capture external growth opportunities 
by acquiring residential and nursing real estate portfolios and properties with appreciation and/or rent-
increase potential in economically attractive regions at reasonable prices, with good tenant structure, in 
high-quality locations and at favorable occupancy rates. Further, Deutsche Wohnen constantly screens 
the market for selective development projects that best match its focus in terms of geography and 
property type as well as portfolio strategy. Consequently, the success of the Group’s business model 
also depends on its ability to efficiently integrate, manage and develop newly acquired properties and 
land plots in its total portfolio. 
Current market conditions make it difficult to conclude real estate transactions at conditions 
similar to those in the past. The German real estate market is characterized by a high level of demand as 
German property prices in recent years were considered relatively attractive when compared to 
properties in other countries. As a result, many investors, including numerous foreign investors, have 
increasingly purchased German residential real estate. The high level of investor interest in German real 
estate partially as a consequence of the perceived security in investing in real estate assets and the 
ongoing low level of interest rates have caused residential real estate prices to increase in the past. In 
particular with respect to residential properties, so far neither the COVID-19 pandemic nor, with respect 
to Berlin, the introduction of the rent cap (Mietendeckel – see also “2.1.4.1 Deutsche Wohnen’s ability 
to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already extensive and could be 
further tightened in the future.“) appear to have led to an end of this development, but rather prices for 
residential properties in Germany (including Berlin) have continued to increase throughout the year 2020.  
If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to acquire suitable properties at attractive terms in the future, the 
Group’s external growth potential may be limited.  
If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to obtain the necessary capital on the capital markets at attractive 
terms, the Group might be unable to make further acquisitions, or might be able to do so only to a limited 
extent or, if debt financing is available, may only be able to do so by taking on additional debt. Moreover, 
any additional debt raised in connection with future acquisitions may have a significant negative effect 
on the Group’s loan-to-value ratio (“LTV Ratio”, i.e., the ratio of total net financial liabilities to the 
value of investment properties plus non-current assets held for sale and land and buildings held for sale), 
and, in particular with respect to acquisitions for project development purposes, its net debt-to-EBITDA 
ratio (“Net Debt-to-EBITDA Ratio”, i.e., the ratio of total net financial liabilities to Group EBITDA 
excluding disposal gains). If Deutsche Wohnen Group is no longer able to obtain the debt or equity 
financing that is necessary to acquire additional real estate portfolios, or if the Group is able to do so 
only on onerous terms, its business development and competitiveness may be severely constrained in 
the future. 
The materialization of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche 
Wohnen’s net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.1.6 
Sales prices of Deutsche Wohnen residential properties may come under pressure from 
competition and other factors. 
The success of Deutsche Wohnen’s disposals segment depends on its ability to sell residential 
units earmarked for disposal prices that exceed their respective book values net of tax. The profit from

--- Page 17 ---
-8- 
 
such disposals is influenced primarily by the prices Deutsche Wohnen can realize in the residential real 
estate market, which are affected by various supply and demand factors. 
Should the supply of residential properties increase, such increase could put pressure on sales 
prices, particularly in the local markets in which Deutsche Wohnen owns residential real estate. In 
addition to increased supply, pressure on sales prices may also result from a decline in demand or a 
combination of these two factors. As private individuals in Germany frequently purchase real estate as 
a component of retirement planning, their investment in residential properties in Germany has become 
an increasingly important part of the market. But if real estate is considered to be less attractive as a 
component of retirement planning in the future, or if it becomes less favorable economically due to, for 
example, changes in taxation, the legal and regulatory framework or economic conditions, demand for 
residential properties among potential purchasers may decrease, and, consequently, it might only be 
possible to sell residential properties at lower prices. For instance, recent legislative reforms to limit rent 
increases and to regulate the rent for new contracts, referred to as Mietendeckel or “rent cap”, may reduce 
the economic attractiveness of investing in residential properties (see also “2.1.4.1 Deutsche Wohnen’s 
ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already extensive and 
could be further tightened in the future.“). Overall, lower sales prices for Deutsche Wohnen’s residential 
properties would reduce the Group’s earnings or may even cause the Group to incur losses. 
Lower sales prices may also require the Company to adjust the fair value of its total real estate 
portfolio on its consolidated balance sheet, and to record losses from the resulting fair value adjustments 
of its investment properties in its consolidated profit-and-loss statement for the respective accounting 
period. 
Moreover, the absence of a liquid real estate market may temporarily make the sale of properties 
in some locations entirely impossible. Further increases in real estate transfer tax (Grunderwerbssteuer) 
(“RETT”) rates may likewise have a negative impact on liquidity and demand for real estate. In addition, 
lower sales prices for real estate or a decline in sales would also lead to lower cash inflows, which may 
adversely affect net assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and 
results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen Group. 
2.1.2 
Risks Relating to Deutsche Wohnen’s Business 
2.1.2.1 
Deutsche Wohnen may suffer a loss of in-place rents, higher vacancy rates and may be unable 
to find or retain suitable and solvent tenants. Vacancies may also prevent Deutsche Wohnen 
from passing on fixed operating costs to tenants. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s commercial success depends significantly on the Group’s ability to 
maintain and increase its rental income. 
The amount of current gross rental income Deutsche Wohnen can generate and the Group’s 
ability to increase its in-place rents from existing tenants depend on several factors. These factors include 
the demand for residential and commercial properties, the customary local re-letting rent, the condition 
and location of the property, modernization measures undertaken, including their scope, as well as tenant 
turnover. Moreover, when setting the in-place rent levels for its residential properties, Deutsche Wohnen 
is subject to the restrictions of German landlord-tenant laws, as well as, where applicable, conditions 
imposed because of the Group having received public subsidies, or restrictions under privatization 
agreements. Further, in certain cases where an increase of in-place rents from existing tenants would be 
legally possible, Deutsche Wohnen may not be able to implement such increases due to its commitment 
to social responsibility and the handling of hardship cases. Therefore, Deutsche Wohnen might not be 
able to maintain or increase in-place rents in a manner or to the extent that would be in its economic 
interest or reflect market prices. Even if increased modernization costs were to merit higher in-place 
rents from a commercial perspective, the Group may not be able to impose such increases in the in-place 
rents. Based on current legislation, without consideration of the Mietendeckel or rent cap (see also 
“2.1.4.1 Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions

--- Page 18 ---
-9- 
 
are already extensive and could be further tightened in the future.“), only up to 8% of the costs incurred 
for modernization measures (minus the costs that would be necessary for maintenance measures) may 
be charged to the annual rent. Lower demand for housing may lead to higher vacancies and result in 
lower in-place rents. Vacancies resulting in reduced in-place rents also occur when apartments must or 
should be refurbished and thus cannot be rented out. Lower demand for housing may also force the 
Group to lease its apartments on less favorable terms or to tenants who pose a greater risk of rent losses 
due to reduced creditworthiness. 
If tenants fail to meet their rent payment obligations in whole or in part (e.g., due to a 
deterioration of their economic situation because of a job loss), or if larger numbers of tenants terminate 
their rental agreements without the Group being able to re-let the property within a reasonably short 
period of time or only at lower rent levels, the rental income could be significantly lower than originally 
estimated, while Deutsche Wohnen’s operating costs might remain largely fixed or might even increase. 
Deutsche Wohnen could therefore sustain losses in current gross rental income, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the funds from operations (“FFO”). To the extent that the Company is in fact 
able to re-let an apartment, there is a risk that it might no longer be able to do so on the original terms, 
or might be able to do so only after making an additional investment to maintain or re-establish the 
attractiveness of the property. Failure to find and retain suitable tenants may prevent Deutsche Wohnen 
from maintaining its current vacancy rate or renting vacant space or force Deutsche Wohnen to reduce 
the rent it demands from current and future tenants. Also, Deutsche Wohnen’s profits may be adversely 
affected by its inability to pass on fixed operating costs for vacant space, including local taxes and 
service charges, and Deutsche Wohnen would have to bear such costs until the affected rental space is 
fully rented again. 
The Company may also experience a loss of in-place rents, rent reductions and increased 
vacancies in situations where, for example, the properties are situated in undesirable locations (either as 
a result of social or economic conditions) or where there is only limited demand for housing given the 
local market conditions, resulting in a decline in total current gross rental income. Deutsche Wohnen is 
required to conduct its real estate management business in such a manner that the properties are 
maintained in the condition as required by the leases and by law. If this is not possible and if the required 
maintenance measures are not performed on time or at all, in-place rents may decline. Additionally, 
Deutsche Wohnen may experience a shortfall in income through a planned vacancy if it decides to 
refurbish or sell a property. 
All of these factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on revenue 
and earnings, and thus have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of 
operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.2.2 
Deutsche Wohnen Group is exposed to risks related to the structural condition of the 
properties and their maintenance and modernization. 
Deutsche Wohnen owns many properties that are over 40 years old. Many of Deutsche 
Wohnen’s real estate portfolios have been inspected prior to purchase in the course of a due diligence 
investigation with respect to their structural condition and, to the extent necessary, the existence of 
harmful environmental impacts. It is possible, however, that damage or quality defects may remain 
entirely undiscovered, or that the scope of such problems is not fully apparent in the course of the due 
diligence investigation, and/or that defects become apparent only at a later point in time. In general, 
sellers exclude all liability for concealed defects. If liability for such concealed defects has not been fully 
excluded, it is possible that the representations and warranties made in the purchase agreement with 
respect to the property failed to cover all risks relating to the acquisition. Regarding older property in 
the overall portfolio, no comprehensive investigation or review was undertaken as to the existence of 
harmful environmental contamination. As a result, it is possible that significant environmental 
contamination, e.g., resulting from the use of construction materials containing asbestos, was inherited 
and yet not recognized in the older property. Deutsche Wohnen may be exposed to financial liability for 
any required remediation measures.

--- Page 19 ---
-10- 
 
Additionally, Deutsche Wohnen may be exposed to unexpected problems or unrecognized risks, 
such as delays in the implementation of maintenance, refurbishment or modernization measures in 
connection with acquired real estate portfolios, against which it might not have been contractually 
protected. As a result, Deutsche Wohnen may be unable to lease a property as planned, effectuate 
increases in the rent or sell residential units. The Group’s financial condition may deteriorate, and the 
value of the acquired assets may decline. 
After acquiring properties, Deutsche Wohnen strives to maintain rented properties in a good 
condition. For this reason, and also to avoid the loss of value, the Group has to undertake maintenance 
and modernization measures. In addition, modernization of properties may be necessary to increase their 
appeal or to meet changing legal requirements (such as the intensification of the Energy Saving 
Ordinance (Energieeinsparverordnung)). Such measures can be large-scale and expensive. In this 
context, the German government has announced the political aim to reach a climate-neutral total building 
stock in Germany by 2050 which will require significant investments in building envelopes and facility 
technology. The allocation of these costs between landlords, tenants and the German state, however, is 
still unclear. As a result, risks may arise in the form of higher-than-planned costs or unforeseen 
additional expenses for maintenance or modernization that cannot be passed on to the property’s 
respective tenants. Moreover, the actual corresponding work may be delayed, for example, by reason of 
bad weather, poor performance or insolvency of contractors, or the discovery of unforeseen structural 
defects. 
The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.2.3 
Deutsche Wohnen could be exposed to risks relating to its project development business. 
In recent years, Deutsche Wohnen has significantly grown its project development business, for 
example by acquiring Munich-based ISARIA Wohnbau AG’s development business and a 40% stake in 
the Leipzig-based development company QUARTERBACK Immobilien AG (“Quarterback” and, 
together with its subsidiaries, the “Quarterback Group”) in August 2020. As of December 31, 2020, 
Deutsche Wohnen holds project development properties (excluding its particiaption in Quarterback) 
with expected total investment costs of approximately €4.1 billion. Deutsche Wohnen undertakes these 
developments at its own risk and, due to inherent uncertainties, they may not be profitable. For certain 
of Deutsche Wohnen’s project developments there is no legal basis (in particular no development plan 
(Bebauungsplan)) for building approvals yet and there is a risk that the adoption of such legal basis, in 
particular the related planning approval process, may be delayed. Furthermore, several parameters, such 
as the allocation of development costs, the split between residential and commercial use, the share of 
social housing and the actually available floor space, which may be important for assessment of the 
profitability of the relevant projects, are only determined in the development plan. Other uncertainties 
inherent to the development process include potential incorrect market and competitive assessments, 
incorrect location and project development plans, contamination risks, requirements linked to 
preservation orders or environmental requirements and warranty issues, faces the risk that developments 
it undertakes may not be profitable. Construction defects or defective construction materials or structural 
components can give rise to further risks. 
Deutsche Wohnen and Quarterback, which provides services in relation to Deutsche Wohnen’s 
project developments, are dependent on third-party contractors to provide construction and other 
services for the realization of their development projects. Outsourced services include architectural and 
technical design, concept design and construction. Due to the competitive environment in the German 
construction sector, particularly in Germany’s key metropolitan areas, qualified and reliable construction 
partners are in great demand. If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to find or hire qualified and reliable 
contractors for any of its development projects, the successful and timely completion of projects or with 
the required quality is at risk. Contractors may fail to meet applicable standards and deadlines. If any 
third party fails to provide its services labor, equipment or materials in a timely and/or adequate manner, 
Deutsche Wohnen may be required to source these services or materials at a higher price than anticipated 
and may face material delays at its project sites until it is able to identify appropriate alternative third

--- Page 20 ---
-11- 
 
parties. In addition, third-party contractors can be adversely affected by economic downturns or poor 
management decisions. Deutsche Wohnen may hire a contractor that subsequently becomes insolvent, 
causing cost overruns and project delays and increasing the risk that Deutsche Wohnen will be unable 
to recover costs in relation to any defective work performed by such contractor. 
The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.2.4 
Deutsche Wohnen may face an increase of investment costs.  
Investment costs for both refurbishment works and new construction projects can be 
considerably higher than originally planned due to unexpected costs and delays. Applications for 
planning consent may be delayed because the planning authorities are understaffed. Removing 
contamination or pollution from investments may be more expensive than originally calculated. Due to 
high demand and limited supply it may be difficult to contract suppliers in the construction, craft and 
services sector. Further, service providers in the construction, craft and planning sectors are may be 
suffering from a shortage of qualified personnel. In addition, a high demand for required materials in 
these sectors may lead to an increase of market prices. Furthermore, Deutsche Wohnen may be exposed 
to higher investment costs arising from the non-compliance with obligations from urban development 
contracts. For example, the urban development contract relating to Deutsche Wohnen’s development 
project in Krampnitz provides for obligations to build residential buildings with a certain gross floor 
area in connection with a penalty in the case of non-performance. 
These developments alone, or together, may cause an increase of refurbishment or building costs 
or delays which might result in a lowering of Deutsche Wohnen’s profitability targets or in a 
postponement of intended investments. 
Investment decisions are highly dependent on the current legal and regulatory environment. 
There is a risk when new building standards or restrictions take effect. These changes could have a 
negative impact on return targets. If construction sites are closed or planning consent is withheld, this 
may have an adverse effect because of unexpected costs and delays. Compliance with new legislation 
may lead to additional expenses. 
2.1.2.5 
Deutsche Wohnen may be required to adjust the current values of its investment properties, or 
record lower results from the revaluation of investment properties and therefore recognize 
significant losses. 
Deutsche Wohnen accounts for investment properties at fair value. Fair value is the price that 
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value is primarily 
based on the trend in the real estate market, including regional market developments, as well as on 
general economic conditions and, to a lesser extent, on interest rate levels. Accordingly, there is a risk 
that in the event of a downturn in the real estate market or the general economic situation, Deutsche 
Wohnen will need to revise the values of its total portfolio on the consolidated balance sheet downward. 
Any change in fair value must be recognized in the consolidated profit or loss statement as a gain or loss 
from fair value adjustments. For example, an increase of 0.1 percentage points in the capitalization and 
discount rates that Deutsche Wohnen uses for its investment properties in the Core+ regions would have 
resulted in a decrease of the book value of these investment properties by 2.58% (capitalization rate) 
and 0.84% (discount rate) as of December 31, 2020 (excluding nursing and assisted living facilities and 
development projects). All material fair value adjustments that the Group must undertake could have a 
material adverse effect on the net assets, results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen Group. Furthermore, 
there would be a negative impact on financial metrics, particularly the NAV and LTV Ratio.

--- Page 21 ---
-12- 
 
2.1.2.6 
Any inability to sell residential or commercial units intended for sale in a timely manner and 
at economically attractive prices may have a negative impact on Deutsche Wohnen’s financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In addition to residential real estate management, Deutsche Wohnen also engages in the sale of 
residential or commercial properties. In this respect, the Group distinguishes between single-unit sales 
(residential unit sales to current tenants) and block sales (institutional sales) of entire real estate 
portfolios. Deutsche Wohnen cannot ensure that sales will be carried out in the projected numbers, within 
the projected time frame or on favorable terms. The factors that may affect a possible sale include, 
among other things, the demand for real estate, the creditworthiness of the purchasers and the number 
of competitors. 
If Deutsche Wohnen is unsuccessful in selling residential or commercial properties to the extent 
planned in the future, the Group’s management of unsold or especially partially sold properties would 
consume greater administrative resources because, for example, the management of residential housing 
units would become necessary and the management of the individual remaining residential units would 
be less efficient. Moreover, maintenance and/or refurbishment measures may extend over a longer 
period of time than originally planned which, among other things, may lead to higher costs and lower 
sales prices and, consequently, increase the risk of a decline in value during such time. Significant price 
reductions in the course of further sales may reduce the profit margin on apartment or portfolio sales, or 
even cause that margin to turn negative. 
2.1.2.7 
If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to generate positive cash flows from its operating activities, the 
Group may be forced to sell properties. Due to the potentially illiquid nature of the real estate 
market, Deutsche Wohnen may not be able to sell portions of its portfolio on favorable terms 
or even at all. 
Deutsche Wohnen invests predominantly in real estate for which there is a market with limited 
liquidity. In principle, the ability to sell portions of the total portfolio depends on the liquidity of the 
investment markets. In order to service its debt (amortization and interest) and to undertake necessary 
investments, Deutsche Wohnen must generate positive cash flows from operating and investing 
activities including new developments. The Group generally generates such cash flows from in-place 
rents, through proceeds from disposals, and from its nursing and assisted living business. If Deutsche 
Wohnen is unable to generate positive cash flows from its operating activities in the future, the Group 
may be forced to sell apartments irrespective of the market situation. If Deutsche Wohnen were forced 
to sell portions of the total portfolio, the Group may only be able to conclude the sale at unfavorable 
terms, if at all. In the case of a forced sale, there would likely be a significant shortfall between the fair 
value of a property or a property portfolio and the price that the Group would be able to realize in the 
sale of such property or property portfolio, and there can be no guarantee that the price thus obtained 
would even cover the book value of the property sold. These differences in value may have a material 
adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.  
2.1.2.8 
Deutsche Wohnen may be exposed to risks from residual pollution, including wartime 
munitions, soil pollution and contaminants in building materials, as well as from possible 
building code violations. 
It is possible that properties and land plots Deutsche Wohnen owns or acquires contain ground 
contamination, hazardous materials, other residual pollution and/or wartime munitions (including 
potentially unexploded munitions) and that such issues have not been discovered in a previous due 
diligence. Moreover, building components might contain hazardous substances (such as polychlorinated 
biphenyls (PCBs) or asbestos), or the properties may comprise other environmental risks. Deutsche 
Wohnen bears the risk of cost-intensive remediation and removal of such wartime munitions, hazardous 
materials, residual pollution or ground contamination. The discovery of such residual pollution, 
particularly in connection with the lease or sale of properties, may also trigger claims for rent reductions, 
damages and other breach of warranty claims. The remediation of any residual pollution and the related

--- Page 22 ---
-13- 
 
additional measures may negatively affect Deutsche Wohnen’s business activities and involve 
considerable additional costs. Deutsche Wohnen is also exposed to the risk that it might no longer be 
possible to take recourse against the polluting third party or the previous owners of the properties.  
Deutsche Wohnen could also be responsible for the remediation of properties that Deutsche 
Wohnen sold in the past. For soil contaminations, the German Federal Soil Protection Act 
(Bundesbodenschutzgesetz) provides for an ongoing responsibility of previous property owners if the 
property has been sold or transferred after March 1, 1999 and the contamination was, or should have 
been, known to the previous owner. Deutsche Wohnen sold various properties in the past and plans to 
sell further properties in the future. Deutsche Wohnen could thus be held liable as a previous owner, but 
also as the responsible party having caused the contamination. 
Moreover, the existence or even merely the suspicion of the existence of wartime munitions, 
hazardous materials, residual pollution or ground contamination may negatively affect the value of a 
property and the Group’s ability to lease or sell such property. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s business is also exposed to the risk of noncompliance with building codes 
or environmental regulations. These regulations are often implemented retroactively, affecting 
previously developed properties, and therefore require Deutsche Wohnen to modernize existing 
buildings so that they comply with these stricter standards. There is a risk that building codes or 
environmental regulations were not, or are not, being complied with and such non-compliance is not 
discovered during the acquisition process of individual properties. It is also possible that landlord 
responsibilities may be further expanded with respect to fire protection and environmental protection, 
which may require additional refurbishment, maintenance and modernization measures, in particular 
because many of these properties owned by Deutsche Wohnen are more than 40 years old. The projected 
cost of such measures is based on the assumption that the required permits are issued in accordance with 
the Company’s plans and, in particular, in a timely manner. It is possible, however, that the required 
building permits are not always issued promptly. If such permits are not issued, are not issued promptly, 
or are issued only subject to conditions, this could lead to substantial delays in correcting the problems 
and result in higher-than-projected costs and lower in-place rents for the relevant properties. 
The occurrence of one or more of the aforementioned events may result in additional costs and 
have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche 
Wohnen. 
2.1.2.9 
It is not assured that Deutsche Wohnen’s business field Nursing and Assisted Living will be 
able to recruit qualified employees at a reasonable cost in the future and to retain current 
qualified employees. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s commercial success depends on retaining highly qualified employees for 
the long term. Deutsche Wohnen’s planned expansion of the business field Nursing and Assisted Living 
is particularly dependent on attracting a significant number of qualified employees for the Group’s 
nursing home facilities. In addition, there is increasing competition for qualified personnel in the 
growing market for the care of the elderly, which may have adverse effects on the number of job seekers 
in this area and the wage expectations of potential future employees. Moreover, it is possible that 
Deutsche Wohnen will be unable to retain existing qualified employees in the future. 
If Deutsche Wohnen’s efforts to recruit and retain employees fail, this could significantly impair 
its growth strategy, particularly in the Nursing and Assisted Living segment, and have a material adverse 
effect on net assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.2.10 The IT systems may malfunction or become impaired. In addition, the integration of IT systems 
of newly acquired portfolios may lead to significant expense and impairment of the existing IT 
systems. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s information technology system plays an important role in its business 
strategy. Any interruptions in, failures of, or damage to Deutsche Wohnen’s information technology

--- Page 23 ---
-14- 
 
system may lead to delays or interruptions in its business processes, such as the outage of the Group’s 
customer service hotline. Any malfunction or impairment of the computer systems may interrupt 
Deutsche Wohnen’s operations and lead to increased costs. It is possible that future technological 
developments may adversely affect the functionality of Deutsche Wohnen’s computer systems and 
require further action, which may require the Group to spend substantial funds to prevent or repair 
malfunctions of its IT systems. The Company cannot guarantee that even anticipated and/or recognized 
malfunctions can be avoided in every case by appropriate preventive security measures. Additionally, 
Deutsche Wohnen has outsourced a portion of its computer systems to external service providers. 
Deutsche Wohnen cannot guarantee that such or additional other risks will not also materialize with such 
service providers. In addition, the integration of IT systems of newly acquired real estate portfolios into 
Deutsche Wohnen’s IT systems may lead to significant expense and impairment of existing IT systems 
and to disruptions of the Group’s operations. Overall, this may have a material adverse effect on the net 
assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.1.2.11 Deutsche Wohnen may be exposed to risks in connection with possible acquisitions and 
investments. 
As part of Deutsche Wohnen’s strategy, the Company evaluates property portfolios, 
development projects and real estate companies in order to identify those that might fit both its existing 
property portfolio and its current management platform. Deutsche Wohnen has in the past and will in 
the future carry out acquisitions. Any direct and indirect investments in property involve considerable 
risk. Apart from the risks associated with the acquired properties or companies themselves, acquisitions 
occupy management resources which cannot be deployed elsewhere within Deutsche Wohnen. The 
Company’s acquisition or takeover of additional property or development portfolios and real estate 
companies can be financed by taking on additional debt or by issuing new shares in the capital markets 
or by a combination thereof. If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to obtain the necessary capital on reasonable 
terms, it may be unable to make further acquisitions, may be able to do so only to a limited extent or, if 
debt financing is available, may be able to do so only by taking on additional debt. Any additional debt 
incurred in connection with future acquisitions could have a significant negative impact on the Group’s 
LTV Ratio – and could result in higher interest expenses for the Group. If the Group is no longer able 
to obtain the debt or equity financing it needs to acquire additional property portfolios, or if it is able to 
do so only on onerous terms, its further business development and competitiveness could be severely 
constrained. 
Anticipated business performance of targeted portfolios or companies, synergies, economies of 
scale and cost savings may not be realized in whole or in part or may occur only later. This may result 
in higher administrative and management costs. There is no guarantee that the systems, operations or 
controls required to support the expansion of its business are sufficient. Deutsche Wohnen may no longer 
be in a position to effectively scale its internal and external growth or may not be able to obtain the 
resources and/or employees necessary to do so. 
Deutsche Wohnen investigates acquisitions using business plans that are based on assumptions 
regarding various factors. However, Deutsche Wohnen cannot exclude the possibility that these and 
other assumptions underlying its current business plan may not be met, or that they may be met only in 
part or at a later date. Factors which may negatively impact the development of newly acquired holdings 
include a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions in the core and growth regions in which the 
portfolio is located or in the wider economy, an unfavorable market trend for the sale of residential units, 
higher capital expenditure requirements and difficulties in increasing rents and reducing vacancy rates.  
Newly acquired portfolios are frequently managed by third parties, at least for a transitional 
period. During this transition period, Deutsche Wohnen is exposed to the risk that these external 
managers may fail to fulfill some or all of their duties under the respective service agreement and that it 
may not be able to adequately control or influence the management of the units in the new portfolio. 
As a result of past acquisitions, Deutsche Wohnen Group consists of a large number of legal 
entities and has a complex group structure. Accordingly, enhanced controlling and steering efforts are

--- Page 24 ---
-15- 
 
necessary to manage Deutsche Wohnen. Deutsche Wohnen cannot rule out that its efforts may not 
produce the desired results. 
A failure to achieve the desired results via acquisitions or investments could have material 
adverse effects on Deutsche Wohnen’s business, net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.3 
Risks related to Deutsche Wohnen’s Financing 
2.1.3.1 
Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to refinance existing and future debt with loans and other debt 
instruments could be limited and Deutsche Wohnen may be unable to obtain new sources of 
financing at attractive terms, or at all. 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s LTV Ratio stood at 37.0%. The carrying amount of 
Deutsche Wohnen’s net financial liabilities including convertible bonds was €10,840 million as of 
December 31, 2020. Deutsche Wohnen is dependent on refinancing debt that will become due over the 
next few years. As of December 31, 2020, the nominal value of Deutsche Wohnen’s outstanding 
financial liabilities becoming due in 2021 was €213 million (including accruals and deferrals), €38 
million becoming due in 2022 as well as €748 million becoming due in 2023. Deutsche Wohnen cannot 
rule out that its current level of debt may adversely affect its ability to refinance financial obligations by 
taking on new debt or by extending existing loans. In addition, any increase in the Group’s LTV Ratio 
may negatively impact its ratings and may have a negative impact on its financing cost or its ability to 
obtain financing at all. No assurance can be given that Deutsche Wohnen will be able to refinance its 
debt at all or at comparable costs and terms in the future. 
Deutsche Wohnen obtained corporate ratings from S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. (“S&P”) 
and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”). These ratings depend, among other factors, on the 
development of the industry, Deutsche Wohnen’s performance and the development of certain key credit 
ratios, such as its LTV Ratio, Net Debt-to-EBITDA ratio and interest coverage ratio. In addition, macro-
economic developments such as the development of Germany’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) and 
changes in interest rate levels may have an impact on Deutsche Wohnen’s performance and, accordingly, 
on its ratings. The rating agencies review the factors that influence Deutsche Wohnen’s ratings on a 
regular basis. Deutsche Wohnen has been assigned a negative outlook by S&P and Moody’s and cannot 
rule out that its ratings may be downgraded in the future. Any downgrade could negatively impact 
Deutsche Wohnen’s reputation and its ability to raise funds at attractive terms. 
Additionally, Deutsche Wohnen may find it difficult or expensive to obtain new sources of 
financing. Banks may refuse to grant Deutsche Wohnen new loans, or they may only make new loans 
available to the Group at unfavorable financial terms and refuse to extend existing credit lines or only 
extend them on unfavorable terms. Moreover, it is conceivable that banks may no longer be able or 
willing to extend expiring loans and that future contract negotiations will take more time to complete. 
Further, it may not be possible for Deutsche Wohnen to raise capital in the equity or debt capital markets 
either. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s acquisition of additional properties and portfolios may be financed by 
taking on additional debt or by issuing and offering new shares or equity-linked instruments, or a 
combination thereof. If Deutsche Wohnen is unable to obtain the necessary financing on reasonable 
terms, it may be unable to make acquisitions, or may only be able to do so to a limited extent. Even if 
debt financing is available, any additional debt could have a significant negative impact on Deutsche 
Wohnen’s key performance indicators and could result in higher interest expenses. 
The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
-16- 
 
2.1.3.2 
If Deutsche Wohnen breaches covenants under its current and future financing, it could be 
forced to sell properties at economically unattractive conditions and its creditors or security 
agents could seize or realize significant collateral, which could ultimately lead to an 
insolvency of the Company. 
In the past, Deutsche Wohnen has taken on debt in the form of loans, convertible bonds, 
corporate bonds and other instruments to refinance existing obligations, as well as to finance acquisitions, 
and the Group also intends to do so in the future. If Deutsche Wohnen breaches certain obligations under 
these loan agreements or debt instruments and is unable to cure such breaches within the relevant time 
frame stipulated in each respective agreement, and if the creditors under such loan agreements or debt 
instruments do not waive the Group’s compliance with such obligations, such creditors may be entitled 
to terminate the respective financing agreements. In particular, several financing agreements require 
Deutsche Wohnen to comply with certain specific financial covenants, such as the maintenance of 
certain maximum Loan-to-Value Ratios and the compliance with certain other key financial figure 
ranges which relate, among others, to the debt servicing ability (Debt Service Cover Ratio (“DSCR”)), 
the Interest Service Cover Ratio (“ISCR”) and the ratio of debt in relation to the rental income at the 
level of the Group and/or the financed portfolio. The Group’s failure to comply with such financial 
covenants may have severe consequences. 
A breach of its financial covenants would restrict Deutsche Wohnen’s right to dispose of the 
rental income arising from the properties securing the respective loan agreement. Several of the Group’s 
loan agreements contain provisions that might require the Group, upon breach of a financial covenant, 
to make certain monthly payments, based on its rental income less certain specified debt service 
payments, into specified blocked accounts. The amounts in such blocked accounts are regularly pledged 
for the benefit of the respective lender. Deutsche Wohnen may therefore not use these amounts to make 
certain payments without the prior consent of the respective lender, including for the debt service of 
other loan agreements. This may result in the Group’s failure to fulfill payment obligations under other 
loan agreements. 
Moreover, a breach of financial covenants may trigger creditors’ right to terminate the financing 
arrangement. Such termination rights by the Company’s creditors may have serious negative 
implications for the Group. For instance, all outstanding debt under the respective loan agreement may 
become due immediately and may severely affect the liquidity position of the Group. In addition, 
grounds for termination of one loan agreement may entitle creditors under other loan agreements to 
terminate their agreements with the Company with immediate effect. If one or more loans should become 
due as a result of an early termination, Deutsche Wohnen might be unable to refinance its loans as they 
become due, or might only be able to refinance them on significantly less favorable terms. If Deutsche 
Wohnen were unable to obtain refinancing in such a scenario, in the worst case, the Group may become 
insolvent. 
To secure the Company’s loans or those of its subsidiaries, Deutsche Wohnen has pledged 
claims under rental and leasing agreements, purchase agreements and real estate sales agreements, and 
has taken out mortgages secured by properties held by Deutsche Wohnen Group companies. If the 
Company or its subsidiaries are unable to fulfill its or their obligations under such financing agreements, 
the Group’s creditors may seize collateral, including real property, without further negotiations. A 
breach of obligations under Deutsche Wohnen’s financing agreements may thus result in the loss of 
portions of the Group’s real estate portfolio on economically unfavorable terms. 
The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net 
assets, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 26 ---
-17- 
 
2.1.4 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
2.1.4.1 
Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions 
are already extensive and could be further tightened in the future.  
Deutsche Wohnen’s operations primarily consist of owning and managing residential property. 
A negative trend in rental regulations in one or several regions where the Group operates may lead to 
lower rental revenues, or rents that do not increase to expected levels. 
Under German law, lessors have limited options for raising rents on existing leases. If the parties 
to leases have not agreed on graduated rent (Staffelmiete, only permissible within certain limits) or a rent 
index (Indexmiete) and the tenant rejects a change in the lease, a unilateral rent increase is only possible 
within the certain limits. 
Generally, rents can only be increased by 20% over three years and for existing leases only up 
to the locally prevailing comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete). The locally prevailing 
rents are generally set forth in rent indices (Mietspiegel), which are regularly published, usually by the 
respective municipalities. In certain German municipalities the cap has been reduced to 15% over three 
years.  
Moreover, subject to the legal or contractual requirements, in the event of modernization work 
that (i) sustainably saves on energy (energy modernization) or (ii) sustainably reduces water 
consumption or (iii) sustainably increases the value in use of the rented premises or (iv) improves the 
general living conditions in the long term or (v) in the event of modernization work performed on 
account of circumstances for which the lessor is not responsible and that is not maintenance work, the 
lessor can pass on the costs to the tenants by increasing the annual rent by currently up to 8% of the costs 
incurred (less the costs that would have been incurred for maintenance work anyway). This does not 
apply if the tenant can prove that the rent increase would mean unreasonable hardship. 
Additionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be 
threatened, rent increases for new leases are limited to a maximum of 10% above the higher of the locally 
prevailing comparative rent level or the previous tenant’s rent (Mietpreisbremse). If the rent being paid 
in the past were to be deemed to exceed the permittable level, overpaid rent would have to be returned. 
Deutsche Wohnen is therefore subject to the risk that rent it has already collected would have to be 
returned to its tenants if existing lease agreements are found to be in violation of legal restrictions.  
Changes to the legal framework at the level of the European Union or in Germany could have a 
further negative impact on Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to implement rent increases. Affordable housing 
is a political issue that receives a great deal of attention. It is impossible to predict whether and to what 
extent the challenges caused by the recent wave of immigration will affect the legal framework for 
tenants and landlords. 
In Berlin, a new law was passed by the parliament of Berlin and entered into force on 
February 23, 2020, according to which rents in the city are in certain cases not permitted to be raised 
beyond levels agreed as of June 18, 2019 for a period of five years from the commencement of the law 
(Mietendeckel). The legislation also imposes limits on the maximum levels of rent permitted in respect 
of properties in Berlin built before 2014, with such limits depending on a number of factors, including 
the year of construction and the condition of the property. As a consequence of this law, many tenants 
in Berlin, including Deutsche Wohnen, have reduced rents under existing rental agreements, in many 
cases, however, subject to a possible annulment of the new law by courts in the future. As the limitations 
also apply to new rental agreements to be entered into, the law has further resulted, and may result in 
the future, in the receipt of lower rents for new tenants. Specifically, due to the effects of the new law, 
the average re-letting rent of Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio located in Greater Berlin decreased to €6.54 
per sqm for the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 compared to €9.19 per sqm for the 
same period in 2019. Several constitutional complaints (Verfassungsbeschwerde) against this legislation 
have been filed and are currently pending before the German Federal Constitutional Court 
(Bundesverfassungsgericht). The outcome of these proceedings, however, is uncertain and it cannot be

--- Page 27 ---
-18- 
 
ruled out that the legislation will be held to be in accordance with the German constitution. Accordingly, 
there is a risk that the new law may limit the Group’s rental revenues and values in respect of properties 
in Berlin which may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a citizens’ initiative (Bürgerinitiative) in Berlin is seeking 
to force a legislative project in the state parliament (Landtag) through a petition for a referendum relating 
to the enactment of a new state law. The proposed law would force large real estate companies such as 
Deutsche Wohnen to transfer all or parts of their residential property portfolio located in Berlin to the 
state against the payment of compensation. Such compensation would be determined in accordance with 
statutory German law and could deviate from Deutsche Wohnen’s valuation of the relevant properties. 
The initiative has stated that the aim of such a nationalization (Vergesellschaftung) would be to create 
more affordable living space in Berlin. The period for a parliamentary decision on the referendum 
expired on January 24, 2021 without any results. On February 26, 2021 the second phase of the petition 
commenced which may result in an actual referendum if the citizens’ initiative is able to collect 
approximately 170,000 signatures over a four-month-period. While legal experts have pointed out that 
it is highly unlikely that the proposed law would be constitutional under German law, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a success of this initiative cannot be entirely ruled out which could have a material 
adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
2.1.4.2 
Deutsche Wohnen’s business is subject to the general legal and regulatory environment in 
Germany.  
Deutsche Wohnen’s business is subject to the general legal framework applicable to housing, 
commercial real estate and retirement or nursing homes. This framework includes in particular the 
German landlord-tenant law, as well as special provisions in other laws, especially the German Nurs-
ing Homes Act (Heimgesetz) and its equivalents on the state level, the German Residential Living and 
Nursing Contract Act (Wohn- und Betreuungsvertragsgesetz), social welfare legislation, construction 
laws, historic preservation laws and tax laws. 
Any changes to domestic or European laws or changes in the interpretation or application thereof 
may, therefore, have a negative effect on Deutsche Wohnen. In particular, an expansion of tenant 
protection laws in connection with conversions of apartments into condominiums may have negative 
effects on the sale of condominiums to investors. Other changes to tenant protection laws and changes 
to regulations governing the tenant’s responsibility for ancillary costs or modernization investments may 
have an adverse effect on the profitability of Deutsche Wohnen’s investments and results of operations. 
For example, in Germany there is an ongoing debate whether higher prices for heating with fossil fuels 
resulting from the new CO2 tax introduced in Germany with effect as of January 1, 2021, which and 
under the current law can be fully allocated to tenants as part of the ancillary costs, should be, at least 
partially, borne by landlords and whether the law should be changed in this respect. 
More restrictive environmental laws could result in additional expenses for Deutsche Wohnen. 
For example, the provisions on the handling of asbestos or other hazardous construction materials could 
become more restrictive and the Group could be required to take action. Further, by December 31, 2013, 
owners of properties with a centralized hot water production facility were obligated to test the level of 
potential legionella contamination and must repeat this test every three years, thereby causing them to 
incur additional costs. The same would hold true if the legal requirements relating to existing and 
permitted properties and their use were to become more onerous. Of particular significance are 
construction and environmental requirements. For example, the current version of the Energy Savings 
Ordinance (Energieeinsparverordnung) prescribes specified investments in renovation work aimed at 
reducing energy consumption (with respect to thermal insulation for instance) and requires the landlord 
or seller of a property to present an energy certificate that discloses the property’s energy efficiency 
prior to entry into a new lease or sale agreement. Moreover, if a seller or landlord advertises the property 
via commercial media, the energy performance indicator of the respective property’s existing energy 
certificate must be stated in the advertisement. Additionally, the amended ordinance requires the 
landlord to renovate the thermal insulation of the let building. For example, landlords of buildings with

--- Page 28 ---
-19- 
 
heating boilers that were installed prior to January 1, 1985 and that are used with liquid or gaseous fuel 
needed to be exchanged before 2015, or roofs need to meet a minimum heat insulation by the end of 
2015. 
If it should be discovered during the course of a refurbishment or modernization that one of 
Deutsche Wohnen’s buildings is subject to historic preservation laws, the need to comply with the 
respective historic preservation requirements may lead to significant delays in the refurbishment or 
modernization process and the inability to carry out particular refurbishment or modernization measures, 
and also to significantly higher costs for the particular project. In the event of a sale of such a property 
to a buyer, these factors may, for example, result in the Group’s inability to fulfill its contractual 
obligations towards a buyer, with the consequence that the buyer’s obligation to make payments would 
be excused or deferred. The same would be true if the legal requirements relating to properties and their 
use become more onerous, particularly with respect to construction and environmental requirements; 
similarly, requirements might be imposed in order to increase the availability of handicapped-accessible 
and adapted housing. If such changes in the legal framework conditions should occur, individually or 
together, or if other changes of the legal framework conditions that negatively affect Deutsche Wohnen’s 
business were to arise, this may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and 
results of operations of Deutsche Wohnen Group. 
2.1.4.3 
Deutsche Wohnen may be unable to increase prices as commercially necessary in the business 
field Nursing and Assisted Living. 
The business field Nursing and Assisted Living is currently subject, in particular, to the 
provisions of Books XI and XII of the German Social Security Code (Sozialgesetzbuch), the Nursing 
Home Act (Heimgesetz), complementary state legislation and the law relating to accommodation and 
care contracts (Wohn- und Betreuungsvertragsgesetz). These statutes govern, among other things, the 
remuneration scheme for nursing and retirement home contracts, the goods and services needed for basic 
care and housekeeping care for which the nursing care insurance (Pflegeversicherung) or other 
institutions pay reimbursement, and cost reimbursement. In developing its fee schedule, Deutsche 
Wohnen is required to comply with these legal mandates and cannot, therefore, exercise unfettered 
discretion in structuring the fees. For example, fee increases – insofar as they can be implemented in the 
respective regional market – must be approved by or, as the case may be, negotiated with the reimbursing 
entities (nursing care funds or social welfare funding bodies). If a requested fee increase is not approved, 
it might be impossible to increase fees, or possible only by way of protracted administrative proceedings. 
Should Deutsche Wohnen be unable to increase its fees to the extent necessary for business reasons, this 
may have a material adverse effect on its net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.4.4 
Deutsche Wohnen is subject to numerous legal requirements that limit its discretion in 
connection with the acquisition and management of real estate portfolios and companies 
previously held by government entities. 
In acquiring and managing real estate portfolios purchased from government entities, such as 
states and municipalities, Deutsche Wohnen is often subject to various restrictions imposed by 
contractual obligations. For example, purchase agreements relating to real estate owned by government 
entities typically require that tenants be afforded preference in the event of the sale of their units or that 
tenants obtain a right of first refusal with respect to the purchase of units they rent, that older tenants 
receive certain protection from eviction, that no luxury refurbishment may be undertaken, that only 
limited rent increases are permitted and that other social concerns and objectives of city planners are to 
be observed. Additionally, such agreements often contain conditions requiring governmental consent 
regarding various significant structural changes and measures. 
These restrictions may result in Deutsche Wohnen being unable to optimize the management of 
the relevant residential properties or to initiate sales or modernization measures as desired. This may 
result in lower income from the property management and disposals and may have a material adverse 
effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 29 ---
-20- 
 
2.1.4.5 
The business field Nursing and Assisted Living may be subject to greater regulatory 
constraints as a consequence of legal reforms. 
Legislative authority relating to nursing homes, which applies to the retirement and nursing 
home sector, was transferred from the federal government to the state governments in 2006. All German 
states have enacted their own nursing home statutes to date. As state-specific nursing home laws develop, 
Deutsche Wohnen expects – also with a view to future amendments to nursing home laws – that there 
will increasingly be different standards for the operation of retirement and nursing homes, and it is 
possible that new regulatory framework conditions may lead to higher costs and have a negative impact 
on the business field Nursing and Assisted Living. Moreover, laws governing health and welfare may 
be changed by other reforms. This may result in increased costs for the care of long-term care patients 
that might no longer be borne by the nursing care funds. In addition, home-based care and services 
provided by relatives and other volunteer caregivers have been strengthened through various measures 
as a result of the German Care Realignment Act of 2013 (Pflege-Neuausrichtungs-Gesetz). Home-based 
care and services provided by relatives are lately being, and could be further encouraged in the future 
with additional reforms. Effective as of January 1, 2015 the First Care Support Act (Erstes 
Pflegestärkungsgesetz) has substantially expanded on benefits granted to individuals in need of care, as 
well as their relatives. The First Care Support Act (Erstes Pflegestärkungsgesetz) is designed to 
strengthen and to promote the home-based care situation with additional financial means and improved 
respite care (Verhinderungs- und Kurzzeitpflege) which could reduce the need for retirement homes and, 
respectively, assisted living and nursing homes. The Second Care Support Act (Zweites 
Pflegestärkungsgesetz), effective as of January 1, 2017, introduced a new definition of the concept of 
the need for long-term care and a new assessment procedure, in particular to help dementia patients in 
need of care by granting equal access to the benefits of long-term care insurance, which could further 
reduce the need for retirement homes and, respectively, assisted living and nursing homes. The planned 
growth in the business field Nursing and Assisted Living may be more difficult to achieve as a result, or 
even prevented altogether, which may result in a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
2.1.4.6 
Any failure to comply with the restrictions on the rental management of subsidized residential 
units may result in fines, contractual penalties and an obligation to refund subsidies. 
Public subsidies are of relevance for Deutsche Wohnen, in particular for the companies of the 
GSW Group. As a result of the receipt of public subsidies, Deutsche Wohnen is subject to various 
restrictions limiting its ability to manage and sell certain of its residential properties, in particular with 
regards to rent increases, modernizations, privatizations, institutional sales and other divestitures. 
Failure to comply with the specific conditions underlying the respective subsidies may result in 
contractual penalties, fines and reputational damage. Furthermore, Deutsche Wohnen’s entitlements to 
future subsidies may be withdrawn and past subsidies may be revoked with retroactive effect. As a 
consequence, Deutsche Wohnen may be required to repay such subsidies. 
Government subsidies are typically granted in the form of low-interest loans or financial aid and 
government grants. In order to compensate for construction, financing and property-related costs through 
public funding, public authorities often establish maximum rent levels for the respective properties. Even 
though rent levels established by the public authorities are below current re-letting rents for a large 
number of rent-restricted residential units, it may be difficult to increase rents to market levels once the 
subsidy-related restrictions lapse. This is because the existing tenant base in rent restricted residential 
units may not be able or willing to pay market level rents for such properties. Upon the expiry of such 
rent restrictions, Deutsche Wohnen may not be able to adjust current rent levels for rent restricted 
residential units to re-letting rents. 
Moreover, no assurance can be given that Deutsche Wohnen will continue to be able to secure 
public funding at the same level as it did in the past. Reduced public funding may result from, among 
other factors, further cut-backs on public subsidies by government agencies. In addition, a considerable 
amount of Deutsche Wohnen’s revenue is directly or indirectly dependent on social aid provided to or

--- Page 30 ---
-21- 
 
on behalf of Deutsche Wohnen’s tenants, such as unemployment benefits (Arbeitslosengeld I), social 
welfare (Arbeitslosengeld II, Grundsicherung) and housing subsidies (Wohngeld). 
If any of these risks were to materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on Deutsche 
Wohnen’s net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.1.4.7 
Deutsche Wohnen may be subject to liability claims in connection with sold properties. 
In connection with the sale of real estate, Deutsche Wohnen makes representations and 
warranties to the purchasers with respect to certain property characteristics. The potential liability 
resulting therefrom usually continues to exist for a period of several years after the sale. In particular, 
Deutsche Wohnen may be subject to claims for damages from purchasers who assert that the 
representations and warranties the Group made to them were incorrect, or that it failed to meet its 
obligations. This may lead to legal disputes or litigation with the purchasers, as a consequence of which 
Deutsche Wohnen may be required to make a payment to the purchasers without being able to take 
recourse against the predecessor in title or other third parties in each case. To the extent the Company 
made warranties to third parties in connection with refurbishment measures and claims are asserted 
against it because of defects, it is not always certain that it will have recourse against the companies that 
performed the work and that its recourse claims would be enforceable. 
As a seller of properties, Deutsche Wohnen remains liable to existing tenants at the time of sale 
for any breach of lease agreements by the buyer. This applies also and specifically where Deutsche 
Wohnen no longer has any control over the property. Moreover, the Group continues to be exposed to 
liability for breach of contract even in the event that the buyer resells the property and the subsequent 
buyer breaches lease agreements. However, if a seller notifies the tenant of the change of ownership and 
the tenant fails to avail itself of the opportunity to terminate the tenancy at the earliest permitted 
termination date, the seller is released from liability. 
Legal or settlement costs, including the cost of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as 
well as potential damages associated with liability for properties that Deutsche Wohnen has sold, could 
have material adverse effects on Deutsche Wohnen’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
2.1.4.8 
Deutsche Wohnen’s use of standardized contracts may multiply the risks as compared with the 
use of individual contracts. 
Deutsche Wohnen maintains legal relationships with a large number of persons, primarily 
tenants, employees and purchasers of residential properties. In this context, the Group also uses 
standardized contractual conditions and general business terms. If these terms contain provisions that 
are or become disadvantageous to Deutsche Wohnen, e.g., through changes in interpretation by the 
courts, or if clauses therein are invalid or become invalid, e.g., due to new law, such changes in terms 
will affect a large number of standardized contracts. As a general rule, standardized terms are invalid if 
they are not worded clearly and transparently or if they are unbalanced and discriminatory against the 
other party. It is impossible to fully avoid risks arising from the use of such standardized contractual 
terms because of the frequency of changes that are made to the legal framework, particularly court 
decisions relating to general terms and conditions of business. One example of this is the Federal Court 
of Justice’s decision relating to the invalidity of decorative repair clauses that provide fixed schedules 
for the tenant’s performance of decorative repairs or which unreasonably restrict the way the tenant 
carries out the decorative repairs. The invalidity of such clauses results in higher maintenance costs for 
the landlord because the landlord is held responsible for maintenance to a bigger extent than expected. 
Even in the case of contracts prepared with legal advice, problems of this nature cannot be prevented, 
either from the outset or in the future due to subsequent changes in the legal framework, particularly 
case law, making it impossible for Deutsche Wohnen to avoid the ensuing legal disadvantages. This may 
have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche 
Wohnen.

--- Page 31 ---
-22- 
 
2.1.4.9 
Deutsche Wohnen may be subject to additional claims for pension and benefits obligations. 
On a Group level, Deutsche Wohnen is liable for pension obligations based on retirement 
provisions in the form of pension grants. For this purpose, the Company recognized employee benefit 
liabilities of €109.6 million in the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2020, which were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards, as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”). The actual amount of these obligations, 
however, cannot be fully calculated in advance and involves substantial uncertainty, so that the actual 
pension obligations may exceed the recognized employee benefit liability. 
Moreover, there is a statutory obligation to review the need for adjustments and, if applicable, 
to adjust the amount of the pension payments. If such a review was not undertaken in the past or if 
pension adjustments were not made as required by law, the Company may be subject to an obligation to 
pay the unpaid pension adjustments and to increase future pension payments. 
Deutsche Wohnen bears considerable financial risk in connection with a number of pension 
schemes if the current employee benefit provisions should prove to be insufficient. In addition, 
unforeseen benefit claims, contribution obligations or back payment obligations may arise for a material 
amount. 
The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
2.1.4.10 Minority shareholders of GSW may force an increase of the exchange ratio and/or annual 
compensation under the domination agreement. 
On April 30, 2014, the Company, as the controlling company, and GSW Immobilien AG 
(“GSW”), as the controlled company, entered into a domination agreement (the “Domination 
Agreement”). Following the approval by the general meetings of both parties to the agreement, the 
Domination Agreement entered into force upon registration in the commercial register of GSW on 
September 4, 2014. 
Pursuant to the Domination Agreement, Deutsche Wohnen SE guarantees the minority 
shareholders of GSW (the “Minority GSW Shareholders” and each a “Minority GSW Shareholder”) 
for the duration of the agreement a fixed annual compensation in the form of a guaranteed gross dividend 
of €1.66 for each share of GSW for each entire fiscal year of GSW. Furthermore, the Company 
undertook, at the request of a Minority GSW Shareholder, to acquire a Minority GSW Shareholder’s 
shares in GSW in exchange for bearer shares in the Company in the ratio of 7 shares of the Company 
for 3 registered shares of GSW (“Exchange Ratio”) within a defined period which ended on 
November 4, 2014. In 2015, the Exchange Ratio was adjusted to 7.079 shares of the Company for 3 
shares of GSW due to a capital increase of the Company. 
Certain Minority GSW Shareholders have initiated appraisal proceedings (Spruchverfahren) 
before the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Berlin pursuant to the German Act on Appraisal Proceedings 
(Spruchverfahrensgesetz) (see “6.5 Litigation“). If such action were successful, Deutsche Wohnen 
would be required to grant higher Exchange Ratio and/or annual compensation to the Minority GSW 
Shareholders. In this case, former Minority GSW Shareholders could also require a corresponding 
supplement to the compensation that they have already received. 
The materialization of any of these risks would reduce the economic benefits Deutsche Wohnen 
derive from the Domination Agreement and could have material adverse effects on Deutsche Wohnen’s 
business, net assets, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
2.1.4.11 Deutsche Wohnen is exposed to risks from possible violations of data protection regulations. 
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) entered into force in all 
European member states, providing for substantial changes in the regulatory landscape of data protection.

--- Page 32 ---
-23- 
 
The aim of the GDPR is to protect all citizens in the European Union (“EU”) from data protection 
violations. The GDPR applies to all companies that process personal data of data subjects resident in the 
European Union, regardless of their location. With about 155,400 residential and 2,900 commercial units 
in Germany, that Deutsche Wohnen manages for third parties, Deutsche Wohnen has a high processing 
volume for private data due to the many tenants. Deutsche Wohnen has introduced extensive 
organizational procedures as part of its compliance systems in order to take into account the new data 
protection aspects introduced by the GDPR in data processing. However, the regulation of the GDPR is 
complex and the volume of data processed by Deutsche Wohnen is considerable. It cannot be guaranteed 
that Deutsche Wohnen’s compliance systems are actually sufficient to control the risks associated with 
the GDPR. For example, in 2019, the competent supervisory authority imposed a fine on Deutsche 
Wohnen relating to a data archival solution of Deutsche Wohnen that has already been replaced, which 
is still the subject of judicial review (see “6.5 Litigation“). 
Should Deutsche Wohnen violate essential provisions of the GDPR, substantial fines of up to 
4% of the worldwide annual turnover for the most recent fiscal year or €20 million (whichever is higher) 
may be imposed.  
In addition to the financial damage that Deutsche Wohnen may suffer, violations of the GDPR 
may also cause considerable damage to its reputation, which may lead to a loss of confidence of existing 
or future tenants, which may have a negative impact on future rental income. 
2.1.5 
Tax Risks 
2.1.5.1 
Any disadvantageous changes in the tax environment may have a material adverse effect on 
Deutsche Wohnen’s net assets, financial condition and results of operations. 
It cannot be excluded that changes in tax legislation, administrative practice or case law, or 
changes in the interpretation thereof, which are possible at any time on short notice, may have adverse 
tax consequences for the Deutsche Wohnen Group. For example, there may be increases in real-estate-
related taxes, such as RETT (see also “2.1.5.4 A planned reform of the German RETT system could 
include provisions that adversely affect Deutsche Wohnen’s business.“) and property tax, or capital gains 
tax. Additionally, the ability to depreciate owned real estate may be restricted. This may have a material 
adverse effect on the attractiveness of real estate and thus also on Deutsche Wohnen Group’s disposals 
business. Amendments to applicable laws, orders and regulations may also have a retroactive effect. If 
such changes in the legal or tax framework conditions should occur, individually or together, or if other 
changes of the legal or tax framework conditions that negatively affect Deutsche Wohnen’s business 
were to arise, this may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
2.1.5.2 
Deutsche Wohnen Group may be required to pay additional taxes following tax audits of the 
Group and Group companies. 
Deutsche Wohnen’s business activity is assessed for tax purposes based on currently applicable 
tax legislation taking into account current case law and administrative interpretations. Changes in 
interpretation by the tax authorities, of tax legislation or of tax case law could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s net assets, financial condition and results of operations. Deutsche Wohnen Group 
companies are regularly subject to tax audits. Deutsche Wohnen has paid the tax liabilities, and made 
provisions, with respect to tax risks resulting from current or past tax audits. However, it cannot be 
excluded that the actually assessed taxes resulting from such tax audits exceed such provisions. 
2.1.5.3 
There are risks with respect to the amount of tax-loss carry-forwards. 
Deutsche Wohnen Group companies have substantial tax-loss carry-forwards. These tax-loss 
carry-forwards may, subject to certain restrictions, reduce future taxable income and taxable trade profit. 
However, tax-loss carry-forwards are no longer usable, at the level of the Company and its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries in proportion to the acquired shares, if, within a period of five years, more than 25%

--- Page 33 ---
-24- 
 
of the shares or voting rights of the Company are combined, directly or indirectly, to be held by one 
shareholder (a so-called harmful acquisition). Shares are deemed to have been combined (including by 
way of a capital increase) for these purposes if they are assigned to a single acquirer, persons related to 
such acquirer, or a group of acquirers whose interests are aligned. Since Deutsche Wohnen’s issued 
share capital is fully traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange as free float, a harmful acquisition may 
take place as part of exchange trading without the Company being able to influence it. Likewise, 
previous capital increases could be considered a harmful acquisition within the meaning of the pertinent 
rule. In case of a transfer of more than 50% of the shares or voting rights all tax-loss carry-forwards will 
be lost. In case of harmful acquisitions, the tax-loss carry-forwards may survive to the extent the 
respective company has, at the time of the harmful share transfer, certain built-in gains (stille Reserven) 
which are subject to tax in Germany. As a result, there is a risk that Deutsche Wohnen Group will be 
unable to utilize, in whole or in part, its corporation tax loss carry-forwards, which amounted to 
approximately €1.5 billion as of December 31, 2020, and its trade tax-loss carry-forwards amounted to 
approximately €1.3 billion as of December 31, 2020. 
2.1.5.4 
A planned reform of the German RETT system could include provisions that adversely affect 
Deutsche Wohnen’s business. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the legislative process for a reform of the German RETT is 
underway. In this context, a draft bill of the “Act on the amendment of the Real Estate Transfer Tax” 
(Gesetz zur Änderung des Grunderwerbssteuergesetzes) was published in August 2019. 
Under the current legal situation, share deals in connection with real estate holding companies 
trigger German RETT in particular in the following cases: 
 transfer of at least 95% of the shares in a real estate-holding partnership (but not a 
corporation) within five years to (any number of) new shareholders upon completion of the 
transfer (the “Partnership Rule”); 
 unification of at least 95% of the shares in a real estate-holding company (partnership or 
corporation) in the hands of a single owner or a group of related shareholders already upon 
signing; or 
 holding of an economic participation of at least 95% in a real estate-holding company 
(partnership or corporation) in the hands of a single owner. 
The draft bill provides for, inter alia, the following amendments: 
 Generally, the relevant threshold of currently 95% will be lowered to 90%; 
 the general watching period of currently five years will be extended to ten years, and 
 there will be a new provision which is modelled after the Partnership Rule and extends its 
scope to corporations. As a consequence, in the future a direct or indirect transfer of at least 
90% of the shares in a real estate-holding corporation within ten years to (any number of) 
new shareholders will trigger RETT (the “New Corporation Rule”). 
This could mean that Deutsche Wohnen could only acquire 89.9% of the shares in a corporation, 
which holds German real estate, without triggering RETT if (i) the seller of the shares has already held 
at least 10.1% of the shares in such corporation in the ten-year period prior to the sale and (ii) continues 
to hold 10.1% of the shares in such corporation for further ten years following the sale. In particular with 
respect to the latter requirement, RETT could then also be triggered in case of changes to the direct or 
indirect shareholdings in the seller within the ten-year period following the acquisition of the shares by 
Deutsche Wohnen. Committees of the Federal Council (Bundesrat) issued certain recommendations 
regarding this new draft bill on September 9, 2019, not objecting to the proposed reduction of the 95% 
threshold. They have however recommended an exception to the New Corporation Rule for exchange-
listed companies. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the bill is still in draft form and will be subject to further 
discussion by the legislative bodies. It cannot be entirely excluded that the RETT thresholds may even 
be reduced to below 90% or that the final bill does not provide for an exemption for listed corporations

--- Page 34 ---
-25- 
 
in respect of transfers of shares. But even if the threshold is fixed at 90% and the above described 
exemption for listed companies is included, the proposed legislative changes are expected to 
significantly increase the complexity of future acquisition processes by way of share or interest deals. 
The proposed amendments would further increase the required minority rights for the seller, increase 
the acquisition costs and would result in future administrative burdens in respect of the newly acquired 
entity. The changes in the law under discussion could even have the effect that it would no longer be 
possible to prevent the levying of RETT in such transfer processes. 
Further, it needs to be noted, that it can currently not be excluded that direct or indirect changes 
to the shareholding in Deutsche Wohnen or in any of the various third parties held 5.1% of the ownership 
rights in each of the Group’s significant property holding subsidiaries may trigger RETT with respect to 
some or all of the real estate of Deutsche Wohnen, if such changes result in an indirect transfer of at 
least 90% of the shares in the property holding subsidiaries to new shareholders within a period of ten 
years. The above-mentioned direct or indirect changes to the shareholding may however be outside of 
the control of Deutsche Wohnen. 
2.2 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
2.2.1 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2.2.1.1 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of 
market interest rate levels or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, which 
materializes if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to 
hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In particular, a Holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed 
Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current 
interest rate on the capital market (“market interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. As the 
market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. 
If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such 
Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate 
falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such 
Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the 
Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the 
profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant 
floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the 
term of any Notes. 
2.2.1.2 
The Issuer may partly or completely fail to make payments on the Notes. 
Any person who purchases Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no 
rights against any other person. Each Holder is subject to the risk that the Issuer partly or completely 
fails to make interest and/or redemption payments on the Notes which the Issuer is obliged to make. The 
worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of a loss. A materialization of the credit risk 
may result in partial or complete failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under 
the Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
-26- 
 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all 
obligations under the Notes when they fall due, actually has not decreased, market participants could 
nevertheless be of that opinion. In particular, market participants may be of this opinion if their 
assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the same 
industry as the Issuer adversely changes.  
If any of these risks occurs, third parties would only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower 
price than before the materialization of said risk, or not at all. The market value of the Notes may 
therefore decrease. 
2.2.1.3 
The Notes will effectively be subordinated to the Issuer’s debt to the extent such debt is secured 
by assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions require the Issuer and its material subsidiaries to secure the 
Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of capital market indebtedness, the requirement to 
provide equal security to the Notes is limited to capital market indebtedness and is subject to a number 
of significant exceptions and carve-outs as set forth in detail in the Terms and Conditions included in 
this Base Prospectus. To the extent the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries provides security interest over 
their assets for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will effectively be 
junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of Deutsche Wohnen 
may recover disproportionately more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or 
similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments under the 
Notes. 
2.2.1.4 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of 
creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness 
and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the 
subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up 
or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or similar 
proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including 
holders of third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to 
distribute any of their assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make 
payments on the Notes. 
2.2.1.5 
The Notes restrict, but do not eliminate, Deutsche Wohnen Group’s ability to incur additional 
debt, create liens or take other action that could negatively impact the Holders. 
The Terms and Conditions restrict Deutsche Wohnen Group’s ability to incur additional 
indebtedness by requiring the maintenance of certain loan-to-value and interest coverage ratios. 
However, these restrictions and undertakings may nonetheless allow the Issuer and its subsidiaries to 
incur significant additional (secured or unsecured) indebtedness, to grant additional security for the 
benefit of existing and future indebtedness and to enter into transactions, including reorganizations, 
mergers, acquisitions and other similar corporate transactions that may adversely affect the Holders. As 
a result of the foregoing, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
2.2.1.6 
There is no active public trading of Notes and it is unclear whether such active trading will 
develop. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the

--- Page 36 ---
-27- 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme can also be listed 
on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary 
market for such Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes 
may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are 
not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain 
which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such 
Notes and may deteriorate, in particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes 
at any time at fair market prices. 
2.2.1.7 
Ratings may not reflect all risks and are subject to change. 
Ratings assigned to the Issuer by rating agencies are an indicator of the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner. The lower the assigned rating is on the respective 
scale the higher the respective rating agency assesses the risk that obligations will be met in a timely 
manner or at all. The market value of the Notes from time to time is likely to depend upon the credit 
rating assigned to the long-term debt of the Issuer. Rating agencies may change, suspend or withdraw 
their ratings at short notice and this may affect the price and the market value of the Notes. Therefore, 
Holders may incur financial disadvantages as he may not be able to sell their Notes or will only be able 
to do so at a discount to the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Holder. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and additional 
factors discussed herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, Moody’s, 
S&P or any other rating agency may change its methodologies for rating securities with features similar 
to the Notes in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s 
senior securities and ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Notes, sometimes called 
“notching”. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future 
and the ratings of the Notes were to be subsequently lowered as a consequence thereof, this may have a 
negative impact on the market price of the Notes.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
2.2.1.8 
In case of certain events of default, the Notes of any Series will only be redeemable if Holders 
holding at least 15% of the aggregate principal amount of such Series of Notes then 
outstanding declare such Notes due and payable. 
Under the Terms and Conditions, any notice declaring the Notes of any Series due and payable 
in case of certain events of default shall only become effective when the Paying Agent has received such 
default notices from Holders representing at least 15% of the aggregate principal amount of such Series 
of Notes then outstanding. In addition, the SchVG provides that even if the threshold of 15% for a default 
notice has been reached, the Holders could rescind such acceleration by majority resolution within three 
months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such 
acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered 
default notices. Therefore, Holders will be unable to accelerate the Notes of any Series upon the 
occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices 
and such acceleration is not rescinded by a majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 37 ---
-28- 
 
2.2.1.9 
Certain rights of the Holders under the Terms and Conditions of each Series of Notes may be 
amended or reduced or even cancelled by Holders’ resolutions and any such resolutions will 
be binding for all Holders of Notes of such Series. Any such resolution may effectively be 
passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of such 
Series of Notes outstanding. 
Since the Terms and Conditions provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without 
a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities of 2009 (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, 
“SchVG”), the Terms and Conditions of each Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with the 
consent of the majority of the Holders of such Series of Notes as described in § 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions. Therefore, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the 
Holders of such Series of Notes. As the relevant majority for Holders’ resolutions is generally based on 
votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of such Series of Notes outstanding, any such 
resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal 
amount of such Series of Notes outstanding. As such majority resolution is binding on all Holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change, certain rights of such Holders 
against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled, even 
for Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not 
received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect, which may have significant 
negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
Since the Terms and Conditions, in accordance with the SchVG, provide that the Holders are 
entitled to appoint a holders’ representative by a majority resolution of Holders of the relevant Series of 
Notes (the “Holders’ Representative”), it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual 
right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions of such Series of Notes against the 
Issuer, such right passing to the Holders’ Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim 
and enforce the rights of all the Holders of such Series of Notes. 
2.2.2 
Risks Relating to the Specific Conditions of the Notes 
2.2.2.1 
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer’s option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their respective maturity date at their 
principal amount if, as a result of a future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
Furthermore, if provided for in the Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may 
be redeemed (i) at their principal amount at the option of the Issuer within a specified period prior to 
their respective maturity date or at any time (ii) at the Call Redemption Amount (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions) or (iii) at the principal amount if 80%. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Series of Notes have been redeemed or purchased. 
If the Notes are redeemed earlier than expected by a Holder, a Holder is exposed to the risk that 
due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks 
connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The 
redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Holder for the Notes so that the Holder in such case would not receive the total amount 
of the capital. 
2.2.2.2 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate “Benchmarks” and possible Replacement of a 
Benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR). “Benchmarks” such as the EURIBOR (each a “Benchmark” and together, the 
“Benchmarks”) have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how

--- Page 38 ---
-29- 
 
they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, 
with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council’s 
regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) which 
is fully applicable since January 1, 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a 
Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a material adverse 
effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be 
determined for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest 
period has ceased to be calculated or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent 
adviser, which must be an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such independent adviser will be 
tasked with determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark 
exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, 
possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the 
independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate (the “New Benchmark Rate”), such 
rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such 
determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from the 
effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New 
Benchmark Rate prior to the relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the 
immediately following interest period shall be the reference rate applicable as at the last preceding 
interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to the subsequent operation 
of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the 
Holders of the relevant Notes compared to the applicable original benchmark rate. 
2.2.2.3 
Currency risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency which is different from 
the official currency where the investor is domiciled) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in 
currency exchange rates, which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates 
result from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions 
by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a 
corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than 
euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of

--- Page 39 ---
-30- 
 
the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments 
made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
2.2.2.4 
The Issuer’s ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes upon the occurrence of change of 
control events may be limited. 
If provided for in the Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, upon occurrence of change 
of control events, the Holders will have the right to require the redemption or, at the option of the Issuer, 
repurchase (or procure the purchase) in whole or in part of all of their Notes at 101% of the principal 
amount of such Notes, plus interest accrued up to (but excluding) the put date. The Issuer’s ability to 
redeem or repurchase Notes upon such a change of control event will be limited by its access to funds 
at the time of the redemption or repurchase, as the case may be, and the Issuer may be required to repay 
101% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest within a short period of 
time. The source of funds for these repayments would be the available cash or cash generated from other 
sources. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will have access to sufficient funds available 
upon a change of control event to make these repayments and any required redemption or repurchases 
of Notes. 
2.2.3 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a green, social or 
sustainable bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor.  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly, or other environmental, sustainable or social 
purposes (“Eligible Assets”). The Issuer has established a framework for such issuances which further 
specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Assets (the “Green Finance Framework”). The Green 
Finance Framework can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (www.deutsche-wohnen.com). For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance Framework nor the content of the website or any Third-
Party Opinion (as defined below) are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in 
the Green Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Series of Notes, the Issuer 
may refer to such Notes as, e.g., “green bonds”. There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “green” 
or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many 
and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies 
and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of “green” 
(or any equivalent label) they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer 
necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, 
taxonomies or objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on December 18, 2019, the Council and the European Parliament 
reached a political agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable 
development (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). On March 9, 2020, the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating 
to the overarching design of the EU taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how

--- Page 40 ---
-31- 
 
companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to 
a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable 
Finance in 2019 (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). On June 22, 2020, the Taxonomy Regulation 
entered into force. It will amend Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the 
financial services sector. Moreover, on June 12, 2020, the European Commission launched a public 
consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. Based on the outcome of this consultation, 
as well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is likely to establish the 
EU Green Bond Standard in the second quarter of 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European 
Commission Work Programme 2021. The EU Green Bond Standard is reflected in the Green Finance 
Framework on a best effort basis only and no assurance or representation is given that any Notes issued 
as described in the Green Finance Framework will, at any time, be compliant with the EU Green Bond 
Standard. 
Due to the still pending legislative initiatives, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds for relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Assets in 
accordance with the Green Finance Framework will satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing 
or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments 
are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Further, no assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the reporting under 
the Green Bond Framework will meet investor needs or expectations. 
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Eligible Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Green Finance Framework. However, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be disbursed in whole or in part for such Eligible 
Assets. Neither can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not constitute an event or default under 
the Notes or give the Noteholders the right to otherwise early terminate the Notes. 
Payment of principle and interest of Notes issued in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework will be made from Group’s general funds and will not be directly linked to the performance 
of any Eligible Assets. 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, social sustainability and/or other criteria 
(each a “Third-Party Opinion”) Any such Sustainability Evaluation may not address risks that may 
affect the value of any Notes issued under the Green Finance Framework or any Eligible Assets against 
which the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes. 
Such Third Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any 
Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security. Such Third Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Third 
Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Third Party Opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) 
at any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Third Party 
Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Third Party Opinion for 
the purpose of any investment in any Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
-32- 
 
Currently, the providers of such Third-Party Opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders, irrespective of whether or not 
such Notes will have any recourse against the provider(s) of any Third-Party Opinion. 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any index so labelled, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing, admission or inclusion 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to 
comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing, admission to trading 
or inclusion in any index will be obtained in respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing, admission to trading or inclusion will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any 
future voluntary or regulatory standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Assets and (iii) the withdrawal of any 
Third-Party Opinion may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially 
the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 42 ---
-33- 
 
3 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
3.1 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (the “Conditions”). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the “Terms and Conditions”) as further specified 
by the Final Terms (the “Final Terms”) as described below. 
3.2 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The 
Final Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
 Option I - Terms and Conditions for “Fixed Rate Notes”; and 
 Option II - Terms and Conditions for “Floating Rate Notes”. 
3.3 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the 
following ways: 
 The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the 
relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus 
in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone 
shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche. 
 Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by 
referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final 
Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, 
shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have 
the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
3.4 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains 
also certain further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through 
instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the 
Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either 
by replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to 
the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such 
alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from 
the Conditions.

--- Page 43 ---
-34- 
 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such 
provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the Issuer will elect either 
German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 44 ---
-35- 
 
4 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Anleihebedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Deutsche Fassung der 
Anleihebedingungen 
English language version 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
“Anleihebedingungen”) 
sind 
nachfolgend 
in 
zwei 
Optionen 
aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the “Terms and Conditions”) are set 
forth below for two options: 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that applies to Tranches of 
Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that applies to Tranches of 
Notes with floating interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für 
jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte 
weitere 
Optionen, 
die entsprechend 
gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder 
links 
von 
dem 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen 
Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each 
of these Options contains certain further 
options, 
which 
are 
characterized 
accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the 
right of, or in square brackets within, the 
set of Terms and Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I 
oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen 
bestimmten 
weiteren 
Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die betreffenden 
Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die 
betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will 
determine whether Option I or Option II 
including 
certain 
further 
options 
contained therein, respectively, shall 
apply with respect to an individual issue 
of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the 
relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der 
Billigung des Basisprospektes keine 
Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hat, 
die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, 
enthält dieser Basisprospekt Leerstellen 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern, 
die 
die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
zu 
vervollständigenden 
Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of 
the Base Prospectus the Issuer has no 
knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
contains 
placeholders set out in square brackets 
which include the relevant items that will 
be completed by the Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
-36- 
 
Im Fall, 
dass die 
Endgülti- 
gen Be- 
dingungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
an- 
wendbar 
sind, nur 
auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der 
Anleihe- 
bed-
ingungen 
der Option 
I oder 
Option II 
enthalten 
sind, ist 
fol- gendes 
anwend-
bar: 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch 
die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
“Endgültigen 
Bedingungen”) vervollständigt werden. 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob 
die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die 
gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen; 
sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser 
Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich der 
Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als 
aus 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
Geltung 
erhalten. 
Kopien 
der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich; bei nicht auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin an einer 
Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
Kopien 
der 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
allerdings 
ausschließlich für die Anleihegläubiger 
solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich. 
The provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as 
completed by the terms of the final terms 
which are attached hereto (the “Final 
Terms”). The blanks in the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are 
applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of 
such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
as to which the corresponding provisions 
of the Final Terms are not completed or 
are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes 
and text set out in square brackets) shall 
be deemed to be deleted from these Terms 
and Conditions, as required to give effect 
to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of 
the Final Terms may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent provided that, in the case of Notes 
which are not listed on any stock 
exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, 
copies of the relevant Final Terms will 
only be available to the Noteholders of 
such Notes. 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms 
applicable 
to an 
individual 
issue only 
refer to the 
further 
options 
contained 
in the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option 
I or Option 
II the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 46 ---
-37- 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für  
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION I 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
§ 1 
Währung, 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, 
Specified 
Denomination, Form 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen SE (die “Emittentin”) 
begibt Schuldverschreibungen (die 
“Schuldverschreibungen”) 
in 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
“Festgelegte 
Währung”) 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [Betrag], 
eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibun-
gen in der festgelegten Stückelung 
von je [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Betrag]
1  (die 
“Festgelegte 
Stückelung”). 
(a) 
Currency; 
Specified 
Denomination.  The 
Notes 
are 
issued by Deutsche Wohnen SE 
(the 
“Issuer”) 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
“Specified 
Currency”), in the aggregate 
principal amount of [amount], 
divided into notes in the specified 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Currency] 
[amount]
2 
 (the 
“Specified Denomination”) each 
(the “Notes”). 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in 
bearer form. 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
– 
Austausch.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
zunächst in einer vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde (die “Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde”) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
– 
Exchange.  The Notes are initially 
represented by a temporary global 
Note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”) without interest coupons. 
 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird insgesamt oder teilweise und 
unentgeltlich an oder nach dem 
Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach 
dem Tag des Beginns des Angebots 
liegt, gegen Nachweis über das 
Nichtbestehen 
wirtschaftlichen 
U.S.-Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-
Rechts 
(non-U.S. 
beneficial 
ownership) 
in 
der 
in 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
vorgesehenen Form, gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
“Dauer-Globalurkunde”) 
(die 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in 
part and free of charge, on or after 
the day that is 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the 
offering and the date of issue of the 
Notes for a permanent global Note 
(the “Permanent Global Note”) 
(the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a 
“Global Note”) without interest 
coupons upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note. The right of the 
Noteholders (as defined below) to 
require the issue and delivery of 
 
                                                     
1 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den 
Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 100.000 entspricht. 
2 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other 
currency at least equivalent to EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
-38- 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde jeweils auch 
eine 
“Globalurkunde”) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
ausgetauscht. 
Ein 
Recht der Anleihegläubiger (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
auf 
Ausgabe 
und 
Lieferung 
von 
Einzelurkunden oder Zinsscheinen 
besteht nicht. 
definitive notes or interest coupons 
is excluded. 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im 
Auftrag 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the 
Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of 
a 
Clearing 
System 
until 
all 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes have been satisfied. 
 
“Clearingsystem” bezeichnet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(“Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [,] 
[und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxemburg”)] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien, 
(“Euroclear”)] 
[(Clearstream, 
Luxemburg und Euroclear jeweils 
ein “ICSD” und zusammen die 
“ICSDs”)] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
“Clearing System” means [if 
more than one Clearing System 
the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of 
Germany 
(“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, 
(“Euroclear”)] 
[(Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear each 
an “ICSD” and together the 
“ICSDs”)] and any successor in 
such capacity. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
ausgegeben 
werden 
bzw. bei 
Verwah-
rung durch 
Clear-
stream 
Frankfurt, 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
zur 
Vertretung 
der 
Emittentin 
berechtigten Personen sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
intended 
to be 
issued in 
the 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
form or 
deposited 
with 
Clear-
stream 
Frank-
furt, the

--- Page 48 ---
-39- 
 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer New Global 
Note (“NGN”) ausgegeben und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form and are kept in 
custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the 
case of 
Notes in-
tended to 
be issued 
in the 
New 
Global 
Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine 
zu diesen Zwecken von einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuld-
verschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which 
reflect 
the 
amount 
of 
such 
customers’ interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin 
sicher, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
On any redemption or interest 
payment being made in respect of, 
or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such 
redemption, payment of interest or 
purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so

--- Page 49 ---
-40- 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird. 
redeemed 
or 
purchased 
and 
cancelled. 
Bei Austausch lediglich eines 
Anteils von durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen (in durch eine 
Dauer-Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen) wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only 
of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note (into 
Notes represented by a Permanent 
Global Note), the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
zur 
Vertretung 
der 
Emittentin 
berechtigten Personen sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent and the 
manual signature of an authorised 
officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(“Anleihegläubiger”) 
stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile 
oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der 
Globalurkunde zu, die gemäß 
anwendbarem Recht und den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des 
Clearingsystems 
übertragen 
werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The holders of Notes 
(“Noteholders”) are entitled to co-
ownership participations or other 
comparable rights in the Global 
Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und 
mit allen anderen nicht besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
nichts 
anderes 
vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for any obligations 
required to be preferred by law.

--- Page 50 ---
-41- 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, 
an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und 
Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt wurden, keine 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechte an 
ihren 
Vermögenswerten 
zur 
Besicherung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu 
bestellen oder fortbestehen zu 
lassen, und zu gewährleisten, dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften die zuvor 
genannten 
Sicherungsrechte 
bestellt oder fortbestehen lässt, es 
sei denn, die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
durch 
das 
betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht gleichrangig mit 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, 
sofern es sich dabei um eine 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeit 
handelt, 
im 
Vergleich 
dazu 
vorrangig) besichert. 
(b) 
Negative 
pledge.  The 
Issuer 
undertakes, so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
create or permit to subsist, and to 
procure that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will create or permit 
to subsist, any security interest in 
rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) 
over its assets to secure any Capital 
Market Indebtedness other than 
Securitized 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness unless the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes are 
secured equally with (or, in case 
such Capital Market Indebtedness 
is subordinated debt, senior in 
priority to) the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by such 
security interest. 
 
Die Verpflichtungserklärung nach 
diesem § 2(b) gilt jedoch nicht für 
eine Sicherheit, die 
The undertaking pursuant to this 
§ 2(b) shall not apply to a security 
which 
 
(i) 
über 
Vermögensgegenstände 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, die erst nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin 
wurde, 
gewährt wurde; 
(i) 
was granted over assets of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer that 
becomes a Subsidiary only 
after the issue date of the 
Notes; 
 
(ii) 
nach anwendbarem Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
ist; 
(ii) 
is mandatory according to 
applicable laws; 
 
(iii) 
Voraussetzung 
für 
die 
Gewährung 
staatlicher 
Genehmigungen ist; 
(iii) 
is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals; 
 
(iv) 
bereits 
am 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
(iv) 
exists on the issue date of 
the Notes;

--- Page 51 ---
-42- 
 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestand; 
(v) 
durch 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zur 
Sicherung 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
aufgrund der Weiterleitung 
von 
Erlösen 
aus 
der 
Emission von Wertpapieren 
gewährt wurde, soweit diese 
Sicherheit zur Sicherung 
von Verpflichtungen dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
aus 
diesen Wertpapieren dient; 
(v) 
is granted by a Subsidiary 
over any existing or future 
claims of this Subsidiary 
against the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries as a result of 
passing on proceeds from 
the sale of any issuance of 
any securities, provided that 
such security serves as 
security for obligations of 
this Subsidiary under such 
securities; 
 
(vi) 
eine im Zeitpunkt einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichert, die infolge der 
Akquisition 
eine 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin wird; 
(vi) 
secures 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness existing at the 
time of an acquisition that 
becomes an obligation of the 
Issuer as a consequence of 
such acquisition; 
 
(vii) eine 
Erneuerung, 
Verlängerung 
oder 
Ersetzung einer Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehender Ziffern 
(i) bis (vi) darstellt; oder 
(vii) constitutes 
the 
renewal, 
extension or replacement of 
any security pursuant to the 
foregoing (i) through (vi); or 
 
(viii) nicht 
in 
den 
Anwendungsbereich von (i) 
bis (vii) fällt und Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten 
besichert, 
deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Kapitalbetrag 
anderer 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten, für 
die dingliche Sicherheiten 
(begeben 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft) 
bestehen, die nicht in den 
Anwendungsbereich von (i) 
bis 
(vii) 
fallen) 
EUR 400.000.000 (bzw. den 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) 
nicht 
überschreitet. 
(viii) does not fall within the 
scope of application of (i) 
through (vii) above and 
which 
secures 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness with a 
principal 
amount 
(when 
aggregated 
with 
the 
principal amount of other 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness which has the 
benefit of security (issued 
by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary) other than any 
falling within the scope of 
application of (i) through 
(vii) above) not exceeding 
EUR 400,000,000 (or its 
equivalent 
in 
other 
currencies).

--- Page 52 ---
-43- 
 
Entsteht für die Emittentin eine 
Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 2(b) (oder entsteht die 
Verpflichtung, 
für 
deren 
Besicherung 
durch 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
Sorge zu tragen), so ist die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Verpflichtung dadurch zu erfüllen, 
dass sie ein Sicherungsrecht an 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Sicherungsgegenstand zugunsten 
eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders 
bestellt (bzw. dadurch, dass sie die 
betreffende 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zur 
Begründung 
eines 
solchen 
Sicherungsrechts veranlasst), und 
zwar in einer Weise, dass der 
Sicherheitentreuhänder 
diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand 
dinglich 
oder, falls rechtlich nicht möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig 
zugunsten der Anleihegläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen und 
der Anleihegläubiger derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, 
die aufgrund der Besicherung zur 
Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
Whenever the Issuer becomes 
obliged to secure (or procure that a 
Material Subsidiary secures) the 
Notes pursuant to this § 2(b), the 
Issuer shall be entitled to discharge 
such obligation by providing (or 
procuring 
that 
the 
relevant 
Material Subsidiary provides) a 
security interest in the relevant 
collateral to a security trustee, such 
security trustee to hold such 
collateral and the security interest 
that gave rise to the creation of 
such collateral, equally, for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and the 
holders of the Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
secured 
by 
the 
security interest that gave rise to 
the creation of such security 
interest in such collateral, such 
equal rank to be created in rem or, 
if this is legally impossible to 
create 
in 
rem, 
contractually 
(dinglich oder, falls rechtlich nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig). 
 
(c) 
Definitionen. 
(c) 
Definitions. 
 
“Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” 
bezeichnet jede gegenwärtige oder 
künftige 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), 
die verbrieft ist in Form von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen 
oder sonstigen Wertpapieren, die 
an 
einer 
Börse, 
einem 
außerbörslichen Markt oder an 
einem 
anderen 
anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden 
können, 
bzw. 
von 
Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit 
“Capital Market Indebtedness” 
means any present or future 
obligation for the payment of 
borrowed 
money 
(including 
obligations by reason of any 
guarantee 
or 
other 
liability 
agreement for such obligations of 
third parties) which is in the form 
of, or represented by, bonds, notes 
or other securities which are 
capable of being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange, 
over-the-counter-
market 
or 
other 
recognised 
securities market or Schuldschein 
loans (except for Schuldschein 
loans secured, inter alia, by 
collateral over real estate).

--- Page 53 ---
-44- 
 
Ausnahme 
von 
Schuldscheindarlehen, die u.a. mit 
Sicherheiten 
an 
Immobilien 
besichert sind). 
“Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet 
jede Person, die bei der Erstellung 
der 
Konzernabschlüsse 
der 
Emittentin mit ihr konsolidiert 
werden muss. 
“Subsidiary” means any Person 
that must be consolidated with the 
Issuer 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
preparing Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer. 
 
“Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verbriefung oder vergleichbaren 
Finanzierungsvereinbarung 
in 
Bezug auf Vermögenswerte der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die 
Rückgriffsrechte der Gläubiger der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
auf 
die Emittentin ausschließlich auf 
die betreffenden Vermögenswerte 
oder die daraus erzielten Erträge 
beschränkt sind. 
“Securitized 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness” means any Capital 
Market Indebtedness incurred in 
respect of or in connection with 
any 
securitization 
or 
similar 
financing arrangement relating to 
assets owned by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries 
and 
where 
the 
recourse of the holders of such 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
against the Issuer is limited solely 
to such assets or any income 
generated therefrom. 
 
“Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin, deren Bilanzsumme 
mindestens 2 % der Summe Aktiva 
(wie in §9 (d) definiert) ausmacht. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer whose 
total assets are at least equal to 2 
per cent. of the Total Assets (as 
defined in §9 (d)). 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
(a) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage.  Die Schuldver-
schreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ab 
dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
“Verzinsungsbeginn”) 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
(a) 
Rate of interest and Interest 
Payment Dates.  The Notes bear 
interest 
on 
their 
Specified 
Denomination from and including 
[insert Interest Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
“Interest 
Commencement Date”) to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden mit jährlich [Zinssatz 
einfügen] % verzinst. Die Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate 
of [insert rate of interest] per cent. 
per annum, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
“Zinszahlungstag” 
bezeichnet 
den [Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] 
“Interest Payment Date” means 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] 
in each year, commencing on

--- Page 54 ---
-45- 
 
eines jeden Jahres, erstmals den 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
[insert 
first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]. 
Im Falle 
einer 
kurzen 
oder langen 
ersten Zins-
periode gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich 
auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung einfügen] 
je Festgelegter Stückelung. 
The first payment of interest will 
amount to [insert initial Broken 
Interest Amount per Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination.  
In case of 
a short or 
long first 
coupon 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Sofern der 
Endfällig-
keitstag 
kein 
Zinszah-
lungstag 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab 
dem 
[den 
letzten 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) 
belaufen sich auf [abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung einfügen] 
je Festgelegter Stückelung und 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period 
from and including [insert Interest 
Payment 
Date 
preceding 
the 
Maturity Date] to but excluding 
the Maturity Date will amount to 
[insert 
final 
Broken 
Interest 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination, such interest being 
payable in arrear on the Maturity 
Date. 
If the 
Maturity 
Date is 
not an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, the 
following 
applies: 
(b) 
Zinstagequotient.  Zinsen für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger 
Zeitraum, 
für 
den 
ein 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag festgelegt ist) 
werden auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet. 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction.  If interest is 
required to be calculated for any 
period of time (other than any 
period of time for which a broken 
interest amount has been fixed), 
such interest shall be calculated on 
the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction. 
 
“Zinstagequotient” 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem Tag, an dem dieser fällig wird 
(ausschließlich)) 
(der 
“Zinsberechnungszeitraum”): 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in 
respect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and 
including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the day on 
which 
it 
falls 
due) 
(the 
“Calculation Period”): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (A) der Anzahl von 
Tagen in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(B) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the 
Determination 
Period 
during which it falls, the 
number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (A) the 
number of days in such 
Determination Period and 
(B) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
and 
If 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 55 ---
-46- 
 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
als 
eine 
Feststellungsperiode ist, die 
Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is 
longer 
than 
one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitr
aum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, in der der 
Zinsberechnungszeitr
aum beginnt, dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus 
(1) der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden
, die üblicherweise in 
einem Jahr enden; 
und 
(A) 
the number of days in 
such 
Calculation 
Period falling in the 
Determination Period 
in 
which 
the 
Calculation 
Period 
begins divided by the 
product of (1) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (2) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year; 
and 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitr
aum, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden
, die üblicherweise in 
einem Jahr enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in 
such 
Calculation 
Period falling in the 
next 
Determination 
Period divided by the 
product of (1) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (2) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
“Feststellungstermin” 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) 
einfügen];  
“Determination 
Date” 
means 
each 
[insert 
Determination Date(s)]; 
 
“Feststellungsperiode” 
bezeichnet jeden Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
“Determination 
Period” 
means each period from and 
including a Determination 
Date in any year to but

--- Page 56 ---
-47- 
 
(einschließlich), der in ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in 
das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert 
durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, 
dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if 
any 
portion of 
that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period 
not falling in a leap year divided by 
365). 
If 
"Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)" 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
365 
(Fixed)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365. 
If 
"Actual / 
365 
(Fixed)" 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360. 
If 
"Actual / 
360" 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 
360"oder 
"360 / 360" 
oder Bond 
Basis Me-
thode an-
wendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, (wobei die Anzahl der 
Tage auf Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei 
denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monats fällt; in diesem Fall 
the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day 
of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not 
be considered to be shortened to a 
If "30 / 
360" or 
"360 / 
360" or 
Bond 
Basis 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 57 ---
-48- 
 
ist der Monat des letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln; oder (B) der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats 
Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln). 
30-day month, or (B) the last day 
of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month). 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder 
"Eurobond 
Basis" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 
Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, 
und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des Datums des ersten oder letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or 
"Eurobo
nd Basis" 
applies, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(c) 
Ende des Zinslaufs.  Der Zinslauf 
der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
an dem Ende des Tages, der dem 
Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, endet 
die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags der Schuldverschrei-
bungen nicht am Tag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem 
Ende des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende 
Zinssatz wird gemäß diesem § 3 
bestimmt. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben unberührt. 
(c) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The 
Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding 
their due date for redemption. If 
the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the 
due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of 
the Notes. The applicable rate of 
interest will be determined in 
accordance with this § 3. This does 
not affect any additional rights that 
might 
be 
available 
to 
the 
Noteholders. 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits insgesamt oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
eingezogen, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
am 
[Endfälligkeitstag einfügen] (der 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the 
extent not previously redeemed in 
whole or in part, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed 
at 
their 
Specified 
Denomination on [insert Maturity 
Date] (the “Maturity Date”).

--- Page 58 ---
-49- 
 
“Endfälligkeitstag”) 
zurückgezahlt.  
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Gross-up-
Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a 
Gross up Event. 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu 
dem festgelegten Rückzahlungstag 
zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(b) 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich der bis zum festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined 
below) occurs, the Issuer may, 
upon giving a notice of redemption 
in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time 
with effect on the specified 
redemption date. If the Issuer 
exercises 
its 
call 
right 
in 
accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(b), the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Specified Denomination 
together with interest accrued to 
but 
excluding 
the 
specified 
redemption date on the specified 
redemption date. 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung 
darf nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag erfolgen, an dem die 
Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in 
§ 6(b) definiert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6(b)). 
 
Ein “Gross-up-Ereignis” tritt ein, 
wenn die Emittentin als Folge 
einer Änderung, Ergänzung oder 
Klarstellung der Gesetze oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, die 
Steuern oder die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher 
Art betreffen, oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der 
letzten 
Tranche 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen wirksam) 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet 
sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6(b) zu zahlen und diese 
A “Gross up Event” will occur if 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws or other rules of the Federal 
Republic of Germany affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of 
such 
laws 
or 
rules, 
which 
amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last tranche of the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 6(b), and 
this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of measures available to 
the Issuer which are, in the 
judgement of the Issuer, in each

--- Page 59 ---
-50- 
 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann, die nach 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die 
Interessen der Anleihegläubiger zu 
berücksichtigen sind.) 
case taking into account the 
interests 
of 
Noteholders, 
reasonable. 
(c) 
[Keine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin] 
[Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer] [Early redemption at 
the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) 
vorzeitig 
zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
außer 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, 
otherwise than provided in § 4(b). 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion 
pursuant 
to § 4(c), 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-
Whole 
Rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(i)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(i)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[(i)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with 
effect 
on 
the 
specified 
redemption date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 
1 of this § 4(c)[(i)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
specified redemption date 
on the specified redemption 
date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
at the 
Make-
Whole 
Redempti
on 
Amount, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 60 ---
-51- 
 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Der 
“Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag” 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht dem höheren von: 
The 
“Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount” per 
Note shall be the higher of: 
 
(i) 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung; oder 
(i) 
the 
Specified 
Denomination; or 
 
(ii) 
dem 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert. 
(ii) 
the Present Value. 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzah-
lungsbetrag wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungs-
tag berechnet. 
The 
Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount shall 
be 
calculated 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent on the 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date.  
 
Der 
“Abgezinste 
Marktwert” ist die Summe 
aus 
The “Present Value” will be 
the sum of 
 
(a) 
dem 
auf 
den 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten Wert des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung, 
der 
ansonsten 
am 
Endfälligkeitstag 
fällig werden würde; 
und 
(a) 
the 
Specified 
Denomination to be 
redeemed 
which 
would 
otherwise 
become due on the 
Maturity 
Date, 
discounted 
to 
the 
specified redemption 
date; and 
 
(b) 
den jeweils auf den 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Werten 
der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen, 
die 
ansonsten an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag nach 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag bis 
zum Endfälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) fällig 
werden 
würden 
(ausschließlich 
etwaiger, bis zu dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen). 
(b) 
the remaining interest 
payments 
which 
would 
otherwise 
become due on each 
Interest Payment Date 
falling 
after 
the 
specified redemption 
date to and including 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
(excluding 
any 
interest accrued to but 
excluding 
the 
specified redemption 
date), 
each 
discounted 
to 
the 
specified redemption 
date.

--- Page 61 ---
-52- 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
errechnet den Abgezinsten 
Marktwert 
am 
Rückzahlungsberechnungs-
tag 
gemäß 
der 
Marktkonvention auf einer 
Grundlage, 
die 
der 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsen 
gemäß § 3 entspricht, wobei 
sie die Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz 
einfügen] % zugrunde legt. 
The Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Present Value 
on 
the 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date 
in 
accordance 
with 
market 
convention on a basis which 
is 
consistent 
with 
the 
calculation of interest as set 
out 
in 
§ 3, 
using 
the 
Benchmark 
Yield 
plus 
[insert percentage] per cent. 
 
Die “Benchmark-Rendite” 
bezeichnet 
die 
am 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag bestehende 
Rendite der entsprechenden 
[einfügen: [Euro-Referenz-
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere Wertpapierkennung, 
wie 
gegen 
12:00 
Uhr 
mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] 
[andere relevante Zeitzone] 
an diesem Tag auf der 
Bloomberg 
Seite 
[ISIN] 
Govt HP (unter Nutzung der 
Einstellung “Last Yield to 
Convention” 
und 
der 
Preisquelle 
[“FRNK”] 
[andere 
relevante 
Preisquelle]) 
abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
festgelegten, 
Quelle 
hergeleitet 
oder 
veröffentlicht] oder, sollte 
die 
Rendite 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar 
sein, 
bezeichnet 
die 
Benchmark-Rendite 
eine 
ersetzende Referenzanleihe, 
die von der Emittentin 
festgesetzt wird, mit einer 
Laufzeit, 
die 
mit 
der 
verbleibenden Restlaufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibung bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
vergleichbar ist, und die im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahlentscheidung und 
The “Benchmark Yield” 
means the yield at the 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date of the corresponding 
[insert [euro denominated 
benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of 
Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the 
following details: ISIN or 
other securities code, as 
observed at around noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other 
relevant time] on such date 
on Bloomberg page [ISIN] 
Govt HP (using the setting 
“Last Yield to Convention” 
and using the pricing source 
[“FRNK”] [other source as 
relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other 
source as determined by the 
Issuer], and if such yield is 
not available at that time, the 
Benchmark Yield shall be 
the yield of a substitute 
benchmark security chosen 
by the Issuer, having a 
maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note 
to the Maturity Date, and 
that would be used at the 
time of selection and in 
accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable 
maturity to the Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 62 ---
-53- 
 
entsprechend der üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen 
von 
Unternehmensanleihen mit 
einer 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit 
verwendet werden würde. 
“Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag” ist der 
zehnte 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag, an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4(c)(i) 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
“Redemption Calculation 
Date” means the tenth 
Business Day prior to the 
specified redemption date 
on which the Notes are 
redeemed 
in 
accordance 
with this § 4(c)(i). 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
am/an Call-
Rück-
zahlungs-
tag(en) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(ii)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
/ 
den 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 
dieses 
§ 4(c)[(ii)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuld-
verschreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
betreffenden 
Call-
[(ii)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If 
the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with 
sentence 
1 
of 
this 
§ 4(c)[(ii)], the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note at its 
relevant Call Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding the specified Call 
Redemption Date on the 
specified Call Redemption 
Date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
on the 
Call 
Redemp-
tion 
Date(s), 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 63 ---
-54- 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
während 
einer Call-
Rückzah-
lungsperiod
e nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iii)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung 
zu dem festgelegten Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(iii)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuld-
verschreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
betreffenden 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
[(iii)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the 
specified Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises 
its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 of this 
§ 4(c)[(iii)], the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note at its Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
specified Call Redemption 
Date on the specified Call 
Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
during 
Call 
Redemp-
tion 
Period, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 64 ---
-55- 
 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.  
“Call-Rückzahlungstag” 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Geschäftstag innerhalb einer 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode. 
“Call Redemption Date” 
means each Business Day 
within the Call Redemption 
Period(s) as selected by the 
Issuer. 
 
Call- Rückzahlungsperiode 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
 
[Call- Rückzahlungsperiode einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Period(s)] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transaktion
sbezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahl-
rückzahlun
gsbetrag 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iv)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
gemäß 
den 
nachstehend 
aufgeführten Bedingungen 
und 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
mit 
Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(iv)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Transaktions-
[(iv)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a Transaction Trigger Notice 
in accordance with the 
requirements set out below 
and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole 
but not in part) with effect 
on 
the 
Trigger 
Call 
Redemption Date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 
1 of this § 4(c)[(iv)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each 
Note to be redeemed at the 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption 
Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
upon 
occur-
rence of a 
transac-
tion 
related 
event, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 65 ---
-56- 
 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.  
“Transaktion” bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten Transaktion für 
deren 
Finanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben werden].  
“Transaction” 
means 
[insert 
description 
of 
envisaged transaction for 
which 
the 
Notes 
are 
intended to be issued for 
refinancing purposes]. 
 
“Transaktionskündigungs
frist” 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen] bis zum [Datum 
Ende 
des 
Zeitraums 
einfügen]. 
“Transaction 
Notice 
Period” means the period 
from [insert issue date of the 
Notes] to [insert end of 
period date]. 
 
“Transaktions-Mitteilung” 
bezeichnet eine Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) und § 12 innerhalb 
der 
Transak-
tionskündigungsfrist, 
dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem 
Abschluss 
abgebrochen 
wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht 
durchgeführt wird oder dass 
die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht 
länger 
beabsichtigt, 
die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung 
hat ferner den Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
bezeichnen.  
“Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice” means a notice to 
the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and 
§ 12 within the Transaction 
Notice 
Period 
that 
the 
Transaction 
has 
been 
aborted 
prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be 
settled 
for 
any 
reason 
whatsoever or that the Issuer 
has publicly stated that it no 
longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice 
shall also specify the Trigger 
Redemption Date.  
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Emittentin kann auf ihr 
Recht 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach Eintritt eines der oben 
bezeichneten 
Ereignisse 
durch 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer may at any time 
waive its right to call the 
Notes 
for 
redemption 
following the occurrence of 
one of the events detailed 
above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § 12.

--- Page 66 ---
-57- 
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag” 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
ist 
gleich 
[●] % 
der 
Festgelegten Stückelung.  
“Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount” per Note means 
[●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag” 
bezeichnet 
den 
in 
der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag. 
“Trigger Call Redemption 
Date” means the redemption 
date 
specified 
in 
the 
Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines gerin-
gen 
ausstehen-
den 
Nennbetrag
s vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(v)] Sofern 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 
20 % oder weniger des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen der 
Serie, 
die 
ursprünglich 
ausgegeben wurden, fällt, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(v)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung 
an 
dem 
[(v)] If at any time the aggregate 
principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding is equal 
to or less than 20 per cent. of 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of the Notes of the 
Series originally issued, the 
Issuer may, upon giving a 
notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with 
effect 
on 
the 
specified 
redemption date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 
1 of this § 4(c)[(v)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each 
Note 
at 
its 
Specified 
Denomination together with 
interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
specified 
redemption date on the 
specified redemption date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
for a 
minimal 
out-
standing 
principal 
amount, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 67 ---
-58- 
 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die 
Emittentin hat die Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß 
§ 4(b) 
oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 12 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen zu erklären. Die 
Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, und 
in ihr wird bestimmt: 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption 
pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing 
a 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12 subject to observing a notice 
period of not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
– 
genaue Bezeichnung der zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the 
Series of Notes subject to 
redemption, including the 
securities codes; 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; 
[und] 
– 
the applicable date of early 
redemption; [and] 
 
– 
der 
betreffende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, soweit dieser zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
Kündigungserklärung schon 
feststeht. 
– 
the applicable redemption 
amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed early, if 
such applicable redemption 
amount has already been 
fixed on the date of the 
publication of the notice. 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-
Whole 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
unmittelbar nach Bestimmung des 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrags durch die 
Berechnungsstelle 
diesen 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption 
Calculation Date immediately after 
the 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount has been fixed by the 
Calculation Agent notify such 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 12. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
at the 
Make-

--- Page 68 ---
-59- 
 
Rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt zu machen. 
Whole 
Redemp-
tion 
Amount, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
umgehend Mitteilung über die 
Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required 
by such stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed at the initiative 
of the Issuer, such stock exchange 
as soon as possible of such 
redemption. 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
[Keine 
vorzeitige] 
[Vorzeitige] 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
des 
Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at 
the option of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger kein 
Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in 
Fällen 
des 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: § 4(g) oder des] § 8 
zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, 
von der Emittentin eine vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to put the Notes for 
redemption 
otherwise 
than 
provided in [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption as a 
result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 
at any time. 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat nach 
Wahl des Anleihegläubigers 
einzelne oder sämtliche von 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen am / 
an 
den 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Noteholder, 
redeem, 
on 
the 
Put 
Redemption Date(s), all or 
some only of the Notes held 
by the Noteholder at the 
relevant Put Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding the specified Put 
Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)]

--- Page 69 ---
-60- 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht 
das Recht, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung zu verlangen, 
nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
die 
Emittentin zuvor gemäß § 4 
verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not 
exercise the option for early 
redemption in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Issuer of its right to redeem 
such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, 
hat der Anleihegläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Put-Rückzahlungstag, 
an dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle während der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte Erklärung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(“Ausübungserklärung”), 
wie sie von der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, zu hinterlegen. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für 
die das Recht ausgeübt wird, 
(ii) 
den 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
und 
(iii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Recht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an 
die Emittentin oder an deren 
Order. Die Ausübung des 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the 
option, the Noteholder must, 
not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in 
the Put Notice (as defined 
below), 
submit 
during 
normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent a duly completed 
early 
redemption 
notice 
(“Put Notice”) in the form 
available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Put Notice must specify 
(i) the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option 
is exercised, (ii) the Put 
Redemption 
Date 
and 
(iii) the 
securities 
identification numbers of 
such Notes. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem 
Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised 
against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order. 
No 
option 
so 
exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn.

--- Page 70 ---
-61- 
 
Rechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
 
 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit vorbehaltlich zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig 
sowie zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
erwerben. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
eingezogen, gehalten oder wieder 
veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may at any time and subject to 
mandatory 
provisions 
of 
law 
purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, 
held or resold. 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwechse
ls vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the 
Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion as a 
result of 
a Change 
of 
Control 
the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt, dann ist 
jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
aber nicht verpflichtet, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin, den 
Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung 
eines Ankaufs) einzelner oder 
sämtlicher 
von 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb 
von 
60 
Tagen 
nach 
der 
Gläubigerwahl-
Ausübungserklärung zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) (das 
“Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht”) 
zu 
verlangen. 
Dieses 
Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie 
unter 
den 
nachstehenden 
Unterabsätzen 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
If a Change of Control occurs after 
the issue date of the Notes, each 
Noteholder shall have the right, but 
not the obligation, to require the 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all or some only of the 
Notes held by the Noteholder, 
within 60 days from the Put Event 
Notice, at the Put Redemption 
Amount (the “Put Option”). Such 
Put Option shall operate as set out 
under the subparagraphs below.  
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Ein “Kontrollwechsel” gilt jedes 
Mal als eingetreten (unabhängig 
davon, ob der Vorstand oder der 
Aufsichtsrat 
der 
Emittentin 
zugestimmt haben), wenn eine 
oder 
mehrere 
Personen, 
die 
gemeinsam 
handeln, 
(die 
“relevante(n) Person(en)”) oder 
ein oder mehrere Dritte, die im 
A “Change of Control” shall be 
deemed to have occurred at each 
time (whether or not approved by 
the 
management 
board 
or 
supervisory board of the Issuer) 
that any person or persons acting in 
concert (“Relevant Person(s)”) or 
any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such Relevant

--- Page 71 ---
-62- 
 
Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) 
handeln, 
zu 
irgendeiner 
Zeit 
unmittelbar oder mittelbar (i) mehr 
als 
50 % 
des 
ausstehenden 
Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder 
(ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien 
der Emittentin, auf die mehr als 
50 % der Stimmrechte entfallen, 
erwirbt bzw. erwerben oder hält 
bzw. halten. 
Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to 
own (i) more than 50 per cent. of 
the issued ordinary share capital of 
the Issuer or (ii) such number of 
the shares in the capital of the 
Issuer carrying more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights. 
Der “Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)” bezeichnet für jede Schuld-
verschreibung 
101 % 
des 
Nennbetrags einer solchen Schuld-
verschreibung 
zuzüglich 
nicht 
gezahlter 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen. 
“Put 
Redemption 
Amount” 
means for each Note 101 per cent. 
of the principal amount of such 
Note, plus unpaid interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
 
Tritt nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die 
Emittentin 
dies 
unverzüglich, 
nachdem die Emittentin davon 
Kenntnis 
erlangt 
hat, 
den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 mit 
(eine 
“Gläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsereignis-
Mitteilung”) und gibt dabei die 
Art des Kontrollwechsels und das 
in diesem § 4(g) vorgesehene 
Verfahren 
zur Ausübung 
des 
Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit 
Angaben zum Clearingsystem-
Konto der Emissionsstelle für die 
Zwecke 
des 
folgenden 
Unterabsatzes 
(ii)(x) 
dieses 
§ 4(g)). 
If a Change of Control occurs after 
the issue date of the Notes, then the 
Issuer shall, without undue delay, 
after the Issuer becoming aware 
thereof, give notice of the Change 
of Control (a “Put Event Notice”) 
to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 12 specifying the nature of 
the Change of Control and the 
procedure for exercising the Put 
Option contained in this § 4(g) 
(including the information on the 
Clearing System account of the 
Fiscal Agent for purposes of the 
following subparagraph (ii)(x) of 
this § 4(g). 
 
Zur Ausübung des Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
an 
einem 
Geschäftstag innerhalb von 60 
Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Gläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung 
bekannt 
gegeben 
wurde 
(der 
“Ausübungszeitraum”) (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils 
To exercise the Put Option, the 
Noteholder must deliver on any 
Business Day within 60 days after 
a Put Event Notice has been 
published (the “Put Period”) (i) to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the 
Fiscal Agent (a “Put Notice”) and 
(ii) the 
aggregate 
Specified 
Denomination of Notes for which 
the Noteholder wishes to exercise 
its 
Put 
Option 
by 
either

--- Page 72 ---
-63- 
 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form 
einreichen 
(die 
“Gläubiger-
Ausübungserklärung”) 
und 
(ii) Schuld-verschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Anleihegläubiger sein Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben 
möchte, und zwar entweder durch 
(x) Übertragung dieser Schuldver-
schreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Emissionsstelle oder (y) Abgabe 
einer unwiderruflichen Anweisung 
an die Emissionsstelle, die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
aus 
einem 
Wertpapierdepot 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle auszubuchen. Die 
Emittentin wird die betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) 
sieben 
Tage 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Ausübungszeitraums (der “Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put)”) 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl 
ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), 
soweit sie nicht bereits vorher 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte Schuldverschreibun-
gen erfolgt gemäß den üblichen 
Verfahren 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Gläubiger-
Ausübungserklärung 
ist 
unwiderruflich. 
(x) transferring such Notes to the 
Clearing System account of the 
Fiscal Agent or (y) giving an 
irrevocable instruction to the Fiscal 
Agent to withdraw such Notes 
from a securities account of the 
Noteholder with the Fiscal Agent. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its 
option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the relevant Note(s) 
on the date seven days after the 
expiration of the Put Period (the 
“Put Date”) unless previously 
redeemed 
or 
purchased 
and 
cancelled. Payment in respect of 
any Note so delivered will be made 
in accordance with the customary 
procedures through the Clearing 
System. A Put Notice, once given, 
shall be irrevocable. 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital 
und Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
erfolgt 
an 
die 
Zahlstelle zur Weiterleitung an das 
Clearingsystem oder gemäß dessen 
Weisung zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. Die Zahlung von 
(a) 
Payments 
of 
Principal 
and 
Interest.  Payment of principal and 
interest on the Notes shall be made 
to, 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
for 
forwarding to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the 
accounts 
of 
the 
relevant 
accountholders of the Clearing 
System. Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, upon

--- Page 73 ---
-64- 
 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt nach ordnungsgemäßem 
Nachweis gemäß § 1(c). 
due certification as provided in 
§ 1(c). 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen werden in der 
Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in 
Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen 
stehen 
unter 
dem 
Vorbehalt 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien 
und 
Verordnungen oder Verträge denen 
sich 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
unterworfen 
haben. 
Vorbehaltlich 
§ 6(b) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge als Ausgleich 
für irgendwelche Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die 
aufgrund solcher steuerlichen oder 
sonstigen 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien 
oder 
Verordnungen 
oder 
Verträge 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of 
any amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All 
payments will be subject to all 
applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives 
and 
regulations 
or 
agreements to which the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
agree to be subject. Without 
prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 6(b), the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders 
any 
additional 
amounts 
as 
compensation for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such fiscal and other 
laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
 
(c) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder gemäß dessen 
Weisung von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
(d) 
Geschäftstag.  Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschrei-
bung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag ist, dann hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung 
vor 
dem 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag am 
jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. 
Der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(d) 
Business Day.  If the due date for 
payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Business Day, 
then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect 
of such delay. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet 
“Geschäftstag” einen Tag (außer 
For these purposes, “Business 
Day” means a day (other than a

--- Page 74 ---
-65- 
 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) das Clearingsystem und 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) 
the Clearing System is open, and 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes: 
(ii) 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
(ii) commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments 
in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency 
is not 
Euro, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(ii) das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) geöffnet sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
(ii) the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) are open to effect 
payments. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency 
is Euro, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und 
Zinsen.  Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: [Make-
Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag] [,] 
[Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag] 
[,] 
[Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag 
(Put)] 
[,] 
gegebenenfalls 
gemäß 
§ 6(b) 
zahlbare Zusätzliche Beträge und 
alle Aufschläge oder sonstigen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
damit 
gegebenenfalls zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gegebenenfalls gemäß 
§ 6(b) 
zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträge ein. 
(e) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest.  References 
in 
these 
Terms and Conditions to principal 
in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
the 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[,] 
[Trigger 
Call 
Redemption Amount] [,] [the Put 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[,] 
Additional Amounts which may be 
payable under § 6(b) and any other 
premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to 
interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, 
any 
Additional 
Amounts which may be payable 
under § 6(b). 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und 
Zinsen.  Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach 
dem Endfälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die 
Anleihegläubiger sich nicht in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
(f) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest.  
The Issuer may deposit with the 
local 
court 
(Amtsgericht) 
of 
Frankfurt am Main principal or 
interest 
not 
claimed 
by 
Noteholders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even 
though such Noteholders may not 
be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the

--- Page 75 ---
-66- 
 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Anleihegläubiger 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin. 
respective 
claims 
of 
such 
Noteholders against the Issuer 
shall cease. 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von Steuern.  Sämtliche auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, 
Festsetzungen 
oder 
behördlicher Gebühren jedweder 
Art geleistet (“Steuern”), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder 
zur 
Erhebung 
von 
Steuern 
berechtigten 
Behörden 
oder 
sonstigen 
Stellen 
auferlegt, 
erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten 
oder festgesetzt werden, sofern 
nicht die Emittentin kraft Gesetzes 
oder 
einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. 
(a) 
Payments 
free 
of 
Taxes.  All 
amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes will be paid free and clear of, 
and 
without 
withholding 
or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments 
or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
(“Taxes”) 
imposed, 
levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Issuer’s country of domicile for 
tax purposes or any political 
subdivision or any authority or any 
other agency of or in the Issuer’s 
country of domicile for tax 
purposes that has power to tax, 
unless the Issuer is compelled by 
law to make such withholding or 
deduction. 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlung 
zusätzlicher 
Beträge. 
Sofern die Emittentin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
zusätzliche 
Beträge 
(die 
“Zusätzlichen Beträge”) an die 
Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass 
die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, 
die 
sie 
ohne 
den 
betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug 
erhalten 
hätten. 
Solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch 
nicht 
zahlbar 
wegen 
solcher 
Steuern in Bezug auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
(b) 
Payment of Additional Amounts. If 
the Issuer is required to make such 
withholding or deduction, the 
Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts 
(the 
“Additional 
Amounts”) to the Noteholders as 
the 
Noteholders 
would 
have 
received if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional 
Amounts will be payable for any 
such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
(i) 
die 
anders 
als 
durch 
Einbehalt oder Abzug in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zahlungen, 
welche die Emittentin an 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
leistet, zu entrichten sind; 
oder 
(i) 
which are payable otherwise 
than by withholding or 
deduction from payments, 
made by the Issuer to the 
Noteholder; or

--- Page 76 ---
-67- 
 
(ii) 
die von einer als Depotbank 
(wie in § 14(c) definiert) 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person 
oder 
sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, 
dass die Emittentin aus den 
von 
ihr 
zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(ii) 
which are payable by any 
person acting as Custodian 
(as defined in § 14(c)) or 
collecting agent on behalf of 
a Noteholder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does 
not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal 
or interest made by it; or 
 
(iii) 
die wegen einer bestehenden 
oder früheren persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers 
zur 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(iii) 
which are payable by reason 
of the relevant Noteholder 
having, or having had, some 
personal or business relation 
to the Federal Republic of 
Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or 
are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany; or 
 
(iv) 
die durch eine Zahlstelle 
von 
der 
Zahlung 
einzubehalten 
oder 
abzuziehen sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle 
ohne 
einen 
solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
(iv) 
which 
are 
withheld 
or 
deducted by a paying agent 
from a payment if the 
payment could have been 
made by another paying 
agent 
without 
such 
withholding or deduction; or 
 
(v) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Abkommens 
oder 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Verständigung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt 
ist, 
oder 
(iii) 
einer 
(v) 
which are to be withheld or 
deducted pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive 
or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest 
income, 
or 
(ii) 
any 
international 
treaty, 
agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and 
to 
which 
the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany or the 
European Union is a party, 
or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying 
with, 
or 
introduced 
to 
conform 
with, 
such

--- Page 77 ---
-68- 
 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung 
oder 
dieses 
Abkommen 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding; or 
(vi) 
die nicht erhoben oder 
einbehalten oder abgezogen 
worden wären, wenn es der 
Anleihegläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
(für 
die 
vorliegenden 
Zwecke 
einschließlich 
Finanzinstitute, über die der 
Gläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
hält oder über die Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen) nicht unterlassen 
hätte, nach einer an den 
Gläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung 
der 
Emittentin, 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
in 
deren 
Namen 
(die 
so 
rechtzeitig erfolgt, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
dieser 
Aufforderung 
mit 
zumutbaren Anstrengungen 
nachkommen 
kann, 
in 
jedem Fall aber mindestens 
30 Tage bevor ein Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
erforderlich 
wäre), einer aufgrund von 
Gesetzen, 
Abkommen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis in der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land vorgeschriebenen Be-
scheinigungs-, 
Identifizie-
rungs-, Informations-, oder 
sonstigen Nachweispflicht 
nachzukommen, 
die 
Voraussetzung 
für 
eine 
Befreiung von in der Bun-
desrepublik 
Deutschland 
erhobenen Steuern oder für 
(vi) 
which would not have been 
imposed, 
withheld 
or 
deducted but for the failure 
of 
the 
Noteholder 
or 
beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, 
for 
these 
purposes, 
any 
financial 
institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner holds the Notes or 
through which payment on 
the 
Notes 
is 
made), 
following a written request 
by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent 
addressed to the Noteholder 
or beneficial owner (and 
made at a time that would 
enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial 
owner 
acting 
reasonably to comply with 
that request, and in all 
events, at least 30 days 
before any withholding or 
deduction 
would 
be 
required), to comply with 
any 
certification, 
identification, information 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirement 
whether 
required by statute, treaty, 
regulation or administrative 
practice of the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany that is 
a precondition to exemption 
from, or reduction in the rate 
of withholding or deduction 
of, taxes imposed by Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
(including, 
without 
limitation, a certification 
that 
the 
Noteholder 
or 
beneficial owner is not 
resident 
in the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany), but 
in each case, only to the 
extent the Noteholder or

--- Page 78 ---
-69- 
 
eine Reduzierung der Höhe 
des Einbehalts oder Abzugs 
solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine 
Bescheinigung, 
dass 
der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
nicht in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ansässig ist), 
jedoch jeweils nur, soweit 
der Anleihegläubiger bzw. 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
rechtlich 
berechtigt 
ist, 
die 
Bescheinigung, Information 
oder 
Dokumentation 
vorzulegen; oder 
beneficial owner is legally 
entitled to provide such 
certification, information or 
documentation; or 
(vii) die 
abzuführen 
sind 
in 
Bezug auf Zahlungen, bei 
denen der Einbehalt oder 
Abzug vorzunehmen ist, 
weil der Anleihegläubiger 
eine Bank ist, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen im 
ordentlichen Geschäftsgang 
ihres 
Kreditgeschäfts 
erwirbt; oder 
(vii) which are payable with 
respect to payments where 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction 
is 
imposed 
because the Noteholder is a 
bank purchasing the Notes 
in the ordinary course of its 
lending business; or 
 
(viii) die 
Grundsteuern, 
Erbschaftsteuern, 
Schenkungsteuern, 
Umsatzsteuern, 
Verbrauchsteuern, 
Verkehrsteuern, 
Vermögensteuern 
oder 
ähnliche Steuern darstellen; 
oder. 
(viii) which 
are 
estate, 
inheritance, 
gift, 
sales, 
excise, transfer, personal 
property or similar taxes; or 
 
(ix) 
die 
aufgrund 
einer 
Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, 
wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ 12 wirksam wird; oder 
(ix) 
which are payable by reason 
of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant 
payment becomes due, or is 
duly provided for and notice 
thereof is 
published 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 12, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(x) 
die 
aufgrund 
jeglicher 
Kombination 
der 
Absätze (i) bis (viii) zu 
entrichten sind. 
(x) 
which are payable due to 
any combination of items (i) 
to (viii),

--- Page 79 ---
-70- 
 
Zudem 
werden 
keine 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträge im Hinblick auf Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen an einen 
Anleihegläubiger gezahlt, welcher die 
Zahlung 
als 
Treuhänder 
oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger 
nicht 
alleiniger 
wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer der Zahlung erhält, soweit 
nach den Gesetzen der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des 
Begünstigten 
bzw. 
Gründers 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens 
oder 
eines 
Gesellschafters der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst 
nicht zum Erhalt von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen berechtigt gewesen wäre, wenn 
der 
Begünstigte, 
Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
selbst 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid 
with respect to any payment on a Note to 
a Noteholder who is a fiduciary or 
partnership or who is other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required 
by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany to be included in the income, 
for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a 
member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have 
been entitled to such Additional Amounts 
had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the Noteholder of 
the Note. 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass 
die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß dem zum Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der Depotbank 
(oder sonstigen auszahlenden Stelle 
(einschließlich 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zahlstelle)) erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer 
zuzüglich 
des 
darauf 
anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags 
sowie 
Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im 
Wege des Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, 
keine 
Steuern 
oder 
Abgaben 
der 
vorstehend beschriebenen Art darstellen, 
für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche 
Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the 
withholding tax levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the 
Custodian (or other paying institution 
(including the relevant Paying Agent)) 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) plus the solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed 
thereon 
as 
well 
as 
church 
tax 
(Kirchensteuer), where such tax is levied 
by way of withholding, pursuant to tax 
law as in effect as of the date of issue of 
the Notes do not constitute a tax or duty 
as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by 
the Issuer. 
 
(c) FATCA.  Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls 
verpflichtet, Zusätzliche Beträge in 
Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code (in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung 
oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß 
den in einer anderen Rechtsordnung in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß 
mit dem Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen 
Verträgen 
von 
der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
(c) FATCA.  In any event, the Issuer will 
have no obligation to pay Additional 
amounts deducted or withheld by the 
Issuer, the relevant Paying Agent or any 
other party (“FATCA Withholding”) in 
relation to any withholding or deduction 
of any amounts required by the rules of 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 
1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with 
these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue

--- Page 80 ---
-71- 
 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wurden (“FATCA-
Steuerabzug”) oder Anleger in Bezug 
auf einen FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos 
zu halten. 
Service or indemnify any investor in 
relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die 
Vorlegungsfrist 
gemäß 
§ 801 
Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The 
period 
for 
presentation of Notes due, as 
established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of 
the 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), 
is 
reduced to ten years. 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist für innerhalb der 
Vorlegungsfrist 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt zwei Jahre von dem Ende 
der betreffenden Vorlegungsfrist 
an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The 
period 
for 
prescription for Notes presented 
for 
payment 
during 
the 
presentation period shall be two 
years beginning at the end of the 
relevant presentation period. 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
(a) 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der 
nachstehenden Ereignisse (jeweils 
ein “Kündigungsgrund”) ist ein 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 8(b) 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle (vorbehaltlich des 
nachfolgenden 
§ 8(d)) 
zur 
sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen, woraufhin seine Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ohne 
weitere 
Handlungen 
oder 
Formalitäten 
sofort 
zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs 
(each an “Event of Default”) and 
is continuing, then any Note may, 
by 
submitting 
a 
Termination 
Notice pursuant to § 8(b) to the 
Fiscal Agent (and subject to § 8(d) 
below), be declared due and 
payable, whereupon such Note will 
become immediately due and 
payable 
at 
its 
Specified 
Denomination 
together 
with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the date of actual redemption 
without further action or formality: 
 
(i) 
Nichtzahlung.  Die 
Emittentin zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige 
Kapital- 
oder 
Zinsbeträge oder sonstige 
Beträge nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(i) 
Non-payment.  The 
Issuer 
fails 
to 
pay 
principal, 
interest 
or 
any 
other 
amounts due under the 
Notes within 30 days from 
the relevant due date; or 
 
(ii) 
Nichterfüllung 
sonstiger 
wesentlicher 
(ii) 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The

--- Page 81 ---
-72- 
 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
erfüllt 
eine 
andere 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht und die Nichterfüllung 
dauert – sofern sie geheilt 
werden kann – jeweils 
länger als 90 Tage fort, 
nachdem 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
schriftliche Aufforderung in 
der in § 8(b) vorgesehenen 
Art und Weise von einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten 
hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
Issuer fails to duly perform 
any 
other 
material 
obligation arising from the 
Notes and such failure, if 
capable 
of 
remedy, 
continues unremedied for 
more than 90 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received a 
written request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 8(b) 
from 
a 
Noteholder 
to 
perform such obligation; or 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Eine 
nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie 
in § 9(d) definiert) der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie in 
§ 2(d) 
definiert) 
wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig 
von 
dessen 
Bezeichnung) 
vor 
ihrer 
festgelegten Fälligkeit fällig 
und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
Fälligstellung 
oder 
auf 
andere Weise), wobei der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens 1 % der Summe 
Aktiva 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehendenden 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem 
Konzernabschlüsse 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden sind, beträgt. Zur 
Klarstellung 
wird 
festgehalten, 
dass 
dieser 
§ 8(a)(iii) keine Anwendung 
findet, wenn die Emittentin 
oder 
die 
jeweilige 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
nach 
Treu und Glauben bestreitet, 
dass 
diese 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Financial Indebtedness (as 
defined in § 9(d)) of the 
Issuer 
or 
any 
Material 
Subsidiary (as defined in 
§ 2(d)) (other than under the 
Notes) becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified 
maturity 
(whether 
by 
declaration, 
automatic 
acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of 
default 
(howsoever 
described), provided that the 
aggregate 
amount 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
amounts to at least 1 per 
cent. of the Total Assets as 
of 
the 
immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published. 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
this § 8(a)(iii) shall not 
apply, where the Issuer or 
the 
relevant 
Material 
Subsidiary contests in good 
faith that such payment 
obligation exists, is due or 
the requirements for the 
acceleration are satisfied; or

--- Page 82 ---
-73- 
 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht, fällig ist oder die 
Anforderungen 
für 
die 
vorzeitige 
Fälligstellung 
erfüllt sind; oder 
(iv) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
(A) 
die Emittentin gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt 
ihre 
Zahlungen 
generell ein; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer announces 
its inability to meet its 
financial obligations 
or ceases its payments 
generally; or 
 
(B) 
gegen die Emittentin 
wird 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
beantragt oder leitet 
ein solches Verfahren 
ein, oder 
(B) 
insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer 
are 
instituted and have 
not been discharged 
or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer 
applies 
for 
or 
institutes 
such 
proceedings; or 
 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in 
Liquidation, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung oder 
einer anderen Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft und die 
andere 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschrei-
bungen eingegangen 
ist. 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into 
liquidation unless this 
is done in connection 
with a merger or other 
form of combination 
with 
another 
company and such 
company assumes all 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer in connection 
with the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Kündigungserklärungen.  Eine 
Erklärung eines Anleihegläubigers 
(i) gemäß § 8(a)(ii) oder (ii) zur 
Kündigung 
seiner 
Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß diesem § 8 
(eine 
“Kündigungserklärung”) 
hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
entsprechende 
schriftliche 
(b) 
Termination Notices.  Any notice 
by a Noteholder (i) in accordance 
with § 8(a)(ii) or (ii) to terminate 
its Notes in accordance with this 
§ 8 (a “Termination Notice”) shall 
be made by means of a declaration 
in writing or in text form to the 
Fiscal Agent in the German or 
English language together with 
evidence by means of a certificate

--- Page 83 ---
-74- 
 
Erklärung 
oder 
Erklärung 
in 
Textform 
in 
deutscher 
oder 
englischer Sprache übergibt oder 
übermittelt und dabei durch eine 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Kündigungserklärung hält.  
of the Noteholder’s Custodian that 
such Noteholder, at the time of 
such termination notice, is a holder 
of the relevant Notes. 
(c) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen gemäß den 
§ 8(a)(ii) und (iii) wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Anleihegläubigern im Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
15 
% 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen eingegangen sind. 
(c) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice 
declaring Notes due shall become 
effective only when the Fiscal 
Agent has received such default 
notices from the Noteholders 
representing at least 15 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding. 
 
(d) 
Heilung.  Zur Klarstellung wird 
festgehalten, dass das Recht zur 
Kündigung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen gemäß diesem § 8 erlischt, 
falls der Kündigungsgrund vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
worden ist; es ist zulässig, den 
Kündigungsgrund 
gemäß 
§ 8(a)(iii) durch Rückzahlung der 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten in voller 
Höhe zu heilen. Vorbehaltlich 
anwendbarer 
zwingender 
Rechtsvorschriften 
berechtigen 
andere als die in § 8(a) genannten 
Ereignisse oder Umstände die 
Anleihegläubiger nicht dazu, ihre 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zur Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen, 
es sei denn, dies ist ausdrücklich in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestimmt. 
(d) 
Cure.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the right to declare Notes due in 
accordance with this § 8 shall 
terminate if the situation giving 
rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised and it shall be 
permissible to cure the Event of 
Default pursuant to § 8(a)(iii) by 
repaying in full the relevant 
Financial Indebtedness. No event 
or circumstance other than an 
event specified in § 8(a) shall 
entitle Noteholders to declare their 
Notes due and payable prior to 
their stated maturity, save as 
expressly provided for in these 
Terms and Conditions and subject 
to applicable mandatory law. 
 
§ 9 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
§ 9 
Covenants 
 
(a) 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen 
von Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
zur 
Refinanzierung 
bestehender 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness. The Issuer 
undertakes that it will not, and will 
procure 
that 
none 
of 
its 
Subsidiaries will, after the issue 
date of the Notes, incur any 
Financial Indebtedness (except for 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
for 
refinancing 
existing 
Financial

--- Page 84 ---
-75- 
 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten mit einem 
Gesamtnennbetrag, 
der 
dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
refinanzierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten entspricht 
oder 
diesen 
unterschreitet) 
einzugehen und sicherzustellen, 
dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten eingehen, 
wenn 
unmittelbar 
nach 
dem 
wirksamen 
Eingehen 
solcher 
weiterer Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Verwendung der damit erzielten 
Nettoerlöse): 
Indebtedness with an aggregate 
principal amount that is equal to or 
less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the refinanced Financial 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after 
giving effect to the incurrence of 
such 
additional 
Financial 
Indebtedness (taking into account 
the application of the net proceeds 
of such incurrence), 
(i) 
das 
Verhältnis 
der 
(i) 
Summe 
(x) 
der 
Konsolidierten 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeite
n 
der 
Gruppe 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, und (y) der 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeite
n, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen wurden, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist, zu der (ii) 
Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
(x) der Summe Aktiva zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist, 
(y) 
der 
Kaufpreise 
für 
Immobilienvermögen (ohne 
Abzüge für übernommene 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten), 
das seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
(i) 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) 
the 
Consolidated 
Net 
Financial Indebtedness of 
the 
Group 
as 
of 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (y) 
the 
Net 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published to (ii) 
the 
sum 
of 
(without 
duplication) (x) the Total 
Assets as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase prices of 
any Real Estate Property 
(without 
deductions 
for 
assumed 
Financial 
Indebtedness) acquired or 
contracted for acquisition 
since 
the 
immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
since 
the

--- Page 85 ---
-76- 
 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, erworben wurde 
oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
eine 
Verpflichtung eingegangen 
wurde, und (z) des Erlöses 
aus 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen wurden, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist (jedoch nur 
soweit dieser Erlös nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder 
zur 
Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet wurde) (dieses 
Verhältnis in Bezug auf 
einen beliebigen Zeitpunkt 
der 
“Verschuldungsgrad 
(LTV)” 
zu 
dem 
entsprechenden Zeitpunkt) 
60 % überstiege; oder 
immediately 
preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published (but 
only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to 
acquire Real Estate Property 
or 
to 
reduce 
Financial 
Indebtedness) (such ratio, 
with respect to any date, the 
“Loan-to-Value Ratio” as 
of that date) would exceed 
60 per cent.; or 
(ii) 
das 
Verhältnis 
des 
(i) 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Konsolidierten Bereinigten 
EBITDA in den letzten vier 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem 
Berichtsstichtag 
geendet 
haben, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, zu dem (ii) 
Gesamtbetrag 
des 
Zahlungswirksamen 
Zinsergebnisses 
in 
den 
letzten 
vier 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem 
Berichtsstichtag 
geendet 
haben, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, geringer als 1,80 
zu 1,00 wäre ((i) und (ii) 
jeweils durch die Emittentin 
(nach eigenem vernünftigen 
Ermessen) auf einer pro 
forma Grundlage ermittelt 
(ii) 
the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount 
of 
Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA in the 
respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
to (ii) the aggregate amount 
of Net Cash Interest in the 
respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
would be less than 1.80 to 
1.00 (each of (i) and (ii) 
determined by the Issuer (in 
its reasonable judgment) on 
a pro forma basis (including 
a pro forma application of 
the net proceeds therefrom), 
as if the additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
had 
been

--- Page 86 ---
-77- 
 
(einschließlich einer daraus 
resultierenden pro forma 
Verwendung 
der 
Nettoerlöse), als wären die 
zusätzlichen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten zu 
Beginn dieses Vier-Quartal-
Zeitraums 
eingegangen 
worden). 
incurred at the beginning of 
such four quarter period). 
(c) 
Berichte. 
Solange 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht die Emittentin die 
folgenden Angaben 
auf 
ihrer 
Internetseite: 
(c) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, the Issuer shall 
post on its website, 
 
(i) 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Geschäftsjahrs 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
Geschäftsbericht mit einem 
geprüften Konzernabschluss 
nach 
den 
in 
der 
EU 
anwendbaren International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einem 
Lagebericht nach § 315 
HGB; und 
(i) 
within 120 days after the end 
of each of the Issuer’s fiscal 
years, 
annual 
reports 
containing 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU and the management 
report in accordance with 
section 315 of the German 
Commercial 
Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch); and 
 
(ii) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach 
dem Ende jedes der ersten 
drei 
Quartale 
jedes 
Geschäftsjahrs 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
ungeprüften 
verkürzten 
Konzern-
Zwischenabschluss 
nach 
den in der EU anwendbaren 
IFRS 
bzw. 
eine 
Quartalsmitteilung 
entsprechend 
den 
Anforderungen 
der 
Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse. 
(ii) 
within 60 days after the end 
of each of the first three 
fiscal quarters in each fiscal 
year of the Issuer, unaudited 
condensed 
consolidated 
quarterly 
financial 
statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU or a quarterly statement 
in accordance with the 
requirements 
of 
the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
(d) 
Definitionen. 
(d) 
Definitions. 
 
“Berichtsstichtag” ist der 31. 
März, 30. Juni, 30. September und 
31. Dezember eines jeden Jahres. 
“Reporting Date” means 31 
March, 30 June, 30 September and 
31 December of each year. 
 
“Eingehen” bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder eine sonstige Verbindlichkeit 
einer Person die Begründung, die 
Übernahme, 
Abgabe 
einer 
Garantie oder Bürgschaft dafür 
“Incur” means, with respect to any 
Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation of any Person, to create, 
assume, guarantee or otherwise 
become liable in respect of such 
Financial Indebtedness or other

--- Page 87 ---
-78- 
 
oder eine anderweitige Übernahme 
der 
Haftung 
für 
diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
sonstige 
Verbindlichkeit; 
das 
“Eingehen” bzw. “eingegangen” 
sind 
entsprechend 
auszulegen, 
wobei 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
erst zu der Zeit “eingegangen” 
sind, wenn sie ausgezahlt werden, 
und 
auf 
Treuhandkonten 
eingezahlte Beträge erst dann als 
“eingegangen” gelten, wenn die 
Erlöse von dem Treuhandkonto 
freigegeben werden. 
obligation, and “incurrence” and 
“incurred” have the meanings 
correlative 
to 
the 
foregoing 
whereby Financial Indebtedness 
shall only be incurred at the time 
any funds are disbursed and 
amounts drawn and deposited into 
an escrow account shall not be 
deemed “incurred” until such 
proceeds are withdrawn from such 
escrow account. 
“Finanzverbindlichkeiten” 
bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen 
solche 
gegenüber 
anderen 
Mitgliedern der Gruppe) aus: 
“Financial Indebtedness” means 
(without 
duplication) 
any 
indebtedness 
(excluding 
any 
indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in 
respect of: 
 
(i) 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
(i) 
money borrowed; 
 
(ii) 
allen 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkrediten oder eines 
dematerialisierten 
Äquivalents 
aufgenommenen Beträgen; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by 
acceptance 
under 
any 
acceptance credit facility or 
a dematerialized equivalent; 
 
(iii) 
allen 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Fazilitäten 
zum 
Kauf 
kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel 
oder aus der Begebung von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschrei-
bungen, Commercial Paper 
oder 
vergleichbaren 
Instrumenten 
aufgenommenen Beträgen; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised pursuant 
to any note purchase facility 
or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers or any 
similar instrument; 
 
(iv) 
veräußerten 
oder 
diskontierten Forderungen 
(außer 
bei 
einem 
Forderungsverkauf 
ohne 
Rückgriffsrecht); 
(iv) 
receivables 
sold 
or 
discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend 
they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
 
(v) 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen 
im 
Rahmen 
anderer 
Rechtsgeschäfte 
(einschließlich 
Termingeschäften), die die 
wirtschaftliche 
Wirkung 
einer 
Kreditaufnahme 
haben, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-
Fazilitäten, 
die 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
(v) 
any amounts raised under 
any 
other 
transaction 
(including any forward sale 
or 
purchase 
agreement) 
having 
the 
commercial 
effect of a borrowing, but 
excluding bank guarantee 
facilities made or to be made 
available 
by 
financial 
institutions to the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary under which the

--- Page 88 ---
-79- 
 
Tochtergesellschaft 
von 
Finanzinstituten 
gewährt 
werden 
oder 
gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren 
Rahmen die Emittentin bzw. 
die 
jeweilige 
Tochtergesellschaft 
die 
Ausstellung 
einer 
oder 
mehrerer 
Bankgarantien 
zugunsten 
einer 
Person 
verlangen kann, die sich 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen 
von 
der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verpflichtet hat; 
Issuer or the respective 
Subsidiary may request the 
issue of a bank guarantee or 
bank guarantees in favour of 
a person who agrees to 
purchase a Real Estate 
Property owned by the 
Issuer or a Subsidiary; 
(vi) 
einer 
Gegenverpflichtung 
zur Freistellung in Bezug 
auf eine Bürgschaft, eine 
Freistellungsverpflichtung, 
eine Garantie, ein Garantie- 
oder Dokumentenakkreditiv 
oder ein anderes von einer 
Bank 
oder 
einem 
Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes 
Instrument; und 
(vi) 
any 
counter-indemnity 
obligation in respect of a 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, 
standby 
or 
documentary 
letter of credit or any other 
instrument issued by a bank 
or financial institution; and 
 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten aus einer 
Garantie, Bürgschaft oder 
Freistellungsverpflichtung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Verbindlichkeiten der in den 
vorstehenden Ziffern (i) bis 
(vi) genannten Art, 
(vii) the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the 
items referred to in clauses 
(i) to (vi) above, 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der 
jeweilige Betrag oder die jeweilige 
Verpflichtung 
nach 
IFRS 
als 
“Verbindlichkeit” erfasst wird. 
in each such case only if and to the 
extent the relevant amount or 
obligation 
is 
recorded 
as 
“indebtedness” in accordance with 
IFRS. 
 
“Gruppe” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Emittentin 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
“Group” means the Issuer together 
with its Subsidiaries. 
 
“IFRS” 
bezeichnet 
die 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standard Board in 
jeweils geltender Fassung. 
“IFRS” means the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as 
published by the International 
Accounting Standards Board, as in 
effect from time to time. 
 
“Immobilienvermögen” bezeich-
net 
(unter 
Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) das im 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
in 
den 
Bilanzpositionen 
“als 
“Real Estate Property” means 
(without duplication) the real 
estate property of the Issuer and the 
Subsidiaries that is recognized as 
of the immediately preceding

--- Page 89 ---
-80- 
 
Finanzinvestition 
gehaltene 
Immobilien”, “Sachanlagen” oder 
“zum 
Verkauf 
bestimmte 
Grundstücke und Gebäude” zum 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehendenden 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
Konzernabschlüsse der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
sind, 
angesetzte oder nach IFRS seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist, 
anzusetzende 
Immobilienvermögen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
der 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
Reporting 
Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been published, 
or is required to be recognized in 
accordance with IFRS since the 
immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published, in the balance 
sheet 
items 
“investment 
properties”, “property, plant and 
equipment” or “land and buildings 
held for sale” of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
“Konsolidierte Nettofinanzver-
bindlichkeiten” bezeichnet die 
nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
und 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis 
wie 
im 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
als “Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten” 
ausgewiesen). 
“Consolidated 
Net 
Financial 
Indebtedness” means the net 
financial indebtedness of the Issuer 
and any of its Subsidiaries, on a 
consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS as shown as 
“net financial liabilities” in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer. 
 
“Konsolidiertes 
Bereinigtes 
EBITDA” bezeichnet den unter 
der 
Überschrift 
“EBITDA 
(bereinigt)” im Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
angegebene 
Zahlenwert 
oder, 
sofern 
der 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
keinen Wert “EBITDA (bereinigt)” 
enthält, den unter der Überschrift 
“EBIT” angegebenen Zahlenwert 
bereinigt um Gewinne/Verluste aus 
der Fair-Value-Anpassung der als 
Finanzinvestitionen 
gehaltenen 
Immobilien, 
Abschreibungen 
sowie 
einmaligen 
bzw. 
außergewöhnlichen 
Positionen 
(jeweils 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Bestimmungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen). 
“Consolidated 
Adjusted 
EBITDA” means the number set 
out under the heading “EBITDA 
(adjusted)” in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer 
or, if the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer do not 
contain 
an 
item 
“EBITDA 
(adjusted)”, the number set out in 
the item “EBIT” adjusted for 
gains/losses from the fair value 
adjustments 
of 
investment 
properties, 
depreciation 
and 
amortization and non-recurring or 
exceptional items (in each case 
subject 
to 
the 
determination 
specified in these Terms and 
Conditions). 
 
“Konzernabschluss” bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Person den nach 
IFRS erstellten Konzernabschluss 
mit Anhang für diese Person und 
ihre Tochterunternehmen sowie 
Konzernzwischenabschlüsse und 
“Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements” means, with respect 
to any Person, the consolidated 
financial statements and notes to 
those financial statements of that 
Person 
and 
its 
subsidiaries 
prepared in accordance with IFRS

--- Page 90 ---
-81- 
 
Quartalsmitteilungen 
(zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt). 
as well as interim consolidated 
financial statements and quarterly 
statements (as of the relevant date). 
“Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten” 
bezeichnet den Nennbetrag der 
eingegangenen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
“Net Financial Indebtedness” 
means the nominal amount of 
Financial Indebtedness incurred 
minus the nominal amount of 
Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
 
“Person” bezeichnet natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, 
Personengesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften mit beschränkter 
Haftung, staatliche Stellen (oder 
Behörden 
oder 
Gebietskörperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige Rechtsträger. 
“Person” means any individual, 
corporation, 
partnership, 
joint 
venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated 
organization, 
limited 
liability 
company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision 
thereof) or any other entity. 
 
“Summe Aktiva” bezeichnet den 
Wert 
der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und 
der Tochtergesellschaften, der in 
einer 
nach 
IFRS 
erstellten 
konsolidierten 
Bilanz 
der 
Emittentin 
erscheint 
oder 
erscheinen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
“Summe Aktiva” die Zuflüsse aus 
den 
einzugehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einschließt. 
“Total Assets” means the value of 
the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries, as such 
amount appears, or would appear, 
on a consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, provided that “Total 
Assets” shall include the proceeds 
of the Financial Indebtedness to be 
incurred. 
 
“Zahlungswirksames 
Zinsergebnis” bezeichnet alle an 
Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Gruppe sind, aufgelaufenen, bar zu 
zahlenden Zinsen und sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des 
Betrags aller durch Mitglieder der 
Gruppe von Personen, die nicht 
Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu 
erhaltenden und aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, 
jeweils 
ausgenommen 
einmalige 
Finanzierungskosten 
(u. 
a. 
einmalige 
Entgelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
“Net Cash Interest” means all 
cash interest and other financing 
charges accrued to persons who are 
not members of the Group less the 
amount of any interest and other 
financing charges accrued to be 
received by members of the Group 
from persons who are not members 
of the Group, in each case, 
excluding any one-off financing 
charges 
(including 
without 
limitation, any one-off fees and/or 
break costs). 
 
§ 10 Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und Berechnungsstelle] 
§ 10 Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) 
[and Calculation Agent]

--- Page 91 ---
-82- 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,] 
[und] 
die 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
sind 
nachstehend mit den benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, 
Specified 
Office.  The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
[and 
the 
Calculation Agent] 
and 
their 
respective initial specified offices 
are as follows: 
 
“Emissionsstelle” und 
“Zahlstelle”:  
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
“Fiscal Agent” and “Paying 
Agent”:  
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
[“Berechnungsstelle” 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[“Calculation Agent” 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder 
Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin 
behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche 
Zahlstellen 
(gemeinsam mit der vorgenannten 
Zahlstelle, die “Zahlstellen” und 
jede 
eine 
“Zahlstelle”) 
zu 
benennen.  
(b) 
Variation 
or 
termination 
of 
appointment.  The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together 
with the Paying Agent specified 
above, the “Paying Agents” and 
each a “Paying Agent”).  
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner 
das Recht vor, die Ernennung der 
Emissionsstelle 
[,] 
[und] 
der 
Zahlstellen 
[und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] 
jederzeit 
anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the 
right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent [,] [and] any Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent]. 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, 
dass 
jederzeit 
(i) 
eine 
Emissionsstelle 
[und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle], 
(ii) 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle 
in 
einer 
Stadt 
auf 
dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so 
lange die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten 
Geschäftsstelle an dem von der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen Ort bestimmt ist.  
The Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [and a 
Calculation Agent] (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a 
continental European city and (iii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange at the initiative of 
the Issuer, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such city as may 
be required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange.  
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] any 
Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified

--- Page 92 ---
-83- 
 
Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,] 
[und] 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle 
ihrer 
jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land 
zu bestimmen. Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Emissionsstelle[, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] und etwaige 
Zahlstellen erfolgen unverzüglich 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12. 
offices to some other specified 
office in the same country. Notice 
of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent[, the Calculation Agent] or 
any Paying Agent will be given 
promptly by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die Emissionsstelle [,] 
[und] die Zahlstelle(n) [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber dem Anleihegläubiger; 
es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen und dem Anleihegläubiger 
begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal 
Agent 
[,] [and] 
any Paying 
Agent(s) [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for the 
Noteholder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] können den 
Rat 
eines 
oder 
mehrerer 
Rechtsanwälte 
oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren 
Beratung oder Dienste sie für 
notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Die 
Emissionsstelle 
[,] 
[und] 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
übernehmen 
keine Haftung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, 
die in gutem Glauben im Einklang 
mit 
einer 
solchen 
Beratung 
getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,] [and] the 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
[and 
the 
Calculation Agent] may engage the 
advice or services of any lawyers 
or other experts whose advice or 
services it deems necessary and 
may rely upon any advice so 
obtained. Neither the Fiscal Agent 
nor the Paying Agent [nor the 
Calculation Agent] will incur any 
liability as against the Noteholders 
in respect of any action taken, or 
not taken, or suffered to be taken, 
or not taken, in accordance with 
such advice in good faith. 
 
§ 11 Schuldnerersetzung, 
Sitzverlegung 
§ 11 Substitution, 
Transfer 
of 
Domicile 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger, ein mit der 
The Issuer may at any time without 
the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for the Issuer any

--- Page 93 ---
-84- 
 
Emittentin 
Verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) 
an Stelle der Emittentin als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die 
Emittentin an die Stelle der 
Emittentin zu setzen (die “Neue 
Emittentin”), sofern: 
Affiliate (as defined below) of the 
Issuer as new issuer (the “New 
Issuer”) 
in 
respect 
of 
all 
obligations arising under or in 
connection with the Notes with the 
effect of releasing the Issuer of all 
such obligations, if: 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt und, sofern eine 
Zustellung an die Neue 
Emittentin außerhalb der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
erfolgen 
müsste, einen Zustellungs-
bevollmächtigten 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any 
and all obligations of the 
Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Notes 
and, if service of process 
vis-à-vis the New Issuer 
would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic 
of Germany, appoints a 
process agent within the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany; 
 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue 
Emittentin sämtliche für die 
Schuldnerersetzung und die 
Erfüllung 
der 
Verpflichtungen aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen 
von 
staatlichen 
Stellen 
und 
Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten 
haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New 
Issuer have obtained all 
governmental 
and 
regulatory 
authorisations 
necessary 
for 
the 
substitution 
and 
the 
fulfilment of the obligations 
arising 
under 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche zur 
Erfüllung der aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in 
der Festgelegten Währung 
an das Clearingsystem oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
zu 
zahlen, und zwar ohne 
Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den 
Ländern), in dem (in denen) 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the 
position to pay to the 
Clearing System or to the 
Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency 
and 
without 
deducting or withholding 
any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature imposed, 
levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts required for the 
performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or

--- Page 94 ---
-85- 
 
die Neue Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, 
auferlegt, 
erhoben 
oder 
eingezogen werden; 
in 
connection 
with the 
Notes; 
(iv) 
die Emittentin unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich 
die 
Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so 
gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Schuldnerersetzung stehen 
würde; 
(iv) 
the Issuer unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantees 
such obligations of the New 
Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put 
in an economic position that 
is at least as favourable as 
that which would have 
existed if the substitution 
had not taken place; 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich 
verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, 
Abgaben oder behördlichen 
Lasten 
freizustellen, 
die 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
bezüglich bzw. in Folge der 
Schuldnerersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to 
indemnify 
and 
hold 
harmless each Noteholder 
against 
any 
tax, 
duty, 
assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such 
Noteholder in respect or as a 
result of such substitution; 
and 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, welche bestätigen, 
dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Ziffern (i) 
bis (v) erfüllt wurden. 
(vi) 
there 
shall 
have 
been 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the 
effect that clauses (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 11 
bezeichnet 
“Verbundenes 
Unernehmen” ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 
AktG. 
For purposes of this § 11, 
“Affiliate” 
shall 
mean 
any 
affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning 
of section 15 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
(i) 
Im 
Fall 
einer 
Schuldnerersetzung gemäß 
§ 11(a) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche 
auf die Neue Emittentin, und 
jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(a), any 
reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer 
shall be a reference to the 
New 
Issuer, 
and 
any 
reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany with 
respect to the Issuer shall

--- Page 95 ---
-86- 
 
Deutschland im Hinblick 
auf die Emittentin gilt ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme auf die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
maßgebliche 
Steuerjurisdiktion. 
from then on be deemed to 
refer to the relevant taxing 
jurisdiction with respect to 
the New Issuer. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck 
der 
jeweiligen 
Bedingung ergibt, dass die 
Bezugnahme 
entweder 
weiterhin 
nur 
auf 
die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen 
SE 
erfolgen soll, oder dass die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig 
auch 
auf 
die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen SE, im Hinblick auf 
deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 11(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt 
this shall apply only to the 
extent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the 
relevant 
reference 
shall 
continue to be a reference 
only to Deutsche Wohnen 
SE, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer 
and Deutsche Wohnen SE, 
in relation to Deutsche 
Wohnen SE’s obligations 
under 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv) at the 
same time. 
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund 
als 
aufgenommen, 
der 
dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 11(a)(iv) 
mit 
rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für 
nicht 
vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder 
die Garantin einen Mangel 
der Wirksamkeit behauptet 
und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
zehn 
Geschäftstagen 
behoben 
wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of 
default shall be deemed to 
have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in 
the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv) is 
determined by the final 
decision of a competent 
court or is claimed by the 
guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect and such 
defect 
is 
not 
corrected 
within ten business days. 
 
(c) 
Weitere Ersetzungen.  Die Neue 
Emittentin ist jederzeit nach einer 
Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz (a) 
berechtigt, ohne die Zustimmung 
der Anleihegläubiger eine weitere 
Ersetzung 
vorzunehmen, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
alle 
Bestimmungen der vorstehenden 
Absätze (a) und (b) sinngemäß 
Anwendung finden und, ohne 
hierauf 
beschränkt 
zu 
sein, 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
(c) 
Further Substitution.  At any time 
after 
substitution 
pursuant 
to 
paragraph (a) above, the New 
Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, effect a further 
substitution, provided that all 
provisions 
specified 
in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall 
apply, mutatis mutandis, and, 
without limitation, references in 
these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so 
requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such

--- Page 96 ---
-87- 
 
Emittentin, 
sofern 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
verlangt, 
(auch) als Bezugnahmen auf jede 
weitere Neue Emittentin gelten, 
wobei die Ersetzung gemäß diesem 
§ 11 in keinem Fall die Wirkung 
einer Befreiung der Emittentin von 
irgendwelchen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
ihrer 
Garantie 
gemäß§ 11(a)(iv) hat. 
further New Issuer, provided that 
in no event shall any substitution 
under this § 11 have the effect of 
releasing the Issuer from any of its 
obligations under its guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv). 
(d) 
Sitzverlegung.  Eine 
Verlegung 
des Sitzes der Emittentin in ein 
anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur 
zulässig, wenn die vorstehend in 
Absatz (a) 
genannten 
Voraussetzungen 
entsprechend 
erfüllt sind. Absatz (b)(i) zweiter 
Halbsatz 
findet 
entsprechende 
Anwendung. 
(d) 
Transfer of Domicile.  A transfer 
of domicile of the Issuer to another 
country 
or 
territory 
is 
only 
permissible if the requirements set 
forth in paragraph (a) above are 
complied 
with 
accordingly. 
Paragraph (b)(i) 
second 
half-
sentence 
shall 
apply 
mutatis 
mutandis. 
 
§ 12 Bekanntmachungen 
§ 12 Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse not-
iert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen am geregelten Markt 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind) auf der Internet-Seite 
der Luxemburger Börse (derzeit 
unter 
www.bourse.lu) 
veröffentlicht. Jede Mitteilung gilt 
am Tag der ersten Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All 
notices 
regarding the Notes will be 
published (so long as the Notes are 
listed on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (currently on 
www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes 
on the date of the first such 
publication. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
which are 
listed on 
the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Exchange
, the 
following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
findet § 12(a) Anwendung. Soweit 
die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach § 12(a) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System.  So long as any Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 12(a) shall apply. If 
the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing 
System to the Noteholders, in lieu 
of publication as set forth in 
§ 12(a) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fifth day after 
the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.

--- Page 97 ---
-88- 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die 
nicht oder 
an einer 
anderen 
Börse als 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse 
notiert 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, 
werden im Bundesanzeiger [und, 
solange die  Schuldverschreibun-
gen an der [andere als die 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
einfügen] 
notiert sind und soweit dies die 
Regeln dieser Börse verlangen 
[in/unter][Zeitung 
oder 
Internetseite 
einfügen]] 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung 
als 
wirksam 
erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All 
notices 
regarding the Notes will be 
published electronically in the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
[and so long as the Notes are listed 
on [insert stock exchange other 
than 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange] and if the rules of such 
stock 
exchange 
so 
require 
[in/under][insert newspaper or 
webpage]]. Any notice so given 
will become effective for all 
purposes 
on 
the 
third 
day 
following the date of the first such 
publication. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
which are 
unlisted 
or listed 
on a 
stock 
exchange 
other 
than the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
the 
following 
applies: 
: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 12(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ggf. 
notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System.  The Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication pursuant to § 12(a) 
above, deliver the relevant notice 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing 
System 
to 
the 
Noteholders, 
provided that the rules of the stock 
exchange on which the notes are 
listed (if applicable) permit such 
form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been 
validly given to the Noteholders on 
the fifth day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System. 
 (c) 
Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die von einem Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen 
schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Nachweis 
seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14(c)(a) an 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearingsystem in 
der von der Emissionsstelle und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
(c) 
Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices 
to be given by any Noteholder shall 
be made in written form together 
with evidence of the Noteholder’s 
entitlement in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(a) to the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
 
§ 13 Begebung weiterer Schuldver-
schreibungen 
§ 13 Further Issues 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, 
additional 
notes 
with 
identical terms and conditions as the

--- Page 98 ---
-89- 
 
Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) wie die vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben, so 
dass sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. Der Begriff “Schuldverschrei-
bungen” umfasst im Fall einer solchen 
weiteren 
Begebung 
auch 
solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the date of issue, the interest 
commencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes. The term 
“Notes” shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes. 
§ 14 Anwendbares 
Recht, 
Erfüllungsort und Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 Applicable 
Law, 
Place 
of 
Performance and Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
Geltendes Recht.  Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
alle sich daraus ergebenden Rechte 
und Pflichten bestimmen sich 
ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and 
content of the Notes as well as all 
the rights and duties arising 
therefrom 
are 
governed 
exclusively by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich 
eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes 
für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dem 
Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG) 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen Fassung (das “SchVG”), 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
(“Rechtsstreitigkeiten”) 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject 
to 
any 
exclusive court of venue for 
specific 
legal 
proceedings 
in 
connection with the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG), as amended from time to 
time 
(the 
“SchVG”), 
non-
exclusive court of venue for all 
litigation with the Issuer arising 
from the legal relations established 
in these Terms and Conditions 
(“Proceedings”) is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 
Absatz 2, § 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 
Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der 
Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht 
ausschließlich zuständig, in dessen 
Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
the district where the Issuer has its 
registered 
office 
will 
have 
jurisdiction for all judgments 
pursuant to § 9(2), § 13(3) and 
§ 18(2) SchVG in accordance with 
§ 9(3) SchVG. The regional court 
(Landgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office 
will have exclusive jurisdiction for 
all 
judgments 
over 
contested 
resolutions by Noteholders in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder Anleihe-
gläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder 
(c) 
Enforcement.  Any 
Noteholder 
may in any Proceedings against the 
Issuer, 
or 
to 
which 
such

--- Page 99 ---
-90- 
 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der 
Anleihegläubiger 
und 
die 
Emittentin 
Partei 
sind, 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage 
zu 
schützen 
oder 
geltend zu machen: 
Noteholder and the Issuer are 
parties, protect and enforce in its 
own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank beibringt, bei der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche 
(i) 
a statement issued by the 
Custodian with which such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities account in respect 
of the Notes 
 
(A) 
den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
angibt, 
(A)  stating the full name 
and address of the 
Noteholder, 
 
(B) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung
en bezeichnet, die 
zum 
Datum 
der 
Bescheinigung 
auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind, und 
(B)  specifying 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
credited 
to 
such 
securities account on 
the 
date 
of 
such 
statement, and 
 
(C) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank gegenüber 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Clearingsystem eine 
schriftliche Erklärung 
bezüglich der Absicht 
des 
Anleihegläubigers, 
seine 
Ansprüche 
unmittelbar 
geltend 
zu 
machen, 
abgegeben hat, (I) die 
die vorstehend unter 
(A) 
und 
(B) 
bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält, 
(II) 
deren 
Empfang 
vom 
Clearingsystem 
bestätigt wurde, und 
(C)  confirming that the 
Custodian has given 
written notice to the 
relevant 
Clearing 
System 
of 
the 
intention 
of 
the 
Noteholder to enforce 
claims directly which 
(I) 
contains 
the 
information pursuant 
to (A) and (B), (II) 
has 
been 
acknowledged by the 
Clearing System, and 
(III) 
has 
been 
returned 
by 
the 
Clearing System to 
the Custodian, and

--- Page 100 ---
-91- 
 
(III) die vom Clearing 
System 
an 
die 
Depotbank 
zurückgeschickt 
wurde, und 
(ii) 
indem er eine Kopie der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearingsystems 
oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems 
bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. 
(ii) 
a copy of the Global Note 
representing 
the 
Notes 
certified as being a true copy 
by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for 
production 
in 
such 
Proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. 
 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet 
“Depotbank" 
jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die in dem 
Land, in dem die Rechtsstreitigkeit 
geführt wird, prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, 
“Custodian" means any bank or 
other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognised standing authorised to 
engage 
in 
securities 
custody 
business 
with 
which 
the 
Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. 
Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect 
and enforce its rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which 
is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
 
§ 15 Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 15 Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions; Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions.  The 
Issuer 
may 
amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority 
resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. 
There 
will 
be 
no

--- Page 101 ---
-92- 
 
der §§ 5 ff. SchVG ändern. Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
scheidet aus. 
amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions without the Issuer’s 
consent. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen 
mit Ausnahme der Ersetzung der 
Emittentin, 
die 
in 
§ 11 
abschließend geregelt ist, mit den 
in dem nachstehenden § 15(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may 
consent to amendments which 
materially change the substance of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including 
such 
measures 
as 
provided for under § 5(3) of the 
SchVG, 
but 
excluding 
a 
substitution of the Issuer, which is 
exclusively 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions in § 11, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 15(b) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution will be binding 
upon all Noteholders. 
 
(b)
 Mehrheitserfordernisse.  Vorbeh
altlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Anleihegläubiger 
mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 
Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine “Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit”). Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmen 
(§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin 
oder eines mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as 
provided by the following sentence 
and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting 
rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions 
which 
materially 
change the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions, in particular in the 
cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 through 
9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the voting rights 
participating 
in 
the 
vote 
(a 
“Qualified 
Majority”). 
The 
voting right is suspended as long as 
any Notes are attributable to the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates 
(within the meaning of § 271(2) of 
the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being 
held for the account of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
nach 
§ 15(c)(i) oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 15(c)(ii) getroffen, die von 
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the 
Noteholders will be made either in 
a 
Noteholders’ 
meeting 
in 
accordance with § 15(c)(i) or by 
means of a vote without a meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with § 15(c)(ii), in

--- Page 102 ---
-93- 
 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter einberufen 
wird.  
either case convened by the Issuer 
or a joint representative, if any.  
(i) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG 
getroffen. Die Einberufung 
der Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden in der Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt 
gegeben.  
(i) 
Resolutions 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
in 
a 
Noteholders’ meeting will 
be made in accordance with 
§ 9 et seq. of the SchVG. 
The convening notice of a 
Noteholders’ meeting will 
provide the further details 
relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified 
to Noteholders in the agenda 
of the meeting.  
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger im Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung werden nach 
§ 18 SchVG getroffen. Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter 
regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten 
der Beschlussfassung und 
der Abstimmung. Mit der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe werden die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt 
gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions 
of 
the 
Noteholders by means of a 
vote not requiring a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) will be made 
in accordance § 18 of the 
SchVG. The request for 
voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will 
provide the further details 
relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified 
to Noteholders together with 
the request for voting. 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird die 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
bei 
der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 15(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen, welche als zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne 
des § 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders’ meeting.  If it 
is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the vote without meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ 15(c)(ii), 
the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
may convene a meeting, which 
shall be deemed to be a second 
meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die 
Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer 
(e) 
Registration.  The 
exercise 
of 
voting rights is subject to the

--- Page 103 ---
-94- 
 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung im Falle 
einer Gläubigerversammlung (wie 
in 
§ 15(c)(i) 
oder 
§ 15(d) 
beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn 
des Abstimmungszeitraums 
im 
Falle einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung (wie in § 15(c)(ii) 
beschrieben) unter der in der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen 
Anleihegläubiger 
den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen 
Depotbank in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank erbringen, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung 
der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem angegebenen Ende der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
bzw. 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen 
werden können. 
registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the request 
for voting no later than the third 
day prior to the meeting in the case 
of a Noteholders’ meeting (as 
described in § 15(c)(i) or § 15(d)) 
or the beginning of the voting 
period in the case of voting not 
requiring a physical meeting (as 
described in § 15(c)(ii)), as the 
case may be. As part of the 
registration, 
Noteholders 
must 
demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their 
respective Custodian hereof in text 
form and by submission of a 
blocking 
instruction 
by 
the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including 
the stated end of the meeting or day 
the voting period ends, as the case 
may be. 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter.  Die 
Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung 
und 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung von Rechten der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 15(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint 
representative.  The 
Noteholders may by majority 
resolution 
provide 
for 
the 
appointment or dismissal of a joint 
representative, the duties and 
responsibilities and the powers of 
such joint 
representative, 
the 
transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders 
to 
the 
joint 
representative and a limitation of 
liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment 
of 
a 
joint 
representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such 
joint representative is to be 
authorised to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
in 
accordance with § 15(a) hereof. 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche 
The joint representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by

--- Page 104 ---
-95- 
 
ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung 
dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine 
Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und 
die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten 
die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
law 
or 
granted 
by 
majority 
resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the 
Noteholders. To the extent that the 
joint 
representative 
has 
been 
authorised to assert certain rights 
of 
the 
Noteholders, 
the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. 
The joint representative shall 
provide reports to the Noteholders 
on its activities. The regulations of 
the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and 
obligations 
of 
the 
joint 
representative. 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is 
liable 
for 
wilful 
misconduct 
(Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint 
representative’s liability shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of 
its annual remuneration. 
 
(g)
 Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntma
chungen betreffend diesen § 15 
erfolgen gemäß den §§ 5ff. SchVG 
sowie nach § 12. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning 
this 
§ 15 
will 
be 
made 
in 
accordance with § 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG and § 12. 
 
(f) 
Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
Garantie gemäß § 11(a)(iv). 
(f) 
Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes will 
apply mutatis mutandis to any 
guarantee granted pursuant to 
§ 11(a)(iv). 
 
§ 16 Sprache 
§ 16 Language 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Über-
setzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the German language and provided 
with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only. 
If the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, the

--- Page 105 ---
-96- 
 
anwend-
bar: 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only. 
If the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in the 
English 
language 
only, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 106 ---
-97- 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für in Euro 
denominierte, variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION II 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
euro denominated  
Floating Rate Notes 
 
§ 1 
Währung, 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, 
Specified 
Denomination, Form 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen SE (die “Emittentin”) 
begibt Schuldverschreibungen (die 
“Schuldverschreibungen”) 
in 
Euro 
(die 
“Festgelegte 
Währung”) im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von EUR [Betrag], eingeteilt in 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Stückelung von je 
EUR [Betrag] 3  (die “Festgelegte 
Stückelung”). 
(a) 
Currency; 
Specified 
Denomination.  The 
Notes 
are 
issued by Deutsche Wohnen SE 
(the 
“Issuer”) 
in 
Euro 
(the 
“Specified Currency”), in the 
aggregate principal amount of 
EUR [amount], divided into notes 
in the specified denomination of 
EUR [amount] 4  (the “Specified 
Denomination”) 
each 
(the 
“Notes”). 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in 
bearer form. 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
– 
Austausch.  Die Schuldverschrei-
bungen sind zunächst in einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die 
“Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde”) 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
– 
Exchange.  The Notes are initially 
represented by a temporary global 
Note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”) without interest coupons. 
 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird insgesamt oder teilweise und 
unentgeltlich an oder nach dem 
Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, frühestens jedoch 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag des Beginns des 
Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über 
das 
Nichtbestehen 
wirtschaftlichen 
U.S.-Eigentums 
im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-
U.S. beneficial ownership) in der 
in der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
vorgesehenen Form, gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
“Dauer-Globalurkunde") 
(die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauer-Globalurkunde jeweils auch 
eine 
“Globalurkunde”) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
ausgetauscht. 
Ein 
Recht der Anleihegläubiger (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
auf 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in 
part and free of charge, on or after 
the day that is 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the 
offering and the date of issue of the 
Notes for a permanent global Note 
(the “Permanent Global Note”) 
(the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a 
“Global Note”) without interest 
coupons upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note. The right of the 
Noteholders (as defined below) to 
require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons 
is excluded. 
 
                                                     
3 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 100.000. 
4 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000.

--- Page 107 ---
-98- 
 
Ausgabe 
und 
Lieferung 
von 
Einzelurkunden oder Zinsscheinen 
besteht nicht. 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im 
Auftrag 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the 
Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note will be 
held in custody by or on behalf of 
a 
Clearing 
System 
until 
all 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes have been satisfied. 
 
“Clearingsystem” bezeichnet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
(“Clearstream, Frankfurt”)] [,] 
[und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxemburg”)] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien, 
(“Euroclear”)] 
[(Clearstream, 
Luxemburg und Euroclear jeweils 
ein “ICSD” und zusammen die 
“ICSDs”)] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
“Clearing System” means [if 
more than one Clearing System 
the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of 
Germany 
(“Clearstream, 
Frankfurt”)] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, 
(“Euroclear”)] 
[(Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear each 
an “ICSD” and together the 
“ICSDs”)] and any successor in 
such capacity. 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
ausgegeben 
werden 
bzw. bei 
Verwah-
rung durch 
Clear-
stream 
Frankfurt, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
zur 
Vertretung 
der 
Emittentin 
berechtigten Personen sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
intended 
to be 
issued in 
the 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
form or 
deposited 
with 
Clear-
stream 
Frank-
furt, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer New Global 
The Notes are issued in new global 
note (“NGN") form and are kept in 
In the 
case of

--- Page 108 ---
-99- 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die in 
Form einer 
New Global 
Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
Folgendes: 
Note (“NGN") ausgegeben und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
custody by a common safekeeper 
on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Notes in-
tended to 
be issued 
in the 
New 
Global 
Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD 
jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung 
mit dem Nennbetrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis 
über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note shall be the aggregate amount 
from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which 
reflect 
the 
amount 
of 
such 
customers' interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global 
Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf und Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin 
sicher, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zinszahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest 
payment being made in respect of, 
or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such 
redemption, payment of interest or 
purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being 
made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed 
or 
purchased 
and 
cancelled.

--- Page 109 ---
-100- 
 
Bei Austausch lediglich eines 
Anteils von durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen (in durch eine 
Dauer-Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen) wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only 
of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note (into 
Notes represented by a Permanent 
Global Note), the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the ICSDs. 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und 
die Dauer-Globalurkunde tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
zur 
Vertretung 
der 
Emittentin 
berechtigten Personen sowie die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
die 
eigenhändige Unterschrift eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each bear the manual signatures of 
two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual 
signature of an authentication 
officer of the Fiscal Agent and the 
manual signature of an authorised 
officer of the common safekeeper. 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(“Anleihegläubiger”) 
stehen 
Miteigentumsanteile 
oder 
vergleichbare andere Rechte an der 
Globalurkunde zu, die gemäß 
anwendbarem Recht und den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des 
Clearingsystems 
übertragen 
werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The holders of Notes 
(“Noteholders”) are entitled to co-
ownership participations or other 
comparable rights in the Global 
Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and the rules and regulations of the 
Clearing System. 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen begründen nicht besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, 
die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
nichts 
anderes 
vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for any obligations 
required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, solange Schuld-
verschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen 
(b) 
Negative 
pledge.  The 
Issuer 
undertakes, so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the

--- Page 110 ---
-101- 
 
der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt wurden, keine dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
ihren 
Vermögenswerten zur Besicherung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten zu 
bestellen oder fortbestehen zu 
lassen, und zu gewährleisten, dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften die zuvor 
genannten 
Sicherungsrechte 
bestellt oder fortbestehen lässt, es 
sei denn, die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen werden durch das 
betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht 
gleichrangig mit der jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, 
sofern es sich dabei um eine 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeit 
handelt, 
im 
Vergleich 
dazu 
vorrangig) besichert. 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
create or permit to subsist, and to 
procure that none of its Material 
Subsidiaries will create or permit 
to subsist, any security interest in 
rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) 
over its assets to secure any Capital 
Market Indebtedness other than 
Securitized 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness unless the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are 
secured equally with (or, in case 
such Capital Market Indebtedness 
is subordinated debt, senior in 
priority to) the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by such 
security interest. 
Die Verpflichtungserklärung nach 
diesem § 2(b) gilt jedoch nicht für 
eine Sicherheit, die 
The undertaking pursuant to this 
§ 2(b) shall not apply to a security 
which 
 
(i) 
über 
Vermögensgegenstände 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, die erst nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin 
wurde, 
gewährt wurde; 
(i) 
was granted over assets of a 
subsidiary of the Issuer that 
becomes a Subsidiary only 
after the issue date of the 
Notes; 
 
(ii) 
nach anwendbarem Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
ist; 
(ii) 
is mandatory according to 
applicable laws; 
 
(iii) 
Voraussetzung 
für 
die 
Gewährung 
staatlicher 
Genehmigungen ist; 
(iii) 
is required as a prerequisite 
for governmental approvals; 
 
(iv) 
bereits 
am 
Tag 
der 
Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen bestand; 
(iv) 
exists on the issue date of 
the Notes; 
 
(v) 
durch 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zur 
Sicherung 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
(v) 
is granted by a Subsidiary 
over any existing or future 
claims of this Subsidiary 
against the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries as a result of 
passing on proceeds from

--- Page 111 ---
-102- 
 
gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
aufgrund der Weiterleitung 
von 
Erlösen 
aus 
der 
Emission von Wertpapieren 
gewährt wurde, soweit diese 
Sicherheit zur Sicherung 
von Verpflichtungen dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
aus 
diesen Wertpapieren dient; 
the sale of any issuance of 
any securities, provided that 
such security serves as 
security for obligations of 
this Subsidiary under such 
securities; 
(vi) 
eine im Zeitpunkt einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichert, die infolge der 
Akquisition 
eine 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin wird; 
(vi) 
secures 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness existing at the 
time of an acquisition that 
becomes an obligation of the 
Issuer as a consequence of 
such acquisition; 
 
(vii) eine 
Erneuerung, 
Verlängerung 
oder 
Ersetzung einer Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehender Ziffern 
(i) bis (vi) darstellt; oder 
(vii) constitutes 
the 
renewal, 
extension or replacement of 
any security pursuant to the 
foregoing (i) through (vi); or 
 
(viii) nicht 
in 
den 
Anwendungsbereich von (i) 
bis (vii) fällt und Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten 
besichert, 
deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Kapitalbetrag 
anderer 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten, für 
die dingliche Sicherheiten 
(begeben 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft) 
bestehen, die nicht in den 
Anwendungsbereich von (i) 
bis 
(vii) 
fallen) 
EUR 400.000.000 (bzw. den 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) 
nicht 
überschreitet. 
(viii) does not fall within the 
scope of application of (i) 
through (vii) above and 
which 
secures 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness with a 
principal 
amount 
(when 
aggregated 
with 
the 
principal amount of other 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness which has the 
benefit of security (issued 
by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary) other than any 
falling within the scope of 
application of (i) through 
(vii) above) not exceeding 
EUR 400,000,000 (or its 
equivalent 
in 
other 
currencies). 
 
Entsteht für die Emittentin eine 
Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 2(b) (oder entsteht die 
Verpflichtung, 
für 
deren 
Besicherung 
durch 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
Sorge zu tragen), so ist die 
Whenever the Issuer becomes 
obliged to secure (or procure that a 
Material Subsidiary secures) the 
Notes pursuant to this § 2(b), the 
Issuer shall be entitled to discharge 
such obligation by providing (or 
procuring 
that 
the 
relevant 
Material Subsidiary provides) a

--- Page 112 ---
-103- 
 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
diese 
Verpflichtung dadurch zu erfüllen, 
dass sie ein Sicherungsrecht an 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Sicherungsgegenstand zugunsten 
eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders 
bestellt (bzw. dadurch, dass sie die 
betreffende 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zur 
Begründung 
eines 
solchen 
Sicherungsrechts veranlasst), und 
zwar in einer Weise, dass der 
Sicherheitentreuhänder 
diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand 
dinglich 
oder, falls rechtlich nicht möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig 
zugunsten der Anleihegläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen und 
der Anleihegläubiger derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, 
die aufgrund der Besicherung zur 
Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
security interest in the relevant 
collateral to a security trustee, such 
security trustee to hold such 
collateral and the security interest 
that gave rise to the creation of 
such collateral, equally, for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and the 
holders of the Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
secured 
by 
the 
security interest that gave rise to 
the creation of such security 
interest in such collateral, such 
equal rank to be created in rem or, 
if this is legally impossible to 
create 
in 
rem, 
contractually 
(dinglich oder, falls rechtlich nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig). 
(c) 
Definitionen. 
(c) 
Definitions. 
 
“Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” 
bezeichnet jede gegenwärtige oder 
künftige 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien 
oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), 
die verbrieft ist in Form von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen 
oder sonstigen Wertpapieren, die 
an 
einer 
Börse, 
einem 
außerbörslichen Markt oder an 
einem 
anderen 
anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden 
können, 
bzw. 
von 
Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Schuldscheindarlehen, die u.a. mit 
Sicherheiten 
an 
Immobilien 
besichert sind). 
“Capital Market Indebtedness” 
means any present or future 
obligation for the payment of 
borrowed 
money 
(including 
obligations by reason of any 
guarantee 
or 
other 
liability 
agreement for such obligations of 
third parties) which is in the form 
of, or represented by, bonds, notes 
or other securities which are 
capable of being quoted, listed, 
dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange, 
over-the-counter-
market 
or 
other 
recognised 
securities market or Schuldschein 
loans (except for Schuldschein 
loans secured, inter alia, by 
collateral over real estate). 
 
“Tochtergesellschaft” bezeichnet 
jede Person, die bei der Erstellung 
der 
Konzernabschlüsse 
der 
“Subsidiary” means any Person 
that must be consolidated with the 
Issuer 
for 
the 
purposes 
of

--- Page 113 ---
-104- 
 
Emittentin mit ihr konsolidiert 
werden muss. 
preparing Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer. 
“Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit” 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verbriefung oder vergleichbaren 
Finanzierungsvereinbarung 
in 
Bezug auf Vermögenswerte der 
Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die 
Rückgriffsrechte der Gläubiger der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
auf 
die Emittentin ausschließlich auf 
die betreffenden Vermögenswerte 
oder die daraus erzielten Erträge 
beschränkt sind. 
“Securitized 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness” means any Capital 
Market Indebtedness incurred in 
respect of or in connection with 
any 
securitization 
or 
similar 
financing arrangement relating to 
assets owned by the Issuer or its 
Subsidiaries 
and 
where 
the 
recourse of the holders of such 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
against the Issuer is limited solely 
to such assets or any income 
generated therefrom. 
 
“Wesentliche 
Tochtergesell-
schaft” 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin, 
deren Bilanzsumme mindestens 
2 % der Summe Aktiva (wie in 
§9 (d) definiert) ausmacht. 
“Material Subsidiary” means any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer whose 
total assets are at least equal to 2 
per cent. of the Total Assets (as 
defined in §9 (d)). 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
(a) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(i) 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
wird 
bezogen 
auf 
ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
“Verzinsungsbeginn”) 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach 
von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) mit einem 
jährlichen Satz, der dem 
Zinssatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, 
verzinst. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
Der 
zahlbare 
Zinsbetrag 
wird 
gemäß 
§ 3(d) 
berechnet. 
(i) 
Each Note bears interest on 
its Specified Denomination 
at the rate per annum equal 
to the Rate of Interest (as 
defined below) from and 
including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the 
“Interest Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from and 
including 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
to 
but 
excluding the next following 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
Interest on the Notes will be 
payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable 
shall 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(d).

--- Page 114 ---
-105- 
 
(ii) 
“Zinszahlungstag” 
bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen] 
eines jeden Jahres. 
(ii) 
“Interest Payment Date” 
means, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business Day Convention, 
[insert Specified Interest 
Payment Dates] in each 
year. 
 
(iii)  “Geschäftstagekonven-
tion” 
hat 
die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen 
Tag, der kein Geschäftstag 
(wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es 
sei 
denn, 
jener 
würde 
dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
(iii) 
“Business 
Day 
Convention” 
has 
the 
following meaning: If any 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), the 
Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall 
into 
the 
next 
calendar 
month, in which event the 
Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day. 
 
(iv) 
“Geschäftstag” bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) das Clearingsystem 
und (ii) alle betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-
European Automated Real-
time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
(iv) 
“Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which both (i) 
the Clearing System and (ii) 
all relevant parts of the 
Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) are open to 
effect payments. 
 
(b) 
Zinssatz.  Der “Zinssatz” für jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Zinssatz per 
annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] 
entspricht, wobei der Zinssatz 
mindestens 0,00 % per annum 
beträgt. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest.  The “Rate of 
Interest” for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will be a rate 
per annum equal to the Reference 
Rate (as defined below) [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], subject to a minimum of 
0.00 per cent. per annum. 
 
Im Falle 
einer 
Marge gilt 
Folgendes: 
Die 
“Marge” 
beträgt 
[Zahl 
einfügen] % per annum. 
“Margin” means [insert number] 
per cent. per annum. 
In case of 
a Margin 
the 
following 
applies: 
“Zinsperiode” 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
“Interest Period” means each 
period from and including the

--- Page 115 ---
-106- 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including an 
Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
(c) 
Feststellung des Referenzsatzes. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt 
an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(c). 
(c) 
Determination of the Reference 
Rate. The Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant Reference 
Rate in accordance with this § 3(c) 
on each Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
Der 
“Referenzsatz” 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
wird 
wie 
folgt 
bestimmt. 
The “Reference Rate” for each 
Interest Period will be determined 
as follows: 
 
(i) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die 
vor 
dem 
Eintritt 
des 
jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in 
§ 3(e)(vii) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag. 
(i) 
For each Interest Period 
beginning 
prior 
to 
the 
occurrence of the relevant 
Effective Date (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vii)), the Reference 
Rate will be equal to the 
Original Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date.  
 
 
Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, entspricht 
der 
"Referenzsatz" 
dem 
Referenzbankensatz 
an 
diesem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
If the Original Benchmark 
Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time 
on the relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
"Reference Rate" will be 
equal to the Reference Bank 
Rate 
on 
that 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
Falls 
der 
Referenzbankensatz 
nicht 
gemäß der Definition dieses 
Begriffs festgestellt werden 
kann, 
entspricht 
der 
"Referenzsatz" 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
If the Reference Bank Rate 
cannot be determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
definition of such term, the 
"Reference Rate" shall be 
equal 
to 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
on 
which 
such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed.

--- Page 116 ---
-107- 
 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt 
wurde. 
(ii) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die an 
oder nach dem jeweiligen 
Stichtag beginnt, wird der 
"Referenzsatz" 
gemäß 
§ 3(e) bestimmt. 
(ii) 
For each Interest Period 
commencing on or after the 
relevant Effective Date, the 
"Reference Rate" will be 
determined in accordance 
with § 3(e). 
 
“Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz” an einem Tag 
bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(e)) 
die [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum), die an dem betreffenden 
Tag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
“Original Benchmark Rate” on 
any day means (subject to § 3(e)) 
the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) 
fixed at, and appearing on the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on such day. 
 
“Referenzbankensatz” 
bezeichnet den (als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückten) Satz für 
Einlagen 
in 
Euro 
für 
die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
einen Repräsentativen Betrag (auf 
Grundlage 
des 
Actual/360 
Zinstagequotienten), 
den 
die 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegenüber führenden 
Banken im Interbankenmarkt der 
Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nennen, und der wie folgt bestimmt 
wird: Die Emittentin wird jede 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
ihren 
Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. Falls 
zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
Angebotssätze nennen, ist der 
Referenzbankensatz 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf 
das 
nächste 
tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet 
wird) dieser Angebotssätze, wobei 
alle 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
“Reference Bank Rate” means 
the rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) at which deposits 
in Euro are offered by the 
Reference 
Banks 
(as 
defined 
below) at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Euro-
Zone interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount, assuming 
an Actual/360 day count basis, 
determined as follows: The Issuer 
shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation. If 
two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent 
with 
such 
offered 
quotations, the Reference Bank 
Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards) 
of 
such 
offered 
quotations, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Falls 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nur eine oder 
keine der Referenzbanken der 
If 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date only one or 
none of the Reference Banks

--- Page 117 ---
-108- 
 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz 
beschriebenen 
Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode der 
Satz 
per 
annum, 
den 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
als 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf 
das 
nächste 
tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet 
wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die von 
der 
Emittentin 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken im Interbankenmarkt 
der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
der 
Berechnungsstelle auf Bitte der 
Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz 
nennen, zu dem sie an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
Darlehen 
in 
Euro 
für 
die 
betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
einen 
Repräsentativen 
Betrag 
gegenüber führenden europäischen 
Banken anbieten. 
provides the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations as 
provided 
in 
the 
preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Bank 
Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum 
which 
the 
Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, 
as 
communicated 
at 
approximately 
11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) at the request of the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market, selected by the 
Issuer, at which such banks offer, 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, loans in Euro 
for the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount to 
leading European banks. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
 
“Bildschirmseite” bezeichnet die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder 
von 
einem 
anderen 
Informationsanbieter 
als 
Nachfolger, welche die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 
ersetzt. 
“Screen Page” means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or such 
other screen page of Reuters or 
such other information service 
which is the successor to the 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
 
“Euro-Zone” 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, 
die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert 
durch 
den Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet 
in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 
2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt 
haben werden. 
“Euro-zone” means the region 
comprised of those member states 
of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from 
time to time, the single currency in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Treaty 
establishing 
the 
European 
Community (signed in Rome on 25 
March 1957), as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union (signed 
in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and the Amsterdam Treaty of 
2 October 
1997, 
as 
further 
amended from time to time.

--- Page 118 ---
-109- 
 
“Referenzbanken” bezeichnet die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier 
von der Emittentin ausgewählten 
großen 
Banken 
im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone. 
“Reference Banks” means the 
principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
 
“Repräsentativer 
Betrag” 
bezeichnet einen Betrag, der zu 
dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne 
Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
“Representative Amount” means 
an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
 
“TARGET-Geschäftstag” 
bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem das 
Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system 2 (TARGET) 
betriebsbereit ist. 
“TARGET Business Day” means 
a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) is operating. 
 
“Zinsfestsetzungstag” bezeichnet 
den 
zweiten 
TARGET-
Geschäftstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
“Interest Determination Date” 
means 
the 
second 
TARGET 
Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
kurzer oder 
langer 
[erster] 
[letzter] 
Kupon 
vorliegt, 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
Für die [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
legt die Berechnungsstelle den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch vernünftiger Weise 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
zwei 
Referenzsätzen 
fest, von denen (i) der eine 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu 
bestimmen ist, für den es einen 
dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz gibt und der der 
Länge 
der 
anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber kürzer als diese ist und (ii) der 
andere Referenzsatz für einen 
Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den 
es 
einen 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und 
der 
der 
Länge 
der 
anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode 
am 
nächsten kommt, aber länger als 
diese ist. 
In respect of the [first] [last] 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate 
shall 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination 
Date 
in 
a 
commercially reasonable manner 
using the straight-line interpolation 
by reference to two reference rates, 
(i) one 
of 
which 
shall 
be 
determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the 
Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but shorter 
than the applicable Interest Period 
and (ii) the other of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the 
Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but longer 
than the applicable Interest Period. 
If a short 
/ long 
[first] 
[last] 
coupon is 
applica-
ble the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
(d) 
Zinsbetrag.  Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst 
nach 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen 
(d) 
Interest Amount.  The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the 
amount of interest (the “Interest

--- Page 119 ---
-110- 
 
Zinsbetrag 
bezogen 
auf 
jede 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
(der 
“Zinsbetrag”) 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und 
der 
Zinstagequotient 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf jede 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende 
Betrag 
auf 
den 
nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder 
abgerundet 
wird, 
wobei 
0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden. 
Amount”) payable on the Notes in 
respect 
of 
each 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) 
to 
each 
Specified 
Denomination and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest 
0.01 Euro, 
0.005 Euro 
being 
rounded upwards. 
“Zinstagequotient” 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem Tag, an dem dieser fällig wird 
(ausschließlich)) 
(unabhängig 
davon, ob es sich dabei um eine 
Zinsperiode 
handelt, 
der 
“Zinsberechnungszeitraum”) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in 
respect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and 
including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the day on 
which it falls due) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the 
“Calculation Period”) the actual 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
 
(e) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für die 
Bestimmung 
des 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatzes und die Verzinsung 
der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
§ 3 Folgendes: 
(e) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the 
relevant Reference Rate and the 
interest on the Notes in accordance 
with § 3 will be determined as 
follows: 
 
(i) 
Unabhängiger Berater.  Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi) definiert) und vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
Unabhängigen Berater (wie 
in § 3(e)(vi) definiert) zu 
benennen, der einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi) 
definiert), 
die 
Anpassungsspanne (wie in 
§ 3(e)(vi) 
definiert) 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The 
Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is required following the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Event 
(as 
defined in § 3(e)(vi)) and 
prior to the next Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
endeavour to appoint an 
Independent Adviser 
(as 
defined in § 3(e)(vi)), who 
will 
determine 
a 
New 
Benchmark Rate (as defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)), 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(as 
defined in § 3(e)(vi)) and 
any 
Benchmark

--- Page 120 ---
-111- 
 
Änderungen 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(e)(iv) definiert) festlegt. 
Amendments (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(iv)). 
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz 
(Fallback).  Wenn vor dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 
10th Business Day prior to 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, 
 
(A) 
die Emittentin keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater ernannt hat; 
oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not 
appointed 
an 
Independent Adviser; 
or 
 
(B) 
der 
ernannte 
Unabhängige Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
keine 
An-
passungsspanne 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-Ände-
rungen (sofern erfor-
derlich) 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser appointed by 
it has not determined 
a New Benchmark 
Rate, has not de-
termined 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and/or has not de-
termined 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
required) 
in 
accordance with this 
§ 3(e), 
 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für die nächste 
Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten, 
unmittelbar 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
relevanten 
Stichtags 
liegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
then the Reference Rate 
applicable 
to 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period shall be the 
Reference Rate determined 
on 
the 
last 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
immediately preceding the 
relevant Effective Date. 
 
Falls 
der 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß diesem § 3(e)(ii) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 3(e) erneut angewendet, 
um den Referenzsatz für die 
nächste nachfolgende (und, 
sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) 
zu 
bestimmen. 
If 
the 
fallback 
rate 
determined in accordance 
with this § 3(e)(ii) is to be 
applied, 
§ 3(e) 
will 
be 
operated again to determine 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable 
to 
the 
next 
subsequent (and, if required, 
further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s). 
 
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der 
Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(iii) 
Successor Benchmark Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate. If the Independent 
Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
 
(A) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
(A) 
there is a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate,

--- Page 121 ---
-112- 
 
Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue Benchmarksatz; 
oder 
then such Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(B) 
dass 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber 
einen 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alter-
nativ-Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Bench-
marksatz. 
(B) 
there is no Successor 
Benchmark Rate but 
that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then such Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate. 
 
In beiden Fällen entspricht 
der "Referenzsatz" für die 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
dann (x) dem Neuen Bench-
marksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) der Anpassungsspanne. 
In either case the "Reference 
Rate" for the immediately 
following Interest Period 
and all following Interest 
Periods will then be (x) the 
New Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus 
(y) the Adjustment Spread. 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
festgelegt 
werden, 
und 
wenn 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, dass Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, 
die 
“Benchmark-
Änderungen”), dann wird 
der Unabhängige Berater die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und wird die 
Emittentin diese durch eine 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If 
any 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread are determined in 
accordance with this § 3(e), 
and if the Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
that 
amendments to these Terms 
and 
Conditions 
are 
necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such 
New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, 
the 
“Benchmark 
Amendments”), then the 
Independent Adviser will 
determine the Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer 
will give notice thereof in 
accordance with § 3(e)(v).

--- Page 122 ---
-113- 
 
Mitteilung gemäß § 3(e)(v) 
bekanntmachen. 
Diese 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere 
folgende 
Regelungen erfassen: 
The 
Benchmark 
Amendments may include 
without limitation: 
 
(A) 
den Referenzsatz ein-
schließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" 
und/oder 
(in 
Er-
setzung von Ziffer (i) 
der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Referenzsatz" 
in 
§ 3(c)) die Methode 
zur Bestimmung des 
Ausweichsatzes (sog. 
Fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz 
ein-
schließlich des Refe-
renzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
(A) 
the Reference Rate 
including the "Screen 
Page" 
and/or 
(in 
replacement of clause 
(i) of the definition of 
the term "Reference 
Rate" in § 3(c)) the 
method 
for 
determining 
the 
fallback 
rate 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Reference 
Rate, 
including 
the 
Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or 
 
(B) 
die Definitionen der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", "Ge-
schäftstagekonven-
tion", "Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zins-
zahlungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung ob der 
Referenzsatz voraus-
schauend vor oder zu 
Beginn 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend 
vor 
oder zu dem Ende der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the 
terms 
"Business 
Day", "Business Day 
Convention", 
"Interest 
Period", 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction", 
"Interest 
Determination Date" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date" 
(including 
the 
determination 
whether the Refe-
rence Rate will be 
determined 
in 
advance on or prior to 
the relevant Interest 
Period or in arrear on 
or prior to the end of 
the relevant Interest 
Period); and/or 
 
(C) 
der 
Geschäftstagekonven
tion gemäß § 5(d). 
(C) 
the 
business 
day 
convention in § 5(d) 
 
(v) 
Mitteilungen, 
etc. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen gemäß diesem 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will 
notify any New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any) 
determined under this § 3(e)

--- Page 123 ---
-114- 
 
§ 3(e) der Emissionsstelle, 
der Berechnungsstelle, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 12 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald 
eine solche Mitteilung (nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung 
erforderlich ist, spätestens 
jedoch an dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zins-
festsetzungstag. Eine solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich und hat den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
the 
Paying Agents 
and, 
in 
accordance with § 12, the 
Noteholders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer's 
view) required following the 
determination thereof, but in 
any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable 
and 
shall 
specify 
the 
Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
die Anpassungsspanne und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen, die jeweils in 
der 
Mitteilung 
benannt 
werden, 
sind 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each 
as specified in such notice, 
will be binding on the Issuer, 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
the 
Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed 
to have been amended by the 
New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
 
An oder vor dem Tag dieser 
Mitteilung 
hat 
die 
Emittentin 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zu 
überlassen, die 
On or prior to the date of 
such notice, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
 
(A) 
(A) 
 
(I) 
bestätigt, dass 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(I) confirming that a 
Benchmark Event 
has occurred; 
 
(II) 
den 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
(II) specifying 
the 
relevant 
New

--- Page 124 ---
-115- 
 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
benennt; 
Benchmark Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with 
the provisions of 
this § 3(e); 
(III) die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspa
nne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
benennt, 
die 
jeweils 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellt 
wurden; und 
(III) specifying 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread and the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if 
any), 
each 
determined 
in 
accordance with 
the provisions of 
this § 3(e); and 
 
(IV) den 
Stichtag 
benennt; und 
(IV) specifying 
the 
Effective 
Date; 
and 
 
(B) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen 
notwendig sind, um 
die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu 
gewährleisten. 
(B) 
confirming that the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) 
are 
necessary 
to 
ensure 
the 
proper 
operation 
of 
such 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark Rate and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
 
(vi) 
Definitionen. 
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
diesem 
§ 3(e): 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this 
§ 3(e): 
 
Die “Anpassungsspanne”, 
die positiv, negativ oder 
gleich Null sein kann, wird 
in 
Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der 
Anwendung 
der 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, die 
The “Adjustment Spread”, 
which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be 
expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating 
the spread, which 
 
(1) 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im 
(1) 
in the case of a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is 
formally

--- Page 125 ---
-116- 
 
Zusammenhang mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
von 
dem 
Nominierungsgremiu
m empfohlen wird; 
oder 
recommended 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement of the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by 
any 
Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(sofern keine Em-
pfehlung 
gemäß 
Absatz (1) abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapital-
märkten 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz ange-
wendet 
wird, 
um 
einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen; oder 
(2) 
(if 
no 
recommen-
dation pursuant to 
clause (1) has been 
made, or in the case of 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is 
customarily 
applied 
to 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate in 
the international debt 
capital 
markets 
to 
produce an industry-
accepted replacement 
benchmark rate for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(3) 
(sofern 
der 
Unab-
hängige 
Berater 
feststellt, dass keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, und 
dass das Folgende für 
die 
Schuldverschreibung
en angemessen ist) als 
industrieweiter 
Standard für Over-
the-Counter 
Deri-
vatetransaktionen, die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
be-
ziehen, 
anerkannt 
oder 
bestätigt 
ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch 
den 
Neuen 
(3) 
(if the Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
that no such spread is 
customarily 
applied 
and that the following 
would be appropriate 
for the Notes) is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged 
as 
being the industry 
standard for over-the-
counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
where the Original 
Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate;

--- Page 126 ---
-117- 
 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist; 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion. 
 
“Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz” 
be-
zeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, 
die bzw. der üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen 
Zinssätzen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen 
werden. 
“Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate” means an alternative 
benchmark or an alternative 
screen 
rate 
which 
is 
customarily applied in the 
international debt capital 
markets for the purpose of 
determining floating rates of 
interest in the Specified 
Currency, provided that all 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser. 
 
Ein “Benchmark-Ereignis” 
tritt ein, wenn: 
A 
“Benchmark 
Event” 
occurs if: 
 
(1) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch 
oder im Namen der 
für den Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen wird, 
aus der hervorgeht, 
dass dieser Admini-
strator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung oder der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrat
(1) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf 
of 
the 
regulatory supervisor 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator stating 
that 
said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless, at 
the 
time 
of 
the 
statement 
or 
publication, there is a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or

--- Page 127 ---
-118- 
 
or, 
der 
den 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin bereitstellt; 
oder 
(2) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen durch 
oder im Namen des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, 
die besagt, dass der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung oder der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrat
or, der den Ursprüng-
lichen 
Bench-
marksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a public statement or 
publication 
of 
information by or on 
behalf of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator 
is 
made, stating that said 
administrator 
has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, unless, at 
the 
time 
of 
the 
statement 
or 
publication, there is a 
successor 
administrator that will 
continue to provide 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(3) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer 
Ansicht nach nicht 
mehr repräsentativ für 
den 
zugrunde 
liegenden Markt, den 
er zu messen vorgibt, 
ist oder sein wird, und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(3) 
a public statement by 
the supervisor of the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator is 
made that, in its view, 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate is no 
longer representative, 
or will no longer be 
representative, of the 
underlying market it 
purports to measure 
and no action to 
remediate 
such 
a 
situation is taken or 
expected to be taken 
as required by the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate administrator; or

--- Page 128 ---
-119- 
 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung 
einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen worden sind 
oder zu erwarten sind; 
oder 
(4) 
die Verwendung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nach einem Gesetz 
oder 
einer 
Verordnung, die in 
Bezug auf die Zahl-
stellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die Emittentin oder 
jeden 
Dritten 
anwendbar 
sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any 
reason, 
unlawful 
under any law or 
regulation applicable 
to any Paying Agent, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to use 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
(5) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle 
Ankündigung durch 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
oder 
den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht 
wird; 
oder  
(5) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate is 
permanently 
no 
longer 
published 
without a previous 
official 
announcement by the 
competent authority 
or the administrator; 
or 
 
(6) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
(6) 
material change is 
made to the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology. 
 
“Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz” 
bezeichnet einen Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
formell 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
“Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate” means a successor to 
or 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
“Neuer 
Benchmarksatz” 
bezeichnet 
den 
jeweils 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-
“New Benchmark Rate” 
means 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate determined

--- Page 129 ---
-120- 
 
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
in accordance with this 
§ 3(e). 
“Nominierungsgremium” 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
“Relevant 
Nominating 
Body” means, in respect of 
the 
replacement 
of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für 
die Währung, in der 
die Benchmark oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder 
eine Zentralbank oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
(1) 
the central bank for 
the currency to which 
the 
benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or 
other 
supervisory 
authority which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the 
benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); 
or 
 
(2) 
jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder jeden Ausschuss 
gefördert 
durch, 
geführt 
oder 
mitgeführt von oder 
gebildet von (a) der 
Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der die 
Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird, (b) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (c) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen 
davon. 
(2) 
any working group or 
committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-
chaired 
by 
or 
constituted 
at 
the 
request of (a) the 
central bank for the 
currency to which the 
benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) 
relates, (b) any central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority 
which is responsible 
for supervising the 
administrator of the 
benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the 
aforementioned 
central banks or other 
supervisory 
authorities or (d) the 
Financial 
Stability 
Board or any part 
thereof. 
 
“Unabhängiger 
Berater” 
bezeichnet ein von der 
“Independent 
Adviser” 
means 
an 
independent

--- Page 130 ---
-121- 
 
Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten. 
financial 
institution 
of 
international repute or other 
independent 
financial 
adviser experienced in the 
international debt capital 
markets, 
in 
each 
case 
appointed by the Issuer. 
(vii) Der 
Stichtag 
für 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
Anpassungsspanne und der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen gemäß diesem 
§ 3(e) (der “Stichtag”) ist 
der Zinsfestsetzungstag, der 
auf 
den 
frühesten 
der 
folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(vii) The effective date for the 
application of the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) determined under this 
§ 3(e) 
(the 
“Effective 
Date”) will be the Interest 
Determination Date falling 
on or after the earliest of the 
following dates: 
 
(1) 
den Tag, an dem die 
Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird, wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der 
Absätze (1), (2) oder 
(3) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(1) 
if 
the 
Benchmark 
Event has occurred as 
a result of clauses (1), 
(2) or (3) of the 
definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", 
the date of cessation 
of publication of the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
of 
the 
discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may 
be; or 
 
(2) 
den Tag des Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze 
(5) 
oder 
(6) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Bench-
mark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(2) 
if 
the 
Benchmark 
Event has occurred as 
a result of clauses  (5) 
or (6) of the definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", 
the 
date 
of 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark Event; or 
 
(3) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht 
mehr 
verwendet 
werden darf, wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
(3) 
if 
the 
Benchmark 
Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (4) 
of the definition of the 
term 
"Benchmark 
Event", the date from

--- Page 131 ---
-122- 
 
Ereignis aufgrund des 
Absatzes 
(4) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist. 
which the prohibition 
applies. 
(viii) Wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis in Bezug auf einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(e) 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in § 3 auf den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
als 
Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(viii) If 
a 
Benchmark 
Event 
occurs in relation to any 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
§ 3(e) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement 
of such New Benchmark 
Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may be. In 
this case, any reference in 
§ 3 to the term "Original 
Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to 
the New Benchmark Rate 
that last applied. 
 
(ix) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
gegebenenfalls auch eine 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
eine 
etwaige Teilkomponente des 
Ursprünglichen 
Bench-
marksatzes ein, wenn in 
Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Teilkomponente 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist. 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3 to 
the 
term 
Original 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to include a refer-
ence to any component part 
thereof, if any, in respect of 
which a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. 
 
(f) 
Mitteilungen.  Die 
Berechnungs-
stelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, 
die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
relevante 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 und 
der Luxemburger Börse, sofern die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin dort 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Luxemburger 
Börse verlangen, unverzüglich, 
(f) 
Notifications.  The 
Calculation 
Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period, each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and to the Noteholders by 
notice in accordance with § 12 and, 
if required by the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to 
time listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer, to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange without undue delay, but 
in no event later than the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 132 ---
-123- 
 
aber keinesfalls später als am 
ersten 
Tag 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im 
Fall 
einer Verlängerung 
oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode 
können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Anpassung 
wird 
umgehend 
allen 
maßgeblichen Börsen, an denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung 
der Emittentin notiert sind, sowie 
den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitgeteilt. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate 
alternative 
arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly 
notified to any relevant stock 
exchange on which the Notes are 
then listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 12. 
(g) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen.  Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
(g) 
Determinations 
Binding.  All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this § 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
 
(h) 
Ende des Zinslaufs.  Der Zinslauf 
der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
an dem Ende des Tages, der dem 
Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit nicht zurückzahlt, endet 
die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht am 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag, 
sondern erst an dem Ende des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende 
Zinssatz wird gemäß diesem § 3 
bestimmt. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben unberührt. 
(h) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The 
Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the end of the day preceding 
their due date for redemption. If 
the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the 
due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of 
the Notes. The applicable rate of 
interest will be determined in 
accordance with this § 3. This does 
not affect any additional rights that 
might 
be 
available 
to 
the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 133 ---
-124- 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits insgesamt oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
eingezogen, werden die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu ihrer Festgelegten 
Stückelung an dem Zinszahlungs-
tag, 
der 
auf 
oder 
um 
den 
[Endfälligkeitstag einfügen] (der 
“Endfälligkeitstag”) 
fällt, 
zurückgezahlt. 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the 
extent not previously redeemed in 
whole or in part, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed 
at 
their 
Specified 
Denomination on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or around 
[insert 
Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
“Maturity Date”).  
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Gross-up-
Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a 
Gross up Event. 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eintritt, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu 
dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß § 4(b) 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschrei-
bung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined 
below) occurs, the Issuer may, 
upon giving a notice of redemption 
in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time 
with effect on the Interest Payment 
Date specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d). If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 of 
§ 4(b), the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its Specified Denomination 
together with interest accrued to 
but 
excluding 
the 
specified 
redemption date on the specified 
redemption date. 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung 
darf nicht früher als 90 Tage vor 
dem Tag erfolgen, an dem die 
Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in 
§ 6(b) definiert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 6(b)). 
 
Ein “Gross-up-Ereignis” tritt ein, 
wenn die Emittentin als Folge 
einer Änderung, Ergänzung oder 
Klarstellung der Gesetze oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, die 
Steuern oder die Verpflichtung zur 
A “Gross up Event” will occur if 
as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the 
laws or other rules of the Federal 
Republic of Germany affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change

--- Page 134 ---
-125- 
 
Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher 
Art betreffen, oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der 
letzten 
Tranche 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen wirksam) 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet 
sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6(b) zu zahlen und diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann, die nach 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die 
Interessen der Anleihegläubiger zu 
berücksichtigen sind). 
in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of 
such 
laws 
or 
rules, 
which 
amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last tranche of the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 6(b), and 
this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of measures available to 
the Issuer which are, in the 
judgement of the Issuer, in each 
case taking into account the 
interests 
of 
Noteholders, 
reasonable. 
(c) 
[Keine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin] 
[Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer] [Early redemption at 
the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
§ 4(c) 
vorzeitig 
zurück-
zuzahlen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
zurückzuzahlen, 
außer 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, 
otherwise than provided in § 4(b). 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion 
pursuant 
to § 4(c), 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
am/an den 
Call-Rück-
zahlungs-
tag(en) 
vorzeitig 
[(i)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) mit Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
/ 
den 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(i)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
[(i)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If 
the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with 
sentence 1 of this § 4(c)[(i)], 
the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at its relevant Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
on the 
Call 
Redemp-
tion 
Date(s), 
the

--- Page 135 ---
-126- 
 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
betreffenden 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
specified Call Redemption 
Date on the specified Call 
Redemption Date. 
following 
applies: 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen]5 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]6 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
[Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
bei Eintritt 
eines 
transaktion
sbezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahl-
rückzahlun
gsbetrag 
[(ii)] Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
(insgesamt 
und nicht nur teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-
Mitteilung gemäß den nach-
stehend aufgeführten Bedin-
gungen und gemäß § 4(d) 
mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(ii)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
[(ii)] The Issuer may, upon giving 
a Transaction Trigger Notice 
in accordance with the 
requirements set out below 
and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for 
early redemption (in whole 
but not in part) with effect 
on 
the 
Trigger 
Call 
Redemption Date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 
1 of this § 4(c)[(ii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each 
Note to be redeemed at the 
Transaction 
Trigger 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
upon 
occur-
rence of a 
transac-
tion 
related 
event, the 
following 
applies: 
                                                     
5 
jeder Call-Rückzahlungstag muss auf einen Zinszahlungstag fallen  
6 
each Call Redemption Date to fall on an Interest Payment Date

--- Page 136 ---
-127- 
 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
verpflichtet, jede zurück-
zuzahlende 
Schuldver-
schreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
ihrem 
Transaktions-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption 
Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date. 
“Transaktion” bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten Transaktion für 
deren 
Finanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben werden].  
“Transaction” 
means 
[insert 
description 
of 
envisaged transaction for 
which 
the 
Notes 
are 
intended to be issued for 
refinancing purposes]. 
 
“Transaktionskündigungs
frist” 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen] bis 
zum 
[Datum 
Ende 
des 
Zeitraums einfügen]. 
“Transaction 
Notice 
Period” means the period 
from [insert issue date of the 
Notes] to [insert end of 
period date]. 
 
“Transaktions-Mitteilung” 
bezeichnet eine Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) und § 12 innerhalb 
der 
Transak-
tionskündigungsfrist, 
dass 
die Transaktion vor ihrem 
Abschluss 
abgebrochen 
wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht 
durchgeführt wird oder dass 
die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht 
länger 
beabsichtigt, 
die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen. 
Die Transaktions-Mitteilung 
hat ferner den Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
bezeichnen.  
“Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice” means a notice to 
the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and 
§ 12 within the Transaction 
Notice 
Period 
that 
the 
Transaction 
has 
been 
aborted 
prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be 
settled 
for 
any 
reason 
whatsoever or that the Issuer 
has publicly stated that it no 
longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice 
shall also specify the Trigger 
Redemption Date.  
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Emittentin kann auf ihr 
Recht 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten 
Ereignisse 
durch 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer may at any time 
waive its right to call the 
Notes 
for 
redemption 
following the occurrence of 
one of the events detailed

--- Page 137 ---
-128- 
 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ 12 verzichten. 
above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § 12. 
“Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag” 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
ist 
gleich 
[●] % 
der 
Festgelegten Stückelung.  
“Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount” per Note means 
[●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
“Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag” 
be-
zeichnet 
den 
in 
der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag, der auf 
den 
Ablauf 
der 
Transaktionskündigungsfris
t unmittelbar nachfolgt. 
“Trigger Call Redemption 
Date” means the Interest 
Payment Date immediately 
following the end of the 
Transaction Notice Period, 
specified in the Transaction 
Trigger Notice. 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger 
ebenfalls 
ein Recht 
haben, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen 
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Recht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits der Anleihegläubiger 
in Ausübung seines Rechts 
gemäß 
[§ 4(e)] 
[[oder] 
[§ 4(g)]] verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its 
option 
to 
require 
the 
redemption of such Note in 
accordance with [§ 4(e)] 
[[or] [§ 4(g)]]. 
If Notes 
are also 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen wegen 
eines gerin-
gen 
ausstehen-
den 
Nennbetrag
s vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
Folgendes: 
[(iii)] Sofern 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen auf 20 % oder 
weniger 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen der 
Serie, 
die 
ursprünglich 
ausgegeben wurden, fällt, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt und nicht nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit 
Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) festgelegten 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
[(iii)] If at any time the aggregate 
principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding is equal 
to or less than 20 per cent. of 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of the Notes of the 
Series originally issued, the 
Issuer may, upon giving a 
notice of redemption in 
accordance with § 4(d), call 
the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption (in whole but 
not in part) at any time with 
effect on the next Interest 
Payment Date specified in 
the notice in accordance 
with § 4(d). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 
of this § 4(c)[(iii)], the 
Issuer shall redeem each 
Note 
at 
its 
Specified 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the Issuer 
for a 
minimal 
out-
standing 
principal 
amount, 
the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 138 ---
-129- 
 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 dieses § 4(c)[(iii)] 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldver-
schreibung 
an 
dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Denomination together with 
interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
specified 
redemption date on the 
specified redemption date. 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die 
Emittentin hat die Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß 
§ 4(b) 
oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 12 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen zu erklären. Die 
Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, und 
in ihr wird bestimmt: 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the 
Notes 
for 
early 
redemption 
pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing 
a 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12 subject to observing a notice 
period of not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
– 
genaue Bezeichnung der zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the 
Series of Notes subject to 
redemption, including the 
securities codes; 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; 
[und] 
– 
the applicable date of early 
redemption; [and] 
 
– 
der 
betreffende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu 
dem die Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
– 
the applicable redemption 
amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed early. 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
umgehend Mitteilung über die 
Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required 
by such stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed at the initiative 
of the Issuer, such stock exchange 
as soon as possible of such 
redemption.

--- Page 139 ---
-130- 
 
(e) 
[Keine 
vorzeitige] 
[Vorzeitige] 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
des 
Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at 
the option of a Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger kein 
Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in 
Fällen 
des 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: § 4(g) oder des] § 8 
zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, 
von der Emittentin eine vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to put the Notes for 
redemption 
otherwise 
than 
provided in [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption as a 
result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 
at any time. 
If Notes 
are not 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleiheglä
ubiger ein 
Recht 
haben, die 
vorzeitige 
Rück-
zahlung der 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen zu 
verlangen, 
gilt Folgen-
des: 
(i) 
Die Emittentin hat nach 
Wahl des Anleihegläubigers 
einzelne oder sämtliche von 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldver-
schreibungen am / an den 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Noteholder, 
redeem, 
on 
the 
Put 
Redemption Date(s), all or 
some only of the Notes held 
by the Noteholder at the 
relevant Put Redemption 
Amount 
together 
with 
interest accrued 
to 
but 
excluding the specified Put 
Redemption Date. 
If Notes 
are 
subject to 
early 
redemp-
tion at 
the 
option of 
the 
Notehold-
ers, the 
following 
applies: 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das 
Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung zu verlangen, nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldver-
schreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
die 
Emittentin 
zuvor gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
 
The Noteholder may not exercise 
the option for early redemption in 
respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the 
Issuer of its right to redeem such 
Note in accordance with § 4.

--- Page 140 ---
-131- 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, 
hat der Anleihegläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor 
dem Put-Rückzahlungstag, 
an dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle während der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte Erklärung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(“Ausübungserklärung”), 
wie sie von der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, zu hinterlegen. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen, für die das 
Recht ausgeübt wird, (ii) 
den 
Put-Rückzahlungstag 
und 
(iii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen die-
ser Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Recht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung der Schuldver-
schreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder an deren 
Order. Die Ausübung des 
Rechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days before the 
Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be 
made as specified in the Put Notice 
(as defined below), submit during 
normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
a duly completed early redemption 
notice (“Put Notice”) in the form 
available from the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. The Put Notice 
must specify (i) the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised, (ii) the Put Redemption 
Date 
and 
(iii) the 
securities 
identification numbers of such 
Notes. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order. 
No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn. 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
Die Emittentin oder jede ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit vorbehaltlich zwingender 
gesetzlicher Regelungen Schuld-
verschreibungen auf dem freien 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis erwerben. 
Derartig erworbene Schuldver-
schreibungen können eingezogen, 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
may at any time and subject to 
mandatory 
provisions 
of 
law 
purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, 
held or resold.

--- Page 141 ---
-132- 
 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert 
werden. 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen im Fall 
eines Kon-
trollwechse
ls vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early 
Redemp-
tion as a 
result of 
a Change 
of 
Control 
the 
following 
applies: 
Wenn nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt, dann ist 
jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
aber nicht verpflichtet, von der 
Emittentin die Rückzahlung oder, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin, den 
Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung 
eines Ankaufs) einzelner oder 
sämtlicher 
von 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb 
von 
60 
Tagen 
nach 
der 
Gläubigerwahl-
Ausübungserklärung zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) (das 
“Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht”) 
zu 
verlangen. 
Dieses 
Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie 
unter 
den 
nachstehenden 
Unterabsätzen 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
If a Change of Control occurs after 
the issue date of the Notes, each 
Noteholder shall have the right, but 
not the obligation, to require the 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's 
option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all or some only of the 
Notes held by the Noteholder, 
within 60 days from the Put Event 
Notice, at the Put Redemption 
Amount (the “Put Option”). Such 
Put Option shall operate as set out 
under the subparagraphs below.  
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Ein “Kontrollwechsel” gilt jedes 
Mal als eingetreten (unabhängig 
davon, ob der Vorstand oder der 
Aufsichtsrat 
der 
Emittentin 
zugestimmt haben), wenn eine 
oder 
mehrere 
Personen, 
die 
gemeinsam 
handeln, 
(die 
“relevante(n) Person(en)”) oder 
ein oder mehrere Dritte, die im 
Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) 
handeln, 
zu 
irgendeiner 
Zeit 
unmittelbar oder mittelbar (i) mehr 
als 
50 % 
des 
ausstehenden 
Grundkapitals der Emittentin oder 
(ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien 
der Emittentin, auf die mehr als 
50 % der Stimmrechte entfallen, 
erwirbt bzw. erwerben oder hält 
bzw. halten. 
A “Change of Control” shall be 
deemed to have occurred at each 
time (whether or not approved by 
the 
management 
board 
or 
supervisory board of the Issuer) 
that any person or persons acting in 
concert (“Relevant Person(s)”) or 
any person or persons acting on 
behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to 
own (i) more than 50 per cent. of 
the issued ordinary share capital of 
the Issuer or (ii) such number of 
the shares in the capital of the 
Issuer carrying more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights. 
 
Der “Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)” bezeichnet für jede Schuld-
verschreibung 
101 % 
des 
“Put 
Redemption 
Amount” 
means for each Note 101 per cent. 
of the principal amount of such

--- Page 142 ---
-133- 
 
Nennbetrags einer solchen Schuld-
verschreibung 
zuzüglich 
nicht 
gezahlter 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen. 
Note, plus unpaid interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
Tritt nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die 
Emittentin 
dies 
unverzüglich, 
nachdem die Emittentin davon 
Kenntnis 
erlangt 
hat, 
den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 12 mit 
(eine 
“Gläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsereignis-
Mitteilung”) und gibt dabei die 
Art des Kontrollwechsels und das 
in diesem § 4(g) vorgesehene 
Verfahren 
zur Ausübung 
des 
Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit 
Angaben zum Clearingsystem-
Konto der Emissionsstelle für die 
Zwecke 
des 
folgenden 
Unterabsatzes 
(ii)(x) 
dieses 
§ 4(g)). 
If a Change of Control occurs after 
the issue date of the Notes, then the 
Issuer shall, without undue delay, 
after the Issuer becoming aware 
thereof, give notice of the Change 
of Control (a “Put Event Notice”) 
to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 12 specifying the nature of 
the Change of Control and the 
procedure for exercising the Put 
Option contained in this § 4(g) 
(including the information on the 
Clearing System account of the 
Fiscal Agent for purposes of the 
following subparagraph (ii)(x) of 
this § 4(g). 
 
Zur Ausübung des Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
an 
einem 
Geschäftstag innerhalb von 60 
Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Gläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung 
bekannt 
gegeben 
wurde 
(der 
“Ausübungszeitraum”) (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form 
einreichen 
(die 
“Gläubiger-
Ausübungserklärung”) 
und 
(ii) Schuld-verschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Anleihegläubiger sein Gläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben 
möchte, und zwar entweder durch 
(x) Übertragung dieser Schuldver-
schreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
To exercise the Put Option, the 
Noteholder must deliver on any 
Business Day within 60 days after 
a Put Event Notice has been 
published (the “Put Period”) (i) to 
the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the 
Fiscal Agent (a “Put Notice”) and 
(ii) the 
aggregate 
Specified 
Denomination of Notes for which 
the Noteholder wishes to exercise 
its 
Put 
Option 
by 
either 
(x) transferring such Notes to the 
Clearing System account of the 
Fiscal Agent or (y) giving an 
irrevocable instruction to the Fiscal 
Agent to withdraw such Notes 
from a securities account of the 
Noteholder with the Fiscal Agent. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its 
option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) the relevant Note(s) 
on the date seven days after the 
expiration of the Put Period (the 
“Put Date”) unless previously 
redeemed 
or 
purchased 
and

--- Page 143 ---
-134- 
 
Emissionsstelle oder (y) Abgabe 
einer unwiderruflichen Anweisung 
an die Emissionsstelle, die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
aus 
einem 
Wertpapierdepot 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle auszubuchen. Die 
Emittentin wird die betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) 
sieben 
Tage 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Ausübungszeitraums (der “Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Put)”) 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl 
ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), 
soweit sie nicht bereits vorher 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte Schuldverschreibun-
gen erfolgt gemäß den üblichen 
Verfahren 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Gläubiger-
Ausübungserklärung 
ist 
unwiderruflich. 
cancelled. Payment in respect of 
any Note so delivered will be made 
in accordance with the customary 
procedures through the Clearing 
System. A Put Notice, once given, 
shall be irrevocable. 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital 
und Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
erfolgt 
an 
die 
Zahlstelle zur Weiterleitung an das 
Clearingsystem oder gemäß dessen 
Weisung zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt nach ordnungsgemäßem 
Nachweis gemäß § 1(c). 
(a) 
Payments 
of 
Principal 
and 
Interest.  Payment of principal and 
interest on the Notes shall be made 
to the Paying Agent for forwarding 
to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System. Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(c). 
 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen werden in der 
Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
keine Kosten oder Gebühren in 
Bezug 
auf 
diese 
Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen 
stehen 
unter 
dem 
Vorbehalt 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of 
any amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All 
payments will be subject to all 
applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives 
and 
regulations 
or

--- Page 144 ---
-135- 
 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien 
und 
Verordnungen oder Verträge denen 
sich 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
unterworfen 
haben. 
Vorbehaltlich 
§ 6(b) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge als Ausgleich 
für irgendwelche Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die 
aufgrund solcher steuerlichen oder 
sonstigen 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien 
oder 
Verordnungen 
oder 
Verträge 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
agreements to which the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent 
agree to be subject. Without 
prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 6(b), the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders 
any 
additional 
amounts 
as 
compensation for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such fiscal and other 
laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
(c) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder gemäß dessen 
Weisung von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
(d) 
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag 
einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann wird 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Zahltag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Zahltag 
vorgezogen. 
Der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund einer 
solchen etwaigen Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
(d) 
Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day, then the 
due date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Payment 
Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date 
shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment 
Business Day. The Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet 
“Zahltag” jeden Geschäftstag. 
For these purposes, “Payment 
Business Day” means a day which 
is a Business Day. 
 
(e) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und 
Zinsen.  Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: [Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[,] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put)] 
[,] gegebenenfalls gemäß § 6(b) 
zahlbare Zusätzliche Beträge und 
(e) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest.  References 
in 
these 
Terms and Conditions to principal 
in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
the [Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount] [,] [the Put Redemption 
Amount] [,] Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 6(b) 
and any other premium and any

--- Page 145 ---
-136- 
 
alle Aufschläge oder sonstigen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
damit 
gegebenenfalls zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gegebenenfalls gemäß 
§ 6(b) 
zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträge ein. 
other amounts which may be 
payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts which 
may be payable under § 6(b). 
(f) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und 
Zinsen.  Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach 
dem Endfälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die 
Anleihegläubiger sich nicht in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Anleihegläubiger 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin. 
(f) 
Deposit 
of 
Principal 
and 
Interest.  The Issuer may deposit 
with the local court (Amtsgericht) 
of Frankfurt am Main principal or 
interest 
not 
claimed 
by 
Noteholders within twelve months 
after the Maturity Date, even 
though such Noteholders may not 
be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective 
claims 
of 
such 
Noteholders against the Issuer 
shall cease. 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von Steuern.  Sämtliche auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, 
Festsetzungen 
oder 
behördlicher Gebühren jedweder 
Art geleistet (“Steuern”), die von 
dem Staat, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder 
zur 
Erhebung 
von 
Steuern 
berechtigten 
Behörden 
oder 
sonstigen 
Stellen 
auferlegt, 
erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten 
oder festgesetzt werden, sofern 
nicht die Emittentin kraft Gesetzes 
oder 
einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist. 
(a) 
Payments 
free 
of 
Taxes.  All 
amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Notes will be paid free and clear of, 
and 
without 
withholding 
or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments 
or 
governmental 
charges 
of 
whatever 
nature 
(“Taxes”) 
imposed, 
levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Issuer's country of domicile for 
tax purposes or any political 
subdivision or any authority or any 
other agency of or in the Issuer's 
country 
of 
domicile 
for 
tax 
purposes that has power to tax, 
unless the Issuer is compelled by 
law to make such withholding or 
deduction.

--- Page 146 ---
-137- 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlung 
zusätzlicher 
Beträge. 
Sofern die Emittentin zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
zusätzliche 
Beträge 
(die 
“Zusätzlichen Beträge”) an die 
Anleihegläubiger zahlen, so dass 
die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, 
die 
sie 
ohne 
den 
betreffenden Einbehalt oder Abzug 
erhalten 
hätten. 
Solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch 
nicht 
zahlbar 
wegen 
solcher 
Steuern in Bezug auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
(b) 
Payment of Additional Amounts.  If 
the Issuer is required to make such 
withholding or deduction, the 
Issuer will pay such additional 
amounts 
(the 
“Additional 
Amounts”) to the Noteholders as 
the 
Noteholders 
would 
have 
received if no such withholding or 
deduction 
had 
been 
required, 
except that no such Additional 
Amounts will be payable for any 
such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
(i) 
die 
anders 
als 
durch 
Einbehalt oder Abzug in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zahlungen, 
welche die Emittentin an 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
leistet, zu entrichten sind; 
oder 
(i) 
which are payable otherwise 
than by withholding or 
deduction from payments, 
made by the Issuer to the 
Noteholder; or 
 
(ii) 
die von einer als Depotbank 
(wie in § 14(c) definiert) 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person 
oder 
sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, 
dass die Emittentin aus den 
von 
ihr 
zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder 
Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(ii) 
which are payable by any 
person acting as Custodian 
(as defined in § 14(c)) or 
collecting agent on behalf of 
a Noteholder, or otherwise 
in any manner which does 
not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer 
from payments of principal 
or interest made by it; or 
 
(iii) 
die wegen einer bestehenden 
oder früheren persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers 
zur 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land, zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Quellen 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder  
(iii) 
which are payable by reason 
of the relevant Noteholder 
having, or having had some 
personal or business relation 
to the Federal Republic of 
Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or 
are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany; or

--- Page 147 ---
-138- 
 
(iv) 
die durch eine Zahlstelle 
von 
der 
Zahlung 
einzubehalten 
oder 
abzuziehen sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle 
ohne 
einen 
solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
(iv) 
which 
are 
withheld 
or 
deducted by a paying agent 
from a payment if the 
payment could have been 
made by another paying 
agent 
without 
such 
withholding or deduction; or 
 
(v) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Ab-
kommens 
oder 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Ver-
ständigung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutsch-
land oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, 
die 
diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, 
Vereinbarung oder dieses 
Abkommen umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(v) 
which are to be withheld or 
deducted pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive 
or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest 
income, 
or 
(ii) 
any 
international 
treaty, 
agreement or understanding 
relating to such taxation and 
to 
which 
the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany or the 
European Union is a party, 
or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying 
with, 
or 
introduced 
to 
conform 
with, 
such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding; or 
 
(vi) 
die nicht erhoben oder 
einbehalten oder abgezogen 
worden wären, wenn es der 
Anleihegläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
(für 
die 
vorliegenden 
Zwecke 
einschließlich 
Finanzinstitute, über die der 
Gläubiger oder wirtschaftli-
che 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält 
oder über die Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen) nicht unterlassen 
hätte, nach einer an den 
Gläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung 
der 
Emittentin, 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
oder 
in 
deren 
Namen 
(die 
so 
(vi) 
which would not have been 
imposed, 
withheld 
or 
deducted but for the failure 
of 
the 
Noteholder 
or 
beneficial owner of Notes 
(including, 
for 
these 
purposes, 
any 
financial 
institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner holds the Notes or 
through which payment on 
the 
Notes 
is 
made), 
following a written request 
by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent 
addressed to the Noteholder 
or beneficial owner (and 
made at a time that would 
enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial 
owner 
acting 
reasonably to comply with 
that request, and in all 
events, at least 30 days

--- Page 148 ---
-139- 
 
rechtzeitig erfolgt, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
dieser 
Aufforderung 
mit 
zumutbaren Anstrengungen 
nachkommen 
kann, 
in 
jedem Fall aber mindestens 
30 Tage, 
bevor 
ein 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
erforderlich wäre), einer 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Abkommen, Verordnungen 
oder der Verwaltungspraxis 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland vorgeschriebe-
nen Bescheinigungs-, Iden-
tifizierungs-, Informations-, 
oder sonstigen Nachweis-
pflicht nachzukommen, die 
Voraussetzung 
für 
eine 
Befreiung von in der Bun-
desrepublik 
Deutschland 
erhobenen Steuern oder für 
eine Reduzierung der Höhe 
des Einbehalts oder Abzugs 
solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine 
Bescheinigung, 
dass 
der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
nicht in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ansässig ist), 
jedoch jeweils nur, soweit 
der Anleihegläubiger bzw. 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
rechtlich 
berechtigt 
ist, 
die 
Bescheinigung, Information 
oder 
Dokumentation 
vorzulegen; oder 
before any withholding or 
deduction 
would 
be 
required), to comply with 
any 
certification, 
identification, information 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirement 
whether 
required by statute, treaty, 
regulation or administrative 
practice of the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany that is 
a precondition to exemption 
from, or reduction in the rate 
of withholding or deduction 
of, taxes imposed by Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
(including, 
without 
limitation, a certification 
that 
the 
Noteholder 
or 
beneficial owner is not 
resident 
in the 
Federal 
Republic of Germany), but 
in each case, only to the 
extent the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner is legally 
entitled to provide such 
certification, information or 
documentation; or 
(vii) die 
abzuführen 
sind 
in 
Bezug auf Zahlungen, bei 
denen der Einbehalt oder 
Abzug vorzunehmen ist, 
weil der Anleihegläubiger 
eine Bank ist, die die 
Schuldverschreibungen im 
ordentlichen Geschäftsgang 
ihres 
Kreditgeschäfts 
erwirbt; oder. 
(vii) which are payable with 
respect to payments where 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction 
is 
imposed 
because the Noteholder is a 
bank purchasing the Notes 
in the ordinary course of its 
lending business; or 
 
(viii) die 
Grundsteuern, 
Erbschaftsteuern, 
Schen-
kungsteuern, 
Umsatzsteu-
ern, Verbrauchsteuern, Ver-
(viii) which 
are 
estate, 
inheritance, 
gift, 
sales, 
excise, transfer, personal 
property or similar taxes; or

--- Page 149 ---
-140- 
 
kehrsteuern, Vermögensteu-
ern oder ähnliche Steuern 
darstellen; oder 
(ix) 
die 
aufgrund 
einer 
Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 
Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, 
wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ 12 wirksam wird; oder 
(ix) 
which are payable by reason 
of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant 
payment becomes due, or is 
duly provided for and notice 
thereof is 
published 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 12, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(x) 
die 
aufgrund 
jeglicher 
Kombination der Absätze (i) 
bis (viii) zu entrichten sind. 
(x) 
which are payable due to 
any combination of items (i) 
to (viii), 
 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen 
Beträge im Hinblick auf Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen an 
einen 
Anleihegläubiger 
gezahlt, 
welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder 
oder Personengesellschaft oder als 
sonstiger 
nicht 
alleiniger 
wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer 
der 
Zahlung erhält, soweit nach den 
Gesetzen 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des 
Begünstigten bzw. Gründers eines 
Treuhandvermögens 
oder 
eines 
Gesellschafters 
der 
Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet 
würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen 
berechtigt gewesen wäre, wenn der 
Begünstigte, 
Gründer 
eines 
Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter 
oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
selbst 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts 
be paid with respect to any payment 
on a Note to a Noteholder who is a 
fiduciary or partnership or who is 
other than the sole beneficial owner 
of such payment to the extent such 
payment would be required by the 
laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany of domicile for tax 
purposes to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner 
who would not have been entitled to 
such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial 
owner 
been 
the 
Noteholder of the Note. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, 
dass die in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen geltenden Steuerrecht auf 
der Ebene der Depotbank (oder 
sonstigen 
auszahlenden 
Stelle 
(einschließlich 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zahlstelle)) 
erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the 
withholding tax levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of 
the Custodian (or other paying 
institution (including the relevant 
Paying 
Agent)) 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) 
plus 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed 
thereon as well as church tax

--- Page 150 ---
-141- 
 
darauf 
anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags 
sowie 
Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche 
im Wege des Steuerabzugs erhoben 
wird, keine Steuern oder Abgaben 
der vorstehend beschriebenen Art 
darstellen, für die von der Emittentin 
Zusätzliche 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen 
wären. 
(Kirchensteuer), where such tax is 
levied by way of withholding, 
pursuant to tax law as in effect as of 
the date of issue of the Notes do not 
constitute a tax or duty as described 
above 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
Additional Amounts would be 
payable by the Issuer. 
(c) 
FATCA.  Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
keinesfalls 
verpflichtet, 
Zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf 
einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß 
Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (in der 
jeweils geltenden Fassung oder 
gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung 
in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder 
gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue 
Service geschlossenen Verträgen 
von der Emittentin, der jeweiligen 
Zahlstelle oder einem anderen 
Beteiligten 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wurden (“FATCA-
Steuerabzug”) oder Anleger in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
FATCA-
Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
(c) 
FATCA.  In any event, the Issuer 
will have no obligation to pay 
Additional amounts deducted or 
withheld by the Issuer, the relevant 
Paying Agent or any other party 
(“FATCA 
Withholding”) 
in 
relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to 
any inter-governmental agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, 
or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
or indemnify any investor in 
relation 
to 
any 
FATCA 
Withholding. 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die 
Vorlegungsfrist 
gemäß 
§ 801 
Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The 
period 
for 
presentation of Notes due, as 
established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of 
the 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), 
is 
reduced to ten years. 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist für innerhalb der 
Vorlegungsfrist 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen 
beträgt zwei Jahre von dem Ende 
der betreffenden Vorlegungsfrist 
an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The 
period 
for 
prescription for Notes presented 
for 
payment 
during 
the 
presentation period shall be two 
years beginning at the end of the 
relevant presentation period. 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default

--- Page 151 ---
-142- 
 
(a) 
Bei Eintritt und Fortdauer eines der 
nachstehenden Ereignisse (jeweils 
ein “Kündigungsgrund”) ist ein 
Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 8(b) 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle (vorbehaltlich des 
nachfolgenden 
§ 8(d)) 
zur 
sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen, woraufhin seine Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ohne 
weitere 
Handlungen 
oder 
Formalitäten 
sofort 
zu 
ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs 
(each an “Event of Default”) and 
is continuing, then any Note may, 
by 
submitting 
a 
Termination 
Notice pursuant to § 8(b) to the 
Fiscal Agent (and subject to § 8(d) 
below), be declared due and 
payable, whereupon such Note will 
become immediately due and 
payable 
at 
its 
Specified 
Denomination 
together 
with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the date of actual redemption 
without further action or formality: 
 
(i) 
Nichtzahlung.  Die 
Emittentin zahlt auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige 
Kapital- 
oder 
Zinsbeträge oder sonstige 
Beträge nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(i) 
Non-payment.  The 
Issuer 
fails 
to 
pay 
principal, 
interest 
or 
any 
other 
amounts due under the 
Notes within 30 days from 
the relevant due date; or 
 
(ii) 
Nichterfüllung 
sonstiger 
wesentlicher 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
erfüllt 
eine 
andere 
wesentliche 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht und die Nichterfüllung 
dauert – sofern sie geheilt 
werden kann – jeweils 
länger als 90 Tage fort, 
nachdem 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
schriftliche Aufforderung in 
der in § 8(b) vorgesehenen 
Art und Weise von einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten 
hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
(ii) 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The 
Issuer fails to duly perform 
any 
other 
material 
obligation arising from the 
Notes and such failure, if 
capable 
of 
remedy, 
continues unremedied for 
more than 90 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received a 
written request thereof in the 
manner set forth in § 8(b) 
from 
a 
Noteholder 
to 
perform such obligation; or 
 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Eine 
nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende 
Finanzverbindlichkeit (wie 
in § 9(d) definiert) der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Financial Indebtedness (as 
defined in § 9(d)) of the 
Issuer 
or 
any 
Material 
Subsidiary (as defined in 
§ 2(d)) (other than under the 
Notes) becomes due and

--- Page 152 ---
-143- 
 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie in 
§ 2(d) 
definiert) 
wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds 
(unabhängig 
von 
dessen 
Bezeichnung) 
vor 
ihrer 
festgelegten Fälligkeit fällig 
und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
Fälligstellung 
oder 
auf 
andere Weise), wobei der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens 1 % der Summe 
Aktiva 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehendenden 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem 
Konzernabschlüsse 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden sind, beträgt. Zur 
Klarstellung 
wird 
festgehalten, 
dass 
dieser 
§ 8(a)(iii) keine Anwendung 
findet, wenn die Emittentin 
oder 
die 
jeweilige 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
nach 
Treu und Glauben bestreitet, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht, fällig ist oder die 
Anforderungen 
für 
die 
vorzeitige 
Fälligstellung 
erfüllt sind; oder 
payable prior to its specified 
maturity 
(whether 
by 
declaration, 
automatic 
acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of 
default 
(howsoever 
described), provided that the 
aggregate 
amount 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
amounts to at least 1 per 
cent. of the Total Assets as 
of 
the 
immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published. 
For the avoidance of doubt, 
this § 8(a)(iii) shall not 
apply, where the Issuer or 
the 
relevant 
Material 
Subsidiary contests in good 
faith that such payment 
obligation exists, is due or 
the requirements for the 
acceleration are satisfied; or 
(iv) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
(A) 
die Emittentin gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt 
ihre 
Zahlungen 
generell ein; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer announces 
its inability to meet its 
financial obligations 
or ceases its payments 
generally; or 
 
(B) 
gegen die Emittentin 
wird 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Tagen 
aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
beantragt oder leitet 
(B) 
insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer 
are 
instituted and have 
not been discharged 
or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer 
applies 
for 
or 
institutes 
such 
proceedings; or

--- Page 153 ---
-144- 
 
ein solches Verfahren 
ein, oder 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in 
Liquidation, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung oder 
einer anderen Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft und die 
andere 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die 
die 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschrei-
bungen eingegangen 
ist. 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into 
liquidation unless this 
is done in connection 
with a merger or other 
form of combination 
with 
another 
company and such 
company assumes all 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer in connection 
with the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Kündigungserklärungen.  Eine 
Erklärung eines Anleihegläubigers 
(i) gemäß § 8(a)(ii) oder (ii) zur 
Kündigung 
seiner 
Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß diesem § 8 
(eine 
“Kündigungserklärung”) 
hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
entsprechende 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
Erklärung 
in 
Textform 
in 
deutscher 
oder 
englischer Sprache übergibt oder 
übermittelt und dabei durch eine 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Kündigungserklärung hält.  
(b) 
Termination Notices.  Any notice 
by a Noteholder (i) in accordance 
with § 8(a)(ii) or (ii) to terminate 
its Notes in accordance with this 
§ 8 (a “Termination Notice”) shall 
be made by means of a declaration 
in writing or in text form to the 
Fiscal Agent in the German or 
English language together with 
evidence by means of a certificate 
of the Noteholder's Custodian that 
such Noteholder, at the time of 
such termination notice, is a holder 
of the relevant Notes. 
 
(c) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen gemäß den 
§ 8(a)(ii) und (iii) wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Anleihegläubigern im Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
15 
% 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen eingegangen sind. 
(c) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in 
§ 8(a)(ii) and (iii), any notice 
declaring Notes due shall become 
effective only when the Fiscal 
Agent has received such default 
notices from the Noteholders 
representing at least 15 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 154 ---
-145- 
 
(d) 
Heilung.  Zur Klarstellung wird 
festgehalten, dass das Recht zur 
Kündigung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen gemäß diesem § 8 erlischt, 
falls der Kündigungsgrund vor 
Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
worden ist; es ist zulässig, den 
Kündigungsgrund 
gemäß 
§ 8(a)(iii) durch Rückzahlung der 
maßgeblichen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten in voller 
Höhe zu heilen. Vorbehaltlich 
anwendbarer 
zwingender 
Rechtsvorschriften 
berechtigen 
andere als die in § 8(a) genannten 
Ereignisse oder Umstände die 
Anleihegläubiger nicht dazu, ihre 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zur Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen, 
es sei denn, dies ist ausdrücklich in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestimmt. 
(d) 
Cure.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the right to declare Notes due in 
accordance with this § 8 shall 
terminate if the situation giving 
rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised and it shall be 
permissible to cure the Event of 
Default pursuant to § 8(a)(iii) by 
repaying in full the relevant 
Financial Indebtedness. No event 
or circumstance other than an 
event specified in § 8(a) shall 
entitle Noteholders to declare their 
Notes due and payable prior to 
their stated maturity, save as 
expressly provided for in these 
Terms and Conditions and subject 
to applicable mandatory law. 
 
§ 9 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
§ 9 
Covenants 
 
(a) 
Beschränkungen für das Eingehen 
von Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
zur 
Refinanzierung 
bestehender 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten mit einem 
Gesamtnennbetrag, 
der 
dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
refinanzierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten entspricht 
oder 
diesen 
unterschreitet) 
einzugehen und sicherzustellen, 
dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten eingehen, 
wenn 
unmittelbar 
nach 
dem 
wirksamen 
Eingehen 
solcher 
weiterer Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Verwendung der damit erzielten 
Nettoerlöse): 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness. The Issuer 
undertakes that it will not, and will 
procure 
that 
none 
of 
its 
Subsidiaries will, after the issue 
date of the Notes, incur any 
Financial Indebtedness (except for 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
for 
refinancing 
existing 
Financial 
Indebtedness with an aggregate 
principal amount that is equal to or 
less than the aggregate principal 
amount of the refinanced Financial 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after 
giving effect to the incurrence of 
such 
additional 
Financial 
Indebtedness (taking into account 
the application of the net proceeds 
of such incurrence), 
 
(i) 
das 
Verhältnis 
der 
(i) 
Summe 
(x) 
der 
Konsolidierten 
(i) 
the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) 
the 
Consolidated 
Net 
Financial Indebtedness of

--- Page 155 ---
-146- 
 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeite
n 
der 
Gruppe 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, und (y) der 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeite
n, die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen wurden, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist, zu der (ii) 
Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
(x) der Summe Aktiva zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist, 
(y) 
der 
Kaufpreise 
für 
Immobilienvermögen (ohne 
Abzüge für übernommene 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten), 
das seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, erworben wurde 
oder für dessen Erwerb seit 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
eine 
Verpflichtung eingegangen 
wurde, und (z) des Erlöses 
aus 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen wurden, zu 
dem ein Konzernabschluss 
der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
worden ist (jedoch nur 
soweit dieser Erlös nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder 
zur 
Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet wurde) (dieses 
the 
Group 
as 
of 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (y) 
the 
Net 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since 
the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published to (ii) 
the 
sum 
of 
(without 
duplication) (x) the Total 
Assets as of the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase prices of 
any Real Estate Property 
(without 
deductions 
for 
assumed 
Financial 
Indebtedness) acquired or 
contracted for acquisition 
since 
the 
immediately 
preceding Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
incurred 
since 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of the Issuer 
have been published (but 
only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to 
acquire Real Estate Property 
or 
to 
reduce 
Financial 
Indebtedness) (such ratio, 
with respect to any date, the 
“Loan-to-Value Ratio” as 
of that date) would exceed 
60 per cent.; or

--- Page 156 ---
-147- 
 
Verhältnis in Bezug auf 
einen beliebigen Zeitpunkt 
der 
“Verschuldungsgrad 
(LTV)” 
zu 
dem 
entsprechenden Zeitpunkt) 
60 % überstiege; oder 
(ii) 
das 
Verhältnis 
des 
(i) 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Konsolidierten Bereinigten 
EBITDA in den letzten vier 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem 
Berichtsstichtag 
geendet 
haben, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, zu dem (ii) 
Gesamtbetrag 
des 
Zahlungswirksamen 
Zinsergebnisses 
in 
den 
letzten 
vier 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Quartalen, die vor dem 
Berichtsstichtag 
geendet 
haben, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden ist, geringer als 1,80 
zu 1,00 wäre ((i) und (ii) 
jeweils durch die Emittentin 
(nach eigenem vernünftigen 
Ermessen) auf einer pro 
forma Grundlage ermittelt 
(einschließlich einer daraus 
resultierenden pro forma 
Verwendung 
der 
Nettoerlöse), als wären die 
zusätzlichen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten zu 
Beginn dieses Vier-Quartal-
Zeitraums 
eingegangen 
worden). 
(ii) 
the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
amount 
of 
Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA in the 
respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
to (ii) the aggregate amount 
of Net Cash Interest in the 
respective most recent four 
consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the Reporting Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the 
Issuer have been published 
would be less than 1.80 to 
1.00 (each of (i) and (ii) 
determined by the Issuer (in 
its reasonable judgment) on 
a pro forma basis (including 
a pro forma application of 
the net proceeds therefrom), 
as if the additional Financial 
Indebtedness 
had 
been 
incurred at the beginning of 
such four quarter period). 
 
(c) 
Berichte. 
Solange 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht die Emittentin die 
folgenden Angaben 
auf 
ihrer 
Internetseite: 
(c) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes 
are outstanding, the Issuer shall 
post on its website, 
 
(i) 
Innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Geschäftsjahrs 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
Geschäftsbericht mit einem 
geprüften Konzernabschluss 
(i) 
within 120 days after the end 
of each of the Issuer's fiscal 
years, 
annual 
reports 
containing 
the 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in accordance

--- Page 157 ---
-148- 
 
nach 
den 
in 
der 
EU 
anwendbaren International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einem 
Lagebericht nach § 315 
HGB; und 
with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU and the management 
report in accordance with 
section 315 of the German 
Commercial 
Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch); and 
(ii) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach 
dem Ende jedes der ersten 
drei 
Quartale 
jedes 
Geschäftsjahrs 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
ungeprüften 
verkürzten 
Konzern-
Zwischenabschluss 
nach 
den in der EU anwendbaren 
IFRS 
bzw. 
eine 
Quartalsmitteilung 
entsprechend 
den 
Anforderungen 
der 
Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse. 
(ii) 
within 60 days after the end 
of each of the first three 
fiscal quarters in each fiscal 
year of the Issuer, unaudited 
condensed 
consolidated 
quarterly 
financial 
statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the 
EU or a quarterly statement 
in accordance with the 
requirements 
of 
the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
 
(d) 
Definitionen. 
(d) 
Definitions. 
 
“Berichtsstichtag” ist der 31. 
März, 30. Juni, 30. September und 
31. Dezember eines jeden Jahres. 
“Reporting Date” means 31 
March, 30 June, 30 September and 
31 December of each year. 
 
“Eingehen” bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder eine sonstige Verbindlichkeit 
einer Person die Begründung, die 
Übernahme, 
Abgabe 
einer 
Garantie oder Bürgschaft dafür 
oder eine anderweitige Übernahme 
der 
Haftung 
für 
diese 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
sonstige 
Verbindlichkeit; 
das 
“Eingehen” bzw. “eingegangen” 
sind 
entsprechend 
auszulegen, 
wobei 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
erst zu der Zeit "eingegangen" 
sind, wenn sie ausgezahlt werden, 
und 
auf 
Treuhandkonten 
eingezahlte Beträge erst dann als 
"eingegangen" gelten, wenn die 
Erlöse von dem Treuhandkonto 
freigegeben werden. 
“Incur” means, with respect to any 
Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation of any Person, to create, 
assume, guarantee or otherwise 
become liable in respect of such 
Financial Indebtedness or other 
obligation, and “incurrence” and 
“incurred” have the meanings 
correlative 
to 
the 
foregoing 
whereby Financial Indebtedness 
shall only be incurred at the time 
any funds are disbursed and 
amounts drawn and deposited into 
an escrow account shall not be 
deemed "incurred" until such 
proceeds are withdrawn from such 
escrow account. 
 
“Finanzverbindlichkeiten” 
bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) 
alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen 
solche 
gegenüber 
anderen 
Mitgliedern der Gruppe) aus: 
“Financial Indebtedness” means 
(without 
duplication) 
any 
indebtedness 
(excluding 
any 
indebtedness owed to another 
member of the Group) for or in 
respect of:

--- Page 158 ---
-149- 
 
(i) 
aufgenommenen Geldern; 
(i) 
money borrowed; 
 
(ii) 
allen 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkrediten oder eines 
dematerialisierten 
Äquivalents 
aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by 
acceptance 
under 
any 
acceptance credit facility or 
a dematerialized equivalent; 
 
(iii) 
allen 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Fazilitäten 
zum 
Kauf 
kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel 
oder aus der Begebung von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschrei-
bungen, Commercial Paper 
oder 
vergleichbaren 
Instrumenten 
aufgenommenen Beträgen; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised pursuant 
to any note purchase facility 
or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers or any 
similar instrument; 
 
(iv) 
veräußerten 
oder 
diskontierten Forderungen 
(außer 
bei 
einem 
Forderungsverkauf 
ohne 
Rückgriffsrecht); 
(iv) 
receivables 
sold 
or 
discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend 
they are sold on a non-
recourse basis); 
 
(v) 
der Aufnahme von Beträgen 
im 
Rahmen 
anderer 
Rechtsgeschäfte 
(einschließlich 
Termingeschäften), die die 
wirtschaftliche 
Wirkung 
einer 
Kreditaufnahme 
haben, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-
Fazilitäten, 
die 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
von 
Finanzinstituten 
gewährt 
werden 
oder 
gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren 
Rahmen die Emittentin bzw. 
die 
jeweilige 
Tochtergesellschaft 
die 
Ausstellung 
einer 
oder 
mehrerer 
Bankgarantien 
zugunsten 
einer 
Person 
verlangen kann, die sich 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen 
von 
der Emittentin oder einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
verpflichtet hat; 
(v) 
any amounts raised under 
any 
other 
transaction 
(including any forward sale 
or 
purchase 
agreement) 
having 
the 
commercial 
effect of a borrowing, but 
excluding bank guarantee 
facilities made or to be made 
available 
by 
financial 
institutions to the Issuer or a 
Subsidiary under which the 
Issuer or the respective 
Subsidiary may request the 
issue of a bank guarantee or 
bank guarantees in favour of 
a person who agrees to 
purchase a Real Estate 
Property owned by the 
Issuer or a Subsidiary; 
 
(vi) 
einer 
Gegenverpflichtung 
zur Freistellung in Bezug 
auf eine Bürgschaft, eine 
Freistellungsverpflichtung, 
eine Garantie, ein Garantie- 
(vi) 
any 
counter-indemnity 
obligation in respect of a 
guarantee, indemnity, bond, 
standby 
or 
documentary 
letter of credit or any other

--- Page 159 ---
-150- 
 
oder Dokumentenakkreditiv 
oder ein anderes von einer 
Bank 
oder 
einem 
Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes 
Instrument; und 
instrument issued by a bank 
or financial institution; and 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten aus einer 
Garantie, Bürgschaft oder 
Freistellungsverpflichtung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Verbindlichkeiten der in den 
vorstehenden Ziffern (i) bis 
(vi) genannten Art, 
(vii) the amount of any liability in 
respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the 
items referred to in clauses 
(i) to (vi) above, 
 
jeweils nur falls und soweit der 
jeweilige Betrag oder die jeweilige 
Verpflichtung 
nach 
IFRS 
als 
"Verbindlichkeit" erfasst wird. 
in each such case only if and to the 
extent the relevant amount or 
obligation 
is 
recorded 
as 
"indebtedness" in accordance with 
IFRS. 
 
“Gruppe” 
bezeichnet 
die 
Emittentin 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
“Group” means the Issuer together 
with its Subsidiaries. 
 
“IFRS” 
bezeichnet 
die 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standard Board in 
jeweils geltender Fassung. 
“IFRS” means the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as 
published by the International 
Accounting Standards Board, as in 
effect from time to time. 
 
“Immobilienvermögen” 
bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss einer 
Doppelberücksichtigung) das im 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
in 
den 
Bilanzpositionen 
"als 
Finanzinvestition 
gehaltene 
Immobilien", "Sachanlagen" oder 
"zum 
Verkauf 
bestimmte 
Grundstücke und Gebäude" zum 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehendenden 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
Konzernabschlüsse der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
sind, 
angesetzte oder nach IFRS seit 
dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
worden 
ist, 
anzusetzende 
Immobilienvermögen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
der 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
“Real Estate Property” means 
(without duplication) the real 
estate property of the Issuer and the 
Subsidiaries that is recognized as 
of the immediately preceding 
Reporting 
Date 
for 
which 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer have been published, 
or is required to be recognized in 
accordance with IFRS since the 
immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published, in the balance 
sheet 
items 
"investment 
properties", "property, plant and 
equipment" or "land and buildings 
held for sale" of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
“Konsolidierte 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten” 
bezeichnet 
die 
nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
“Consolidated 
Net 
Financial 
Indebtedness” means the net 
financial indebtedness of the Issuer 
and any of its Subsidiaries, on a

--- Page 160 ---
-151- 
 
Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
und 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis 
wie 
im 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
als "Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten" 
ausgewiesen). 
consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS as shown as 
"net financial liabilities" in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Issuer. 
“Konsolidiertes 
Bereinigtes 
EBITDA” bezeichnet den unter 
der 
Überschrift 
"EBITDA 
(bereinigt)" im Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
angegebene 
Zahlenwert 
oder, 
sofern 
der 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin 
keinen Wert "EBITDA (bereinigt)" 
enthält, den unter der Überschrift 
"EBIT" angegebenen Zahlenwert 
bereinigt um Gewinne/Verluste aus 
der Fair-Value-Anpassung der als 
Finanzinvestitionen 
gehaltenen 
Immobilien, 
Abschreibungen 
sowie 
einmaligen 
bzw. 
außergewöhnlichen 
Positionen 
(jeweils 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Bestimmungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen). 
“Consolidated 
Adjusted 
EBITDA” means the number set 
out under the heading "EBITDA 
(adjusted)" in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer 
or, if the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer do not 
contain 
an 
item 
"EBITDA 
(adjusted)", the number set out in 
the item "EBIT" adjusted for 
gains/losses from the fair value 
adjustments 
of 
investment 
properties, 
depreciation 
and 
amortization and non-recurring or 
exceptional items (in each case 
subject 
to 
the 
determination 
specified in these Terms and 
Conditions). 
 
“Konzernabschluss” bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Person den nach 
IFRS erstellten Konzernabschluss 
mit Anhang für diese Person und 
ihre Tochterunternehmen sowie 
Konzernzwischenabschlüsse und 
Quartalsmitteilungen 
(zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt). 
“Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements” means, with respect 
to any Person, the consolidated 
financial statements and notes to 
those financial statements of that 
Person 
and 
its 
subsidiaries 
prepared in accordance with IFRS 
as well as interim consolidated 
financial statements and quarterly 
statements (as of the relevant date). 
 
“Nettofinanzverbindlichkeiten” 
bezeichnet den Nennbetrag der 
eingegangenen 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
“Net Financial Indebtedness” 
means the nominal amount of 
Financial Indebtedness incurred 
minus the nominal amount of 
Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
 
“Person” bezeichnet natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, 
Personengesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, Trusts, nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften mit beschränkter 
Haftung, staatliche Stellen (oder 
Behörden 
oder 
“Person” means any individual, 
corporation, 
partnership, 
joint 
venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated 
organization, 
limited 
liability 
company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision 
thereof) or any other entity.

--- Page 161 ---
-152- 
 
Gebietskörperschaften) 
oder 
sonstige Rechtsträger. 
“Summe Aktiva” bezeichnet den 
Wert 
der 
konsolidierten 
Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und 
der Tochtergesellschaften, der in 
einer 
nach 
IFRS 
erstellten 
konsolidierten 
Bilanz 
der 
Emittentin 
erscheint 
oder 
erscheinen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
"Summe Aktiva" die Zuflüsse aus 
den 
einzugehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einschließt. 
“Total Assets” means the value of 
the consolidated total assets of the 
Issuer and the Subsidiaries, as such 
amount appears, or would appear, 
on a consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, provided that "Total 
Assets" shall include the proceeds 
of the Financial Indebtedness to be 
incurred. 
 
“Zahlungswirksames 
Zinsergebnis” bezeichnet alle an 
Personen, die nicht Mitglied der 
Gruppe sind, aufgelaufenen, bar zu 
zahlenden Zinsen und sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten abzüglich des 
Betrags aller durch Mitglieder der 
Gruppe von Personen, die nicht 
Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu 
erhaltenden und aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, 
jeweils 
ausgenommen 
einmalige 
Finanzierungskosten 
(u. 
a. 
einmalige 
Entgelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
“Net Cash Interest” means all 
cash interest and other financing 
charges accrued to persons who are 
not members of the Group less the 
amount of any interest and other 
financing charges accrued to be 
received by members of the Group 
from persons who are not members 
of the Group, in each case, 
excluding any one-off financing 
charges 
(including 
without 
limitation, any one-off fees and/or 
break costs). 
 
§ 10 Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und Berechnungsstelle 
§ 10 Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) 
and Calculation Agent 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
sind 
nachstehend mit den benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, 
Specified 
Office.  The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial 
specified offices are as follows: 
 
“Emissionsstelle” und 
“Zahlstelle”:  
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
“Fiscal Agent” and “Paying 
Agent”:  
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
[“Berechnungsstelle”: 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
[“Calculation Agent”: 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12

--- Page 162 ---
-153- 
 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder 
Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin 
behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche 
Zahlstellen 
(gemeinsam mit der vorgenannten 
Zahlstelle, die “Zahlstellen” und 
jede 
eine 
“Zahlstelle”) 
zu 
benennen.  
(b) 
Variation 
or 
termination 
of 
appointment.  The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together 
with the Paying Agent specified 
above, the “Paying Agents” and 
each a “Paying Agent”).  
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner 
das Recht vor, die Ernennung der 
Emissionsstelle, der Zahlstellen 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
jederzeit anders zu regeln oder zu 
beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the 
right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent 
and the Calculation Agent. 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, 
dass 
jederzeit 
(i) 
eine 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle, 
(ii) 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer Geschäftsstelle 
in 
einer 
Stadt 
auf 
dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so 
lange die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin an 
einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten 
Geschäftsstelle an dem von der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen Ort bestimmt ist. 
The Issuer will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and a 
Calculation Agent, (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a 
continental European city and (iii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange at the initiative of 
the Issuer, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such city as may 
be required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. 
 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle 
ihrer 
jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land 
zu bestimmen. Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Emissionsstelle, 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen 
unverzüglich durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 12. 
The Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent 
reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified 
office in the same country. Notice 
of all changes in the identities or 
specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent will be given 
promptly by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent(s) and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or

--- Page 163 ---
-154- 
 
gegenüber dem Anleihegläubiger; 
es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen und dem Anleihegläubiger 
begründet. 
relationship of agency or trust for 
the Noteholder. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle können den Rat 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte 
oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger 
einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und 
sich auf eine solche Beratung 
verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
übernehmen 
keine Haftung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, 
die in gutem Glauben im Einklang 
mit 
einer 
solchen 
Beratung 
getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent, and the Paying 
Agent(s) and the Calculation 
Agent may engage the advice or 
services of any lawyers or other 
experts whose advice or services it 
deems necessary and may rely 
upon any advice so obtained. 
Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
nor 
the 
Calculation Agent will incur any 
liability as against the Noteholders 
in respect of any action taken, or 
not taken, or suffered to be taken, 
or not taken, in accordance with 
such advice in good faith. 
 
§ 11 Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 11 Substitution 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger, ein mit der 
Emittentin 
Verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) 
an Stelle der Emittentin als neue 
Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die 
Emittentin an die Stelle der 
Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern: 
The Issuer may at any time, 
without 
the 
consent 
of 
the 
Noteholders, substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined 
below) of the Issuer as new issuer 
(the "New Issuer") in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in 
connection with the Notes with the 
effect of releasing the Issuer of all 
such obligations, if: 
 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt und, sofern eine 
Zustellung an die Neue 
Emittentin außerhalb der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
erfolgen 
müsste, einen Zustellungs-
bevollmächtigten 
in 
der 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any 
and all obligations of the 
Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Notes 
and, if service of process 
vis-à-vis the New Issuer 
would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic 
of Germany, appoints a 
process agent within the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany;

--- Page 164 ---
-155- 
 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland bestellt; 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue 
Emittentin sämtliche für die 
Schuldnerersetzung und die 
Erfüllung 
der 
Verpflichtungen aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen 
Genehmi-
gungen 
von 
staatlichen 
Stellen 
und 
Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten 
haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New 
Issuer have obtained all 
governmental 
and 
regulatory 
authorisations 
necessary 
for 
the 
substitution 
and 
the 
fulfilment of the obligations 
arising 
under 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche zur 
Erfüllung der aufgrund der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen Beträge in 
der Festgelegten Währung 
an das Clearingsystem oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
zu 
zahlen, und zwar ohne 
Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben jedweder Art, die 
von dem Land (oder den 
Ländern), in dem (in denen) 
die Neue Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, 
auferlegt, 
erhoben 
oder 
eingezogen werden; 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the 
position to pay to the 
Clearing System or to the 
Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency 
and 
without 
deducting or withholding 
any taxes or other duties of 
whatever nature imposed, 
levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in 
which the New Issuer has its 
domicile or tax residence all 
amounts required for the 
performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or 
in 
connection 
with the 
Notes; 
 
(iv) 
die Emittentin unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich 
die 
Verpflichtungen der Neuen 
Emittentin aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich mindestens so 
gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Schuldnerersetzung stehen 
würde; 
(iv) 
the Issuer unconditionally 
and irrevocably guarantees 
such obligations of the New 
Issuer under the Notes on 
terms which ensure that 
each Noteholder will be put 
in an economic position that 
is at least as favourable as 
that which would have 
existed if the substitution 
had not taken place; 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich 
verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, 
Abgaben oder behördlichen 
Lasten 
freizustellen, 
die 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to 
indemnify 
and 
hold 
harmless each Noteholder 
against 
any 
tax, 
duty, 
assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such

--- Page 165 ---
-156- 
 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
bezüglich bzw. in Folge der 
Schuldnerersetzung 
auferlegt werden; und 
Noteholder in respect or as a 
result of such substitution; 
and 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder 
mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, welche bestätigen, 
dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Ziffern (i) 
bis (v) erfüllt wurden. 
(vi) 
there 
shall 
have 
been 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the 
effect that clauses (i) to (v) 
above have been satisfied. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 11 bezeichnet 
“Verbundenes 
Unternehmen” 
ein 
verbundenes Unternehmen im Sinne von 
§ 15 AktG. 
For purposes of this § 11, “Affiliate” 
shall mean any affiliated company 
(verbundenes Unternehmen) within the 
meaning of section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
(i) 
Im 
Fall 
einer 
Schuldnerersetzung gemäß 
§ 11(a) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche 
auf die Neue Emittentin, und 
jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland im Hinblick 
auf die Emittentin gilt ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme auf die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
maßgebliche 
Steuerjurisdiktion. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(a), any 
reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer 
shall be a reference to the 
New 
Issuer, 
and 
any 
reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany with 
respect to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to 
refer to the relevant taxing 
jurisdiction with respect to 
the New Issuer. 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck 
der 
jeweiligen 
Bedingung ergibt, dass die 
Bezugnahme 
entweder 
weiterhin 
nur 
auf 
die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen 
SE 
erfolgen soll, oder dass die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue 
Emittentin und gleichzeitig 
auch 
auf 
die 
Deutsche 
Wohnen SE, im Hinblick auf 
deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der 
Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 11(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt 
this shall apply only to the 
extent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the 
relevant 
reference 
shall 
continue to be a reference 
only to Deutsche Wohnen 
SE, or that the reference 
shall be to the New Issuer 
and Deutsche Wohnen SE, 
in relation to Deutsche 
Wohnen SE's obligations 
under 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv) at the 
same time.

--- Page 166 ---
-157- 
 
(ii) 
In § 8 gilt ein weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund 
als 
aufgenommen, 
der 
dann 
besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß 
§ 11(a)(iv) 
mit 
rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen Gerichts für 
nicht 
vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder 
die Garantin einen Mangel 
der Wirksamkeit behauptet 
und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
zehn 
Geschäftstagen 
behoben 
wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of 
default shall be deemed to 
have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in 
the case that the guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv) is 
determined by the final 
decision of a competent 
court or is claimed by the 
guarantor not to be in full 
force and effect and such 
defect 
is 
not 
corrected 
within ten business days. 
 
(c) 
Weitere Ersetzungen.  Die Neue 
Emittentin ist jederzeit nach einer 
Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz (a) 
berechtigt, ohne die Zustimmung 
der Anleihegläubiger eine weitere 
Ersetzung 
vorzunehmen, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
alle 
Bestimmungen der vorstehenden 
Absätze (a) und (b) sinngemäß 
Anwendung finden und, ohne 
hierauf 
beschränkt 
zu 
sein, 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
Emittentin, 
sofern 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
verlangt, 
(auch) als Bezugnahmen auf jede 
weitere Neue Emittentin gelten, 
wobei die Ersetzung gemäß diesem 
§ 11 in keinem Fall die Wirkung 
einer Befreiung der Emittentin von 
irgendwelchen 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
ihrer 
Garantie 
gemäß§ 11(a)(iv) hat. 
(c) 
Weitere Ersetzungen.  At any time 
after 
substitution 
pursuant 
to 
paragraph (a) above, the New 
Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, effect a further 
substitution, provided that all 
provisions 
specified 
in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall 
apply, mutatis mutandis, and, 
without limitation, references in 
these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so 
requires, be deemed to be or 
include references to any such 
further New Issuer, provided that 
in no event shall any substitution 
under this § 11 have the effect of 
releasing the Issuer from any of its 
obligations under its guarantee 
pursuant to § 11(a)(iv). 
 
(d) 
Sitzverlegung.  Eine 
Verlegung 
des Sitzes der Emittentin in ein 
anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur 
zulässig, wenn die vorstehend in 
Absatz (a) 
genannten 
Voraussetzungen 
entsprechend 
erfüllt sind. Absatz (b)(i) zweiter 
Halbsatz 
findet 
entsprechende 
Anwendung. 
(d) 
Transfer of Domicile.  A transfer 
of domicile of the Issuer to another 
country 
or 
territory 
is 
only 
permissible if the requirements set 
forth in paragraph (a) above are 
complied 
with 
accordingly. 
Paragraph (b)(i) 
second 
half-
sentence 
shall 
apply 
mutatis 
mutandis. 
 
§ 12 Bekanntmachungen 
§ 12 Notices

--- Page 167 ---
-158- 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die an 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse 
notiert 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen am geregelten Markt 
der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind) auf der Internet-Seite 
der Luxemburger Börse (derzeit 
unter 
www.bourse.lu) 
veröffentlicht. Jede Mitteilung gilt 
am Tag der ersten Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All 
notices 
regarding the Notes will be 
published (so long as the Notes are 
listed on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (currently on 
www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes 
on the date of the first such 
publication. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
which are 
listed on 
the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Exchange
, the 
following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
findet § 12(a) Anwendung. Soweit 
die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin 
eine Veröffentlichung nach § 12(a) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System.  So long as any Notes are 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 12(a) shall apply. If 
the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing 
System to the Noteholders, in lieu 
of publication as set forth in 
§ 12(a) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fifth day after 
the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibun-
gen, die 
nicht oder 
an einer 
anderen 
Börse als 
der Luxem-
burger 
Börse 
notiert 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle 
Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, 
werden im Bundesanzeiger [und, 
solange die  Schuldverschreibun-
gen an der [andere als die 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
einfügen] 
notiert sind und soweit dies die 
Regeln dieser Börse verlangen 
[in/unter][Zeitung 
oder 
Internetseite 
einfügen]] 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung 
als 
wirksam 
erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All 
notices 
regarding the Notes will be 
published electronically in the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
[and so long as the Notes are listed 
on [insert stock exchange other 
than 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange] and if the rules of such 
stock 
exchange 
so 
require 
[in/under][insert newspaper or 
webpage]]. Any notice so given 
will become effective for all 
purposes 
on 
the 
third 
day 
following the date of the first such 
publication. 
In the 
case of 
Notes 
which are 
unlisted 
or listed 
on a 
stock 
exchange 
other 
than the 
Luxem-
bourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
the 
following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 12(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
(b) 
Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System.  The Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication pursuant to § 12(a) 
above, deliver the relevant notice 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing 
System 
to 
the 
Noteholders,

--- Page 168 ---
-159- 
 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
ersetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ggf. 
notiert sind, diese Form der 
Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
provided that the rules of the stock 
exchange on which the notes are 
listed (if applicable) permit such 
form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been 
validly given to the Noteholders on 
the fifth day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System. 
 
Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die von einem Anleihegläubiger 
gemacht 
werden, 
müssen 
schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Nachweis 
seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14(c)(a) an 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann über das Clearingsystem in 
der von der Emissionsstelle und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices 
to be given by any Noteholder shall 
be made in written form together 
with evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with 
§ 14(c)(a) to the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and the 
Clearing System may approve for 
such purpose. 
 
§ 13 Begebung weiterer Schuldver-
schreibungen 
§ 13 Further Issues 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
ohne Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) wie die vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben, so 
dass sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. Der Begriff “Schuldverschrei-
bungen" umfasst im Fall einer solchen 
weiteren 
Begebung 
auch 
solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, 
additional 
notes 
with 
identical terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the date of issue, the interest 
commencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes. The term 
“Notes" shall, in the event of such further 
issue, also comprise such further notes. 
 
§ 14 Anwendbares 
Recht, 
Erfüllungsort und Gerichtsstand  
§ 14 Applicable 
Law, 
Place 
of 
Performance and Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
Geltendes Recht.  Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie 
alle sich daraus ergebenden Rechte 
und Pflichten bestimmen sich 
ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and 
content of the Notes as well as all 
the rights and duties arising 
therefrom 
are 
governed 
exclusively by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich 
eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes 
für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject 
to 
any 
exclusive court of venue for 
specific 
legal 
proceedings 
in

--- Page 169 ---
-160- 
 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dem 
Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG) 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen Fassung (das “SchVG”), 
ist nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichts-
stand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
(“Rechtsstreitigkeiten”) 
Frankfurt am Main. 
connection with the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
SchVG), as amended from time to 
time 
(the 
“SchVG”), 
non-
exclusive court of venue for all 
litigation with the Issuer arising 
from the legal relations established 
in these Terms and Conditions 
(“Proceedings”) is Frankfurt am 
Main. 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 
Absatz 2, § 13 Absatz 3 und § 18 
Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der 
Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht 
ausschließlich zuständig, in dessen 
Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
the district where the Issuer has its 
registered 
office 
will 
have 
jurisdiction for all judgments 
pursuant to § 9(2), § 13(3) and 
§ 18(2) SchVG in accordance with 
§ 9(3) SchVG. The regional court 
(Landgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office 
will have exclusive jurisdiction for 
all 
judgments 
over 
contested 
resolutions by Noteholders in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder Anleihe-
gläubiger ist berechtigt, in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
in 
jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in dem der 
Anleihegläubiger 
und 
die 
Emittentin 
Partei 
sind, 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage 
zu 
schützen 
oder 
geltend zu machen: 
(c) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may 
in any Proceedings against the 
Issuer, 
or 
to 
which 
such 
Noteholder and the Issuer are 
parties, protect and enforce in its 
own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of 
 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank beibringt, bei der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche  
(i) 
a statement issued by the 
Custodian with which such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities account in respect 
of the Notes 
 
(A) 
den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige Adresse 
des 
(A)  stating the full name 
and address of the 
Noteholder,

--- Page 170 ---
-161- 
 
Anleihegläubigers 
angibt, 
(B) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung
en bezeichnet, die 
zum 
Datum 
der 
Bescheinigung 
auf 
dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind, und 
(B) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
credited 
to 
such 
securities account on 
the 
date 
of 
such 
statement, and 
 
(C) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank gegenüber 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Clearingsystem eine 
schriftliche Erklärung 
bezüglich der Absicht 
des 
Anleihegläubigers, 
seine 
Ansprüche 
unmittelbar 
geltend 
zu 
machen, 
abgegeben hat, (I) die 
die vorstehend unter 
(A) 
und 
(B) 
bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält, 
(II) 
deren 
Empfang 
vom 
Clearingsystem 
bestätigt wurde, und 
(III) die vom Clearing 
System 
an 
die 
Depotbank 
zurückgeschickt 
wurde, und 
(C) 
confirming that the 
Custodian has given 
written notice to the 
relevant 
Clearing 
System 
of 
the 
intention 
of 
the 
Noteholder to enforce 
claims directly which 
(I) 
contains 
the 
information pursuant 
to (A) and (B), (II) 
has 
been 
acknowledged by the 
Clearing System, and 
(III) 
has 
been 
returned 
by 
the 
Clearing System to 
the Custodian, and 
 
(ii) 
indem er eine Kopie der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearingsystems 
oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems 
bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
(ii) 
a copy of the Global Note 
representing 
the 
Notes 
certified as being a true copy 
by a duly authorised officer 
of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for 
production 
in 
such 
Proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes.

--- Page 171 ---
-162- 
 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
bezeichnet 
“Depotbank” 
jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die in dem 
Land, in dem die Rechtsstreitigkeit 
geführt wird, prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
In these Terms and Conditions, 
“Custodian” means any bank or 
other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognised standing authorised to 
engage 
in 
securities 
custody 
business 
with 
which 
the 
Noteholder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. 
Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect 
and enforce its rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which 
is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
 
§ 15 Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 15 Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions; Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe 
der §§ 5 ff. SchVG ändern. Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
scheidet aus. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions.  The 
Issuer 
may 
amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority 
resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. 
There 
will 
be 
no 
amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen 
mit Ausnahme der Ersetzung der 
Emittentin, 
die 
in 
§ 11 
abschließend geregelt ist, mit den 
in dem nachstehenden § 15(b) 
genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle 
Anleihegläubiger verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may 
consent to amendments which 
materially change the substance of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including 
such 
measures 
as 
provided for under § 5(3) of the 
SchVG, 
but 
excluding 
a 
substitution of the Issuer, which is 
exclusively 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions in § 11, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Noteholders as stated 
under § 15(b) below. A duly passed

--- Page 172 ---
-163- 
 
majority resolution will be binding 
upon all Noteholders. 
(b)  
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Vorbehaltlich  des nachstehenden 
Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen die Anleihegläubiger 
mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen, 
insbeson-
dere in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 
Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert 
wird, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine “Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit”). Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Schuldverschreibun-
gen der Emittentin oder einem mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmen 
(§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin 
oder eines mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmens gehalten werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as 
provided by the following sentence 
and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting 
rights participating in the vote. 
Resolutions 
which 
materially 
change the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions, in particular in the 
cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 through 
9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the voting rights 
participating 
in 
the 
vote 
(a 
“Qualified 
Majority”). 
The 
voting right is suspended as long as 
any Notes are attributable to the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates 
(within the meaning of § 271(2) of 
the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being 
held for the account of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
nach 
§ 15(c)(i) oder im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 15(c)(ii) getroffen, die von 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter einberufen 
wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the 
Noteholders will be made either in 
a 
Noteholders' 
meeting 
in 
accordance with § 15(c)(i) or by 
means of a vote without a meeting 
(Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) 
in accordance with § 15(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer 
or a joint representative, if any.  
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
im 
Rahmen 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG 
getroffen. Die Einberufung 
der Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung und der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
werden in der Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur 
(i) 
Resolutions 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
in 
a 
Noteholders' meeting will 
be made in accordance with 
§ 9 et seq. of the SchVG. 
The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will 
provide the further details 
relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified 
to Noteholders in the agenda 
of the meeting.

--- Page 173 ---
-164- 
 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt 
gegeben.  
(ii) 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger im Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung werden nach 
§ 18 SchVG getroffen. Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter 
regelt 
die weiteren Einzelheiten 
der Beschlussfassung und 
der Abstimmung. Mit der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe werden die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie die Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt 
gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions 
of 
the 
Noteholders by means of a 
vote not requiring a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) will be made 
in accordance § 18 of the 
SchVG. The request for 
voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will 
provide the further details 
relating to the resolutions 
and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions will be notified 
to Noteholders together with 
the request for voting. 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird die 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
bei 
der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 15(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann der Abstimmungsleiter eine 
Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen, welche als zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne 
des § 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders' meeting.  If it 
is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the vote without meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ 15(c)(ii), 
the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
may convene a meeting, which 
shall be deemed to be a second 
meeting within the meaning of 
§ 15(3) sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die 
Stimmrechtsausübung ist von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung muss bis zum dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung im Falle 
einer Gläubigerversammlung (wie 
in 
§ 15(c)(i) 
oder 
§ 15(d) 
beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn 
des Abstimmungszeitraums 
im 
Falle einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung (wie in § 15(c)(ii) 
beschrieben) unter der in der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
angegebenen Anschrift zugehen. 
Zusammen mit der Anmeldung 
müssen 
Anleihegläubiger 
den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen 
(e) 
Registration.  The 
exercise 
of 
voting rights is subject to the 
registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received 
at the address stated in the request 
for voting no later than the third 
day prior to the meeting in the case 
of a Noteholders' meeting (as 
described in § 15(c)(i) or § 15(d)) 
or the beginning of the voting 
period in the case of voting not 
requiring a physical meeting (as 
described in § 15(c)(ii)), as the 
case may be. As part of the 
registration, 
Noteholders 
must 
demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of 
a special confirmation of their 
respective Custodian hereof in text 
form and by submission of a 
blocking 
instruction 
by 
the 
Custodian stating that the relevant

--- Page 174 ---
-165- 
 
Depotbank in Textform und die 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank erbringen, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die relevanten 
Schuldverschreibungen für den 
Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung 
der Anmeldung (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem angegebenen Ende der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
bzw. 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragen 
werden können. 
Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including 
the stated end of the meeting or day 
the voting period ends, as the case 
may be. 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter.  Die 
Anleihegläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung 
und 
Abberufung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, 
die 
Übertragung von Rechten der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine 
Beschränkung der Haftung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten 
Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 15(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint 
representative.  The 
Noteholders may by majority 
resolution 
provide 
for 
the 
appointment or dismissal of a joint 
representative, the duties and 
responsibilities and the powers of 
such joint 
representative, 
the 
transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders 
to 
the 
joint 
representative and a limitation of 
liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment 
of 
a 
joint 
representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such 
joint representative is to be 
authorised to consent to a material 
change in the substance of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
in 
accordance with § 15(a) hereof. 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche 
ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. 
Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung 
dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine 
Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und 
die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten 
die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by 
law 
or 
granted 
by 
majority 
resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the 
Noteholders. To the extent that the 
joint 
representative 
has 
been 
authorised to assert certain rights 
of 
the 
Noteholders, 
the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in 
the relevant majority resolution. 
The joint representative shall 
provide reports to the Noteholders 
on its activities. The regulations of 
the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and 
obligations 
of 
the 
joint 
representative.

--- Page 175 ---
-166- 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is 
liable 
for 
wilful 
misconduct 
(Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint 
representative's liability shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of 
its annual remuneration. 
 
(g)
 Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntma
chungen betreffend diesen § 15 
erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
§§ 5ff. SchVG. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning 
this § 15 will be made exclusively 
in accordance with § 5 et seq. of 
the SchVG. 
 
(f) 
Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
Garantie gemäß § 11(a)(iv). 
(f) 
Guarantee. The provisions set out 
above applicable to the Notes will 
apply mutatis mutandis to any 
guarantee granted pursuant to 
§ 11(a)(iv). 
 
§ 16 Sprache 
§ 16 Language 
 
Falls die 
Anleihebe-
dingungen 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Über-
setzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwend-
bar: 
Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the German language and provided 
with an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only. 
If the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in the 
German 
language 
with an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion, the 
following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only. 
If the 
Terms 
and 
Condi-
tions 
shall be 
in the 
English 
language 
only, the 
following 
applies:

--- Page 176 ---
-167- 
 
5 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, “MiFID II”), umfasst und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen 
sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
“Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-
Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”) Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein “Vertriebsunternehmen”) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung 
der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]8 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
                                                     
7Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is “Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only”. The 
legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or both are included. 
8 Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat “Ausschließlich Professionelle 
Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien”. Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, 
in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.

--- Page 177 ---
-168- 
 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]9 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (“EWR”) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, “MiFID 
II”); oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
“Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie”), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 
Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder 
ersetzten Fassung, die “PRIIPs-Verordnung”) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR 
nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]10 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]11 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich (“GB”) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (der “FSMA”) und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne 
von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts 
ist, qualifiziert wäre. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die “UK PRIIPs-Verordnung”), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot 
oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; 
daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]12 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
                                                     
9 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area” as “Not Applicable”. 
10 Lende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das “Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum” für “Nicht 
anwendbar” erklären. 
11 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify “Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom” as “Not Applicable”. The assumption is 
that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa 
such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be included unless turned off. 
12 Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das “Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich” für “Nicht anwendbar” 
erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten 
Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht unangewendet bleiben.

--- Page 178 ---
-169- 
 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]  
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) von Singapur (der “SFA”) und den 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die “CMP Regulations 2018”), hat 
die Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), 
dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 
definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) 
handelt.]

--- Page 179 ---
-170- 
 
 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
DEUTSCHE WOHNEN SE 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900QE24Q67I3FWZ10 
 
Issue of 
Emission von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued as  
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
€10,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
DEUTSCHE WOHNEN SE 
 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●]%. 
Begebungstag
: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis
: 
[●] %

--- Page 180 ---
-171- 
 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the “Final 
Terms”). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated March 25, 2021 [(, as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (the “Base Prospectus”) which 
constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[These Final Terms will be available for viewing in electronic form on the website of [●] (●)13.]14 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen dar (die “Endgültigen Bedingungen”). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen 
wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (die “Prospektverordnung”) abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt 
vom 25. März 2021 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der 
“Basisprospekt”), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu 
lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf 
die Emittentin und das Angebot sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem 
Basisprospekt enthalten. 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen können auf der Internetseite der [●](●)15 in elektronischer Form 
eingesehen werden]16 
                                                     
13  
Insert relevant stock exchange and webpage. 
14  
Only to be inserted and completed if the Notes will be admitted to trading on a regulated market witin the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU. 
15  
Betreffende Börse und Internetseite einfügen. 
16  
Nur einzufügen und zu vervollständigen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU zugelassen werden.

--- Page 181 ---
-172- 
 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the 
relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the “Conditions”) [, and the English language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option 
II including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option 
I] [Option II] (the “Terms and Conditions”). Capitalized terms shall have the meanings specified 
in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms. The 
blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which 
are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
(the Terms and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the “Conditions”).] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und 
die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die “Bedingungen”) [sowie 
deren englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten

--- Page 182 ---
-173- 
 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt 
werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die 
“Anleihebedingungen”). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe 
Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze 
beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als “Nicht anwendbar” (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne 
Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als “nicht anwendbar” gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten 
kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen 
in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen 
zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die “Bedingungen”) gestrichen.]

--- Page 183 ---
-174- 
 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●]17 
Festgelegte Währung:  
[●]18 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]19 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]20 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]21 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]22 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with 
Clearstream Frankfurt 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung 
durch Clearstream Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option I)  
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
                                                     
17  
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
18  
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
19  
Insert currency (only in case of Fixed Rate Notes) and amount of the Tranche. 
20  
Währung (nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen) und Betrag der Tranche einfügen. 
21 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, €100,000, and, if in any currency other than euro (only possible in case of 
Fixed Rate Notes), an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to €100,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
22 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in €100.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben (nur 
möglich im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen), den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen mindestens 100.000 € entspricht.

--- Page 184 ---
-175- 
 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
Festgelegter Stückelung:  
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
 
Final Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
Festgelegter Stückelung:  
[●] 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]23 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]24 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA  
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis  
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen (Option II)  
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
                                                     
23  
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
24  
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. 
Reguläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 185 ---
-176- 
 
 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●]% 
 
 
Marge: 
[●] %  
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Period: 
[●]-month-EURIBOR 
 
Zeitraum: 
[●]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Interpolation 
[first / last] Interest Period 
 
 
Interpolation 
[erste / letzte] Zinsperiode 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount 25  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag26  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Benchmark Yield 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] [other 
relevant benchmark] specifying the following 
details: ISIN or other securities code, as 
observed at around noon [(Frankfurt time)] 
[other relevant time] on such date on 
Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the 
setting “Last Yield to Convention” and using 
the pricing source [“FRNK”] [other source as 
relevant]), or as derived or published by such 
other source as determined by the Issuer] 
 
Benchmark Rendite 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter 
Angabe folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder 
andere Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 
                                                     
25  
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
26  
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 186 ---
-177- 
 
Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere 
relevante Zeitzone] an diesem Tag auf der 
Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP (unter 
Nutzung der Einstellung “Last Yield to 
Convention” und der Preisquelle [“FRNK”] 
[andere relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, durch die 
Emittentin festgelegten, Quelle hergeleitet 
oder veröffentlicht] 
 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] % 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin:  
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during 
a call redemption period: 27  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
während einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 28  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon 
occurrence of a transaction related event: 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
nach Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen 
Ereignisses:  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] to [●] 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] bis [●] 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for 
minimal outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes/No] 
                                                     
27  
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
28  
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 187 ---
-178- 
 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
wegen eines geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags:  
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder:  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Anleihegläubiger:  
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of 
Control:  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines 
Kontrollwechsels:  
[Ja/Nein] 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
 
Business Day29 
 
Geschäftstag30 
 
☐ 
TARGET 
 
☐ 
Relevant financial centre(s) 
[●] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren 
[●] 
§ 10 Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent]  
§ 10 Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] [insert name 
and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Angabe von 
Name und Adresse] 
§ 12 Notices 
 
§ 12 Bekanntmachungen 
 
☐ 
Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxem-
burger Börse notiert sind 
 
                                                     
29  
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes. 
30  
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 188 ---
-179- 
 
☐ 
Notes which are unlisted or listed on a stock 
exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht oder an 
einer anderen Börse als der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind 
 
§ 16 Language31 
§ 16 Sprache32 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
                                                     
31 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.  
32 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 189 ---
-180- 
 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN 
Listing and admission to trading:  
 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel:  
 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market 
[give details] 
Anderer Markt 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[give details] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung 
zum Handel 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Countries where admission to trading on the 
regulated market is being sought 
[give details] 
Länder, in denen die Zulassung zum Handel 
am geregelten Markt beantragt wird 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
Rating of the Notes 
 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as 
follows:33 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt 
geratet:34 
 
 
☐ 
Moody’s: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]35: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht 
geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved 
in the issue/offer 
 
                                                     
33  
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider.  
34  
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.  
35  
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.

--- Page 190 ---
-181- 
 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen 
Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.] 
 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat 
keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der 
Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von 
wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
 
☐ 
Other interest (specify) 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds and 
Yield 
 
Gründe für das Angebot, Nettoerlöse und Rendite 
 
Use of proceeds:36 
[If applicable, insert and adjust/complete: An 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be 
used exclusively to finance Eligible Assets  in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework.] 
[specify further details]] 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse:37 
[Falls einschlägig, einfügen und anpassen 
bzw. vervollständigen: Ein Betrag, der den 
Nettoerlösenentspricht, wird ausschließlich 
verwendet werden, um Qualifizierte 
Vermögenswerte gemäß dem Green Finance 
Framework der Emittentin zu finanzieren.] 
[Weitere Einzelheiten angeben] 
 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des 
Emissionserlöses 
[●] 
 
Yield 38 
[Not applicable][●] 
 
Rendite 39 
[Nicht anwendbar][●] 
                                                     
36  
See paragraph “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes of the 
Deutsche Wohnen Group include those reasons here.  
37  
Siehe Abschnitt “Use of Proceeds” im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Unternehmenszwecken 
der Deutsche Wohnen-Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
38 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.  
39 
Nur anwendbar für Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 191 ---
-182- 
 
Selling Restrictions and Stabilisation 
 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen und Stabilisierung 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the 
European Economic Area:40 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum:41 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the 
United Kingdom:42  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich:43  
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung und EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Security Codes 
 
Wertpapierkennung 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI] 
[●] 
[FISN] 
[●] 
[Any other security number] 
[●] 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung] 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a 
Classical Global Note] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer 
Classical Global Note] 
 
[Note that the designation “Yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited (i) in case of an NGN, with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper or 
(ii) otherwise with Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
                                                     
40 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
41 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine “verpackten” Produkte sind, so sollte “Nicht anwendbar” ausgewählt werden. Wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen “verpackte” Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist “Anwendbar” auszuwählen. 
42 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
43 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine “verpackten” Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind “verpackte” Produkte 
und es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte “Nicht anwendbar” ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen “verpackte” Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist “Anwendbar” auszuwählen.

--- Page 192 ---
-183- 
 
and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]44 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass “Ja” hier 
lediglich bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach 
ihrer Begebung (i) im Fall einer NGN bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen 
Verwahrer oder (ii) sonst bei Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden und 
es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]45 
[Whilst the designation is specified as “No” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper). Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]46 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen mit “Nein” 
festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft 
derart ändern, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden 
diese einzuhalten. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
                                                     
44 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
45 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
46 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 193 ---
-184- 
 
hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines 
Nominees von einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) 
werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems 
und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday 
credit operations) des Eurosystems zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]47 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant 
to the €10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Deutsche Wohnen SE on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.]  
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin 
beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen des €[●].000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Deutsche 
Wohnen SE an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorization 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorized by a resolution of the management board of Deutsche 
Wohnen SE passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des Vorstandes der 
Deutsche Wohnen SE vom [●]genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been 
omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and 
(ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden 
sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die 
reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat 
diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre 
Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
                                                     
47 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 194 ---
-185- 
 
 
Signed on behalf of  
Deutsche Wohnen SE: 
 
By: _________________ 
Duly authorized 
By: _________________ 
Duly authorized

--- Page 195 ---
-186- 
 
6 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
6.1 
General Information on Deutsche Wohnen SE and the Deutsche Wohnen Group 
6.1.1 
Formation, Name and Commercial Register Entry 
Deutsche Wohnen SE is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea - SE) organized 
under German and European law and registered under its legal name “Deutsche Wohnen SE” in the 
commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Berlin-Charlottenburg, 
Germany, under docket number HRB 190322 B. The Company is the parent company of Deutsche 
Wohnen Group and operates under the commercial name “Deutsche Wohnen”. The legal entity identifier 
(LEI) of the Company is: 529900QE24Q67I3FWZ10. 
The Company was initially incorporated as KERA Beteiligungs Aktiengesellschaft, a German 
stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) organized under German law, in 1996 with its registered office in 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The founder and sole shareholder was Deutsche Bank AG. The Company 
first started to conduct business in 1998 and changed its name to “Deutsche Wohnen AG” in 1998/99. 
On July 31, 2017 the Company’ legal form was converted into a European stock corporation and as a 
consequence, the Company’s name was changed to “Deutsche Wohnen SE”. On October 11, 2017, the 
Company’s registered office changed from Frankfurt am Main, Germany, to Berlin, Germany.  
The address of the webpage of the Group is www.deutsche-wohnen.de. Information on the 
website does not form part of the Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference. 
6.1.2 
Registered Office, Fiscal Year, Duration and Purpose of the Company 
The Company’s registered office is located at Mecklenburgische Straße 57, 14197 Berlin, 
Germany (telephone: +49 (0) 30 89786-0).  
Since January 1, 2007, the Company’s fiscal year has been the calendar year. The duration of 
the Company is indefinite. 
Pursuant to section 2 of the articles of association of the Company (“Articles of Association”), 
the Company’s corporate purpose is the acquisition, administration, letting and management, as well as 
the sale of residential property, nursing care facilities and other real estate. Real estate may be built, 
modernized and refurbished, services may be provided, and co-operations in all forms may be 
undertaken by the Company. The Company shall be entitled to operate in the fields listed above, either 
by itself, or through subsidiaries or portfolio companies; provided, that the purpose of the relevant entity 
covers the business activities of the Company in full or in part. The Company shall also be entitled to 
found or acquire such companies; it shall be entitled to manage subsidiaries under joint management or 
limit itself to the administration of its participating interests, and the Company shall be entitled to dispose 
of its interests. The Company is entitled to take all actions related to its purpose and which serve its 
purpose directly or indirectly. 
6.1.3 
Group Structure and Organization 
Deutsche Wohnen SE is the parent company of the Deutsche Wohnen Group and is not 
dependent on other entities within the Deutsche Wohnen Group. Its primary role within Deutsche 
Wohnen Group is to function as a finance and management holding company. The operating business is 
conducted exclusively by subsidiaries, the majority of which were founded and have their registered 
office in Germany. From an organisational perspective Deutsche Wohnen separates management and 
asset companies. For more information on the Group’s business operations, see “6.2 Principal Activities 
of the Issuer“.

--- Page 196 ---
-187- 
 
 
 
 
6.1.4 
Major Shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Deutsche Wohnen SE’s share capital (including shares 
issued based on contingent capital that have not yet been registered with the commercial register) 
amounted to €359,844,626, divided into 359,844,626 ordinary bearer shares. 
The shares of Deutsche Wohnen SE have been included in the DAX® Index of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange since June 22, 2020. Previously, the shares had been included in the MDAX® Index of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange since December 8, 2010 
To the extent known to Deutsche Wohnen SE, the Company is neither directly nor indirectly 
owned or controlled by a major shareholder. 
6.1.5 
Statutory Auditor 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Klingelhöferstraße 18, 10785 Berlin, Germany 
(“KPMG”), was appointed as the statutory auditor of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. KPMG audited the Company’s consolidated financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant 
to section 315e para. 1 HGB as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, 
respectively, in accordance with section 317 HGB and generally accepted standards for the audit of 
financial statements promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (Institut der 
Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland e.V.) and issued in each case an unqualified independent auditor’s 
report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk). 
KPMG is a member of the German Chamber of Public Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer 
K.d.ö.R), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany. 
6.2 
Principal Activities of the Issuer 
6.2.1 
Overview 
As of December 31, 2020, Deutsche Wohnen’s property portfolio comprised approximately 
160,000 residential and commercial units and had a fair value of €26.2 billion (excluding advance 
payments, units under construction and undeveloped land). As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s 
property portfolio also included nursing properties with a fair value of €1.2 billion comprising 
approximately 10,580 beds and apartments for assisted living. The focus of Deutsche Wohnen’s 
investments is on residential properties in metropolitan areas and conurbations in Germany. 
Deutsche Wohnen SE 
Management and central units 
Residential Property 
Management 
Nursing and Assisted 
Living 
Disposals/ Acquisitions 
New construction 
Strategic shareholdings

--- Page 197 ---
-188- 
 
Deutsche Wohnen believes that economic growth, positive net immigration and insufficient new 
building activity in these regions form the basis for the further development of its portfolio value. It also 
views the addition of nursing properties as another growth area, particularly in view of the demographic 
trends. With a view to tackling the property industry’s major task in terms of saving CO2 emissions, 
Deutsche Wohnen believes it can make an important contribution primarily through its energy-saving 
refurbishments, CO2-reduced heat and power generation (including green power) and climate-friendly 
new constructions. 
Deutsche Wohnen focuses on the following four main business fields:  
 
Residential Property Management; 
 
Nursing and Assisted Living. 
 
Disposals/Acquisitions; and 
 
New Construction. 
Residential Property Management. Deutsche Wohnen’s core business activity is the 
management of residential properties in the context of active asset management. Such management 
activities are carried out largely by Deutsche Wohnen’s own wholly-owned subsidiaries and include the 
modernization and maintenance of the property portfolio of Deutsche Wohnen, the management of 
tenancy agreements and account management. Infrastructural facility management services comprise 
on-site quality management by Deutsche Wohnen’s own staff and, above all, traditional caretaker 
services such as safety checks, ensuring a clean and tidy neighbourhood and providing support for 
Deutsche Wohnen’s tenants with administrative matters. 
Nursing and Assisted Living. Deutsche Wohnen manages and markets its retirement and nursing 
facilities under the brands KATHARINENHOF and PFLEGEN & WOHNEN HAMBURG. These 
facilities offer full in-patient care, with the aim of maintaining the residents’ active lifestyle and 
independence to the greatest extent possible. Additional services for older residents are also offered in 
Deutsche Wohnen’s assisted living facilities. 
In addition, Deutsche Wohnen leases some of its nursing properties to external nursing operators. 
Disposals/Acquisitions. The disposals business is another pillar of the Deutsche Wohnen 
Group’s operating activities. Deutsche Wohnen considers privatization programmes in its strategic core 
and growth regions as a useful instrument to free up capital and strengthen its liquidity position. 
Exploiting the currently positive market conditions, Deutsche Wohnen also engages in opportunistic 
block sales to institutional investors from its Core+ and Core portfolio. The disposals business includes 
all aspects of the preparation and execution of the sale of residential units from the property portfolio as 
part of the ongoing portfolio optimization and streamlining process. 
At the same time, Deutsche Wohnen constantly screens the market for selective acquisition 
opportunities of properties and land plots in metropolitan areas and conurbations throughout Germany. 
New Construction. Deutsche Wohnen seeks to grow its overall portfolio by implementing 
selected development projects in its strategic core and growth areas. Certain properties may also be 
developed with a view to being sold. The range of services provided in the New Construction business 
area includes the purchase of land plots, the facilitation of the planning process, planning of the projects, 
site management and the tracking of construction warranties. 
Deutsche Wohnen recently strengthened and streamlined its New Construction business by the 
acquisition of a 40% stake in Quarterback and the integration of its project development services into 
Quarterback, see “6.2.7 Project Development“.

--- Page 198 ---
-189- 
 
6.2.2 
Group Strategy 
Adressing key challenges for the property market 
 
The German property market continues to be highly dynamic. Metropolitan areas and 
conurbations are highly attractive as prosperous economic regions and are becoming areas with a high 
population density. Immigration, growth rates and incomes are rising here, making these areas more 
innovative and more competitive. Demand for residential and commercial properties is high as a result, 
and in many German cities is not currently being met by a corresponding level of new building activity. 
Deutsche Wohnen is also seeing greater demands from its customers: modern fittings, new 
technologies, digitization and property-related services are becoming increasingly important. The 
immediate residential and working environment is also decisive for many people. Transport links, 
facilities for day-to-day needs, leisure opportunities, schools, childcare, cultural activities, medical 
facilities, etc. make a key contribution to the quality of life. 
Demographic developments and the ageing society they imply are another challenge for the 
property markets. Accordingly, Deutsche Wohnen’s aim is to expand its residential offering in line with 
growing needs and to combine comfort and nursing care in the best possible way. 
Finally, the property industry is faced with a major task in terms of saving energy, which is a 
key lever for achieving global climate goals. 
Providing sustainable, livable housing and neighbourhood strategies for people in metropolitan areas 
 
By focusing on metropolitan areas and conurbations in Germany, Deutsche Wohnen has for 
years been concentrating its portfolio in fast-growing markets, in which it provides housing where it is 
needed. Around 93.0% of the Group’s properties by number are situated in its Core+ regions. Around 
7.0% of the Group’s portfolios are situated in Core regions. 
Deutsche Wohnen strives to continuously improve the quality and ongoing viability of its 
portfolio by means of investment in its properties. In view of climate protection targets, the Group 
believes that it has a responsibility to increase the energy efficiency of its properties, thereby contributing 
to achieving global climate goals, which is reflected by the Group’s inclusion and consideration of ESG-
related aspects in its strategy (see below). At the same time Deutsche Wohnen is highly dependent on 
the regulatory environment. 
Deutsche Wohnen believes that a pleasant residential and working environment is important for 
its customers and therefore designs its estates from a holistic perspective – from the grounds and 
infrastructure through to energy supplies. The Group strives to develop appropriate concepts for specific 
target groups and to improve its service quality continuously. 
Deutsche Wohnen is convinced that only new building can relieve the pressure on property 
markets. Therefore the Group is planning significant investments in new construction in the years ahead, 
in order to create additional housing in its core regions. Its objective is to develop sustainable and high-
quality properties that meet the needs of their users and are fit for the future. 
Deutsche Wohnen is growing organically and improving the quality of its portfolio through 
active portfolio management, which includes the selective acquisition and disposal of assets. When 
buying assets the Group concentrates on high-quality properties with development potential. Deutsche 
Wohnen is also able to generate economies of scale with acquisitions by means of its platform. When 
disposing of assets, the Group focuses on properties which it thinks have less development potential and 
for which the quality and/or location is below average. The resulting cash flow is available for 
investments in the Company, and particularly in its property portfolio. 
Acting with foresight 
 
In view of the long investment cycles and comparatively short innovation cycles in the property 
sector, it is vital to identify and address future challenges and opportunities as early as possible. Deutsche

--- Page 199 ---
-190- 
 
Wohnen therefore intends to keep extending its value chain by developing its property-related services. 
This entails opening up new property-related business areas by means of strategic equity investments. 
In view of demographic developments and the increasing need for nursing places and assisted 
living, the Group is also continuously increasing its investments in the Nursing and Assisted Living 
business field. Deutsche Wohnen focuses on the quality of the properties, as well as that of the nursing 
care and assisted living services. The Group is also focusing its nursing care business on towns and 
regions with positive development forecasts. 
Including environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) aspects 
 
Deutsche Wohnen believes that a contemporary approach to ESG-related aspects is vital for the 
Group’s future success. It is addressing these points through a comprehensive sustainability strategy 
which is based on five pillars: 
 
responsible corporate management; 
 
responsibility for the environment and the climate; 
 
responsibility for its customers and properties; 
 
responsibility for its employees; and 
 
responsibility towards society. 
In addition, Deutsche Wohnen has made a clear commitment in its sustainability strategy to 
contribute to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
The Group has set itself the ambitious objective of achieving climate neutrality by 2040. The 
Group aims to have the average CO2 intensity of its portfolio reduced by that time to below 12 kg per 
sqm. In order to accomplish these goals, Deutsche Wohnen is pursuing a variety of measures that focus 
on two key fields of action: reducing energy consumption (e.g., by energy efficient refurbishments, 
climate friendly new construction and building automation) and increasing the share of renewable 
energies and on-site power generation (e.g., by utilizing CO2 reduced heat and power generation and 
self-generated "green power"). Over the coming years, Deutsche Wohnen plans to continue to invest 
extensively in the quality, future viability and energy efficiency of its buildings and technical facilities. 
In the area of new construction, Deutsche Wohnen intends to apply the German Sustainable Building 
Council (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Nachhaltiges Bauen, DGNB) Gold Certification Standard for all 
buildings going forward. 
Ultimate responsibility for the implementation and compliance with the sustainability strategy 
lies with Deutsche Wohnen’s management board (the “Management Board”). In 2018, Deutsche 
Wohnen established a "Sustainability Committee" chaired by a member of the Management Board, 
which includes representatives from different departments. Sustainability management and ESG risk 
reporting has been, and will continue to be, integrated into the governance structure of the Group, 
forming a key part of senior management’s focus. The development of certain key indicators in 
connection with the implementation of the sustainability strategy are taken into account as an element 
in the short-term incentive (STI) compensation scheme of Deutsche Wohnen’s Management Board. In 
2020, Deutsche Wohnen engaged in preparations to incorporate the recommendations of the “Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure” (TCFD) in its Group reporting. Going forward, Deutsche 
Wohnen aims to develop structures to capture opportunities and risks and to use scenario analysis to 
evaluate its business activity and strategy on the basis of the TCFD recommendations. 
Deutsche Wohnen aims to be a socially reliable landlord who goes beyond legal requirements. 
In carrying out its energy-efficient refurbishment work, Deutsche Wohnen has made a promise to its 
tenants not to increase rents to above 30% of the affected tenants’ net household income. Further, 
Deutsche Wohnen has set up a EUR 30 million Corona aid fund to support tenants and partners 
particularly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and no rental increases have been implemented  and 
no tenants have been evicted due to late payments resulting from the pandemic.

--- Page 200 ---
-191- 
 
In order to link the Group’s sustainability strategy with its corporate financing, Deutsche 
Wohnen has established a Green Finance Framework. This framework defines certain criteria for the 
selection and evaluation of “Eligible Assets”, such as green buildings, onsite renewable energy 
generation or projects related to clean transportation (such as the installation of charging stations and 
smart meters). Deutsche Wohnen intends to use the proceeds of selected financing transactions, 
including issuances of selected series of Notes under this Programme, to finance or refinance such 
Eligible Assets in accordance with the requirements of the Green Finance Framework (please also refer 
to “2.2.3 Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond”) 
6.2.3 
Property Portfolio 
In the context of its Residential Properties Management business, Deutsche Wohnen manages 
one of the largest property portfolios in Germany, comprising approximately 155,400 residential and 
2,900 commercial units (approximately 4% of its overall floor space) as of December 31, 2020 and 
generating annualized rental income of around €790 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
Deutsche Wohnen focuses on fast-growing metropolitan regions and conurbations, which it refers to as 
Core+ markets and which made up some 93% of the portfolio by number as of December 31, 2020 
(December 31, 2019: 92%). As of December 31, 2020, the average in-place rent for the properties in 
Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio amounted to €6.71 per sqm (as of December 31, 2019: €6.94 per sqm), 
with a consistently low vacancy rate of 1.7% (as of December 31, 2019: 1.8%). As of December 31, 
2020, the total lettable area of Deutsche Wohnen’s residential portolio amounted to 9.3 million sqm (as 
of December 31, 2019: 9.7 million sqm). The portfolio was further strengthened in 2020 by acquisitions 
in an amount of approximately €485 million. 
In line with the Group’s focused portfolio strategy, its properties are largely concentrated within 
prosperous metropolitan areas and conurbations with upwards of 500,000 inhabitants. Its most important 
market is Greater Berlin, where approximately 114,200 residential units and approximately 1,800 
commercial units were located as of December 31, 2020, representing around 73% of all of Deutsche 
Wohnen’s residential units and some 76% of total fair value. Existing rents for nearly 65% of the 
Group’s apartments amount to up to €7.00 per sqm, placing the Group as a landlord in the mid-market 
segment. Approximately 57% of Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio consists of one and two-bedroom 
apartments. The proportion of one- and two-person households is correspondingly high. 
The following charts provide information on certain characteristics of Deutsche Wohnen’s 
portfolio as of December 31, 2020:

--- Page 201 ---
-192- 
 
 
 
 
Starting point for Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio management is the segmentation of its 
properties by carrying out a macro-analysis to divide the portfolio into Core+, Core and Non-Core 
locations on the basis of a scoring model. This ranks the attractiveness and prospects of the location 
based on macro-economic, socio-demographic and property-specific data. Among other factors, changes 
in the population and number of households, local job markets, purchasing power and infrastructure data 
are analysed. 
The following table provides an overview of Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio by segment as of December 
31, 2020: 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
Residential 
Commercial 
 
Residential 
units 
Area 
Share of 
total 
portfolio 
In-place 
rent(1) 
Vacancy 
rate 
Commer-
cial units 
Area 
 
number 
in thousand 
sqm 
in % 
€/sqm 
in % 
number 
in thousand 
sqm 
Core+........................... 
144,812 
8,668 
93.1 
6.75 
1.7 
2,699 
387 
Greater Berlin ......... 
114,191 
6,772 
73.4 
6.53 
1.3 
1,843 
237 
Dresden/Leipzig ..... 
10,585 
690 
6.8 
6.35 
3.0 
552 
81 
Frankfurt ................. 
9,604 
577 
6.2 
8.88 
2.8 
147 
26 
Hanover/ 
Brunswick .............. 
5,915 
367 
3.8 
6.47 
2.8 
69 
31 
Cologne/ 
Dusseldorf .............. 
2,893 
166 
1.9 
9.22 
3.5 
67 
8 
Other Core+ 
1,624 
95 
1.0 
9.14 
1.5 
21 
4 
Core (other) ............... 
10,378 
661 
6.7 
6.19 
1.9 
177 
23 
Non-Core .................... 
218 
14 
0.1 
5.93 
2.3 
0 
0 
Total ........................... 
155,408 
9,343 
100.0 
6.71 
1.7 
2,876 
410 
 _______________  
(1) 
Contractually owed rent for rented residential units divided by rental area 
In addition, Deutsche Wohnen places its locations in one of three categories, on the basis of a 
microanalysis: “hotspot”, “growth” and “stable”. This analysis in particular considers information 
relating to changes in rents and prices, sociodemographic aspects and infrastructure. Hotspot locations 
are experiencing dynamic growth and providing the greatest potential for growth. Growth locations are 
continually growing, but at a less dynamic pace. Stable locations exhibit merely moderate growth. The 
8.6%
29.8%29.2%
13.1%
18.3%
0.9%
<= 1918
1919–1949
1950–1969
1970–1979
1980–1999
>= 2000
Year ofconstruction
1.2%
4.0%
23.4%
35.8%
23.6%
6.8%5.4%
<= 4.00
4.01–5.00
5.01–6.00
6.01–7.00
7.01–8.00
8.01–9.00
>= 9.01
In-place rent
(Ø 6.94 EUR/sqm/month)
11%
30%
23%
17%
18%
Apartment size (Ø 60 sqm)
< 40 sqm
40 to < 55 sqm
55 to < 65 sqm
65 to < 75 sqm

--- Page 202 ---
-193- 
 
share of the “hotspot” and “growth” clusters improved from around 71% in 2016 to around 81% in 2020, 
due to the Group’s acquisition and disposal policy. 
For 2020, Deutsche Wohnen’s tenant churn with respect to its total residential portfolio 
amounted to 7.5%, with respect to residential units located in Berlin it amounted to 6.0%. Tenant churn, 
which is also referred to as tenant fluctuation, is derived by dividing the cumulated number of rental 
terminations in the months from January to December by the number of outstanding residential units as 
of December 31 of the relevant year. 
6.2.4 
Portfolio Development 
The Group continuously seeks to optimize its residential property portfolio by means of 
selective acquisitions and disposals. 
In terms of acquisitions, in 2020, Deutsche Wohnen signed contracts for some 2,500 residential 
and commercial units for a total purchase price of approximately €485 million. The majority of these 
are in Core+ markets. 
In addition, Deutsche Wohnen has significantly expanded its New Construction business in 
2020 through the acquisitions of the Munich-based project development company ISARIA Wohnbau 
AG (together with its subsidiaries, the “Isaria Group”) with 13 construction projects comprising a total 
of 2,700 residential units and a 40% participation in the Leipzig-based project development company 
QUARTERBACK Immobilien AG which had a project pipeline of approximately 85 development 
projects with about 9,000 residential units as of December 31, 2020. 
In terms of disposals, in 2020, Deutsche Wohnen effected sales of 8,856 residential units with a 
transfer of risks and rewards. Of these, 233 apartments were sold as part of the privatization programme, 
while institutional sales accounted for 8,623. In 2020, institutional sales delivered a gross margin of 34%, 
thereby contributing to improving portfolio quality through capital recycling. Deutsche Wohnen’s sales 
were mostly made in Core locations with the majority of disposals resulting from the sale of a portfolio 
to an institutional investor comprising properties in the Mannheim/Ludwigshafen, Rhineland and 
Hanover/Brunswick areas. 
In Berlin, the average price per sqm in privatization sales of Deutsche Wohnen in 2020 increased 
to about €3,400 per sqm compared to about €3,200 per sqm in 2019. 
The following table provides an overview of certain key data for disposals which closed in 2020 
and 2019: 
Disposals 
Privatization 
Institutional sales 
Total 
 
2020 
2019 
2020(3) 
2019 
2020 
2019 
No. of units...................................  
233 
314 
8,623 
6,867 
8,856 
7,181 
Proceeds (in € million) .................  
51.2 
90.0 
1,200.4 
677.3 
1,251.6 
767.3 
Book value (in € million)(1) ..........  
38.2 
56.3 
894.5 
513.3 
932.6 
569.6 
Price in € per sqm (residential) ....  
2,955 
3,435(2) 
1,743 
1,614 
n/a 
n/a 
Earnings (in € million)(1) ..............  
8.1 
25.6(2) 
300.6 
160.5 
308.7 
186.1 
Gross margin ................................  
34% 
60% 
34% 
32% 
34% 
35% 
Cash flow impact  
(in € million) ................................  
44.8 
78.6 
1,063.6 
672.0 
1,108.4 
750.6 
 
(1) Earnings from Disposals are reported before disposal induced valuation gains. 
(2) Privatization prices in 2019 were elevated due to a mixed use (commercial/residential) disposal in Berlin at a price of 
approximately €7,100 per sqm (1,300% gross margin). 
(3)  Institutional sales also include the disposal of 13 nursing facilities at book value. 
6.2.5 
Operating Performance 
The following overview shows the changes in in-place rent and vacancy rates in a like-for-like 
comparison, i.e. only for residential properties which were managed by Deutsche Wohnen on a 
consistent basis over the past twelve months.

--- Page 203 ---
-194- 
 
Due to the effects of the rent cap (Mietendeckel) in Berlin, the area-based like-for-like rent in 
the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 decreased by 4.1% to €6.70 per sqm. Excluding 
these effects, the area-based like-for-like rent in the same period increased by 1.6%. 
Like-for-like 
December 31, 
2020 
December 31, 
2020 
December 31, 
2019 
 
December 31, 
2020 
December 31, 
2019 
 
Residential 
units 
In-place rent(1) 
Change of 
in-place rent 
 
Vacancy rate 
 
number 
€/sqm 
in % 
in % 
Total ................................ 
152,494 
6.70 
6.99 
-4.1 
1.7 
1.7 
Core+................................ 
142,540 
6.74 
7.05 
-4.4 
1.7 
1.7 
Greater Berlin ............. 
113,571 
6.52 
6.95 
-6.1 
1.3 
1.4 
Dresden/Leipzig .......... 
9,170 
6.31 
6.12 
3.0 
3.1 
3.9 
Frankfurt ..................... 
9,599 
8.88 
8.76 
1.3 
2.8 
1.7 
Hanover/ 
Brunswick ................... 
5,914 
6.47 
6.35 
1.8 
2.8 
2.8 
Cologne/Dusseldorf .... 
2,662 
9.25 
9.18 
0.8 
3.5 
5.2 
Other Core+ ................. 
1,624 
9.14 
9.05 
1.0 
1.5 
0.9 
Core (Other) ................... 
9,736 
6.18 
6.08 
1.8 
1.8 
2.1 
Non-Core ......................... 
218 
5.93 
5.86 
1.2 
2.3 
2.3 
 _______________  
(1) 
Contractually owed rent for let apartments divided by let surface area 
For the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, Deutsche Wohnen achieved a like-
for-like rental growth on a cash flow basis of 1.3% compared to the same period in 2019, exceeding its 
previously announced guidance for that period of approximately 1.0%. 
6.2.6 
Portfolio Investments 
In 2020, the Group spent €365 million or €36.00 per sqm on maintenance and refurbishment. 
€105 million, or around one-third, was for maintenance and around two-thirds for refurbishment, which 
particularly includes energy-saving improvements to the fabric of the building and the technical 
installations. Of the total refurbishment costs of €260 million, around €104 million were for work 
completed between tenancies and €156 million were for complex refurbishment projects. Usually costs 
for complex refurbishment projects consist of 70% capitalized maintenance costs and some 30% 
modernization expenses which can be charged to the tenants. Compared to 2019, expenditure for 
refurbishment decreased by approximately 30% due to lower tenant fluctuation, on the one hand, and a 
certain reluctance to engage in new complex refurbishment projects in light of regulatory uncertainties 
as well as delays caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, on the other hand. 
As part of its portfolio investments Deutsche Wohnen spent about €1.8 billion on the 
refurbishment and maintenance of its portfolio in the past five years. 
The following table illustrates expenses related to maintenance as well as to refurbishment for 
the years indicated. 
 
2020 
2019 
 
In € million 
(unaudited) 
Maintenance ...................................................................  
105.0 
102.4 
In € per sqm ...............................................................  
10.39(1) 
9.92(1) 
Refurbishment ................................................................  
260.4 
366.7 
In € per sqm ...............................................................  
25.76(1) 
35.53(1) 
Maintenance and refurbishment .................................  
365.4 
469.1 
In € per sqm ..............................................................  
36.15(1) 
45.45(1) 
 ________________  
(1) Based on average surface area on a quarterly basis in each period.

--- Page 204 ---
-195- 
 
In addition to the above investments in the existing portfolio related to maintenance and 
refurbishment, in 2020 the Group invested €116.4 million (in 2019: €56.0 million) in new constructions 
resulting in total investments of €481.8 million in 2020 (in 2019: €525.1 million). 
For 2021, Deutsche Wohnen targets total investment costs of about €900 million (€400-500 
million for new constructions, €300 million for refurbishment and €100 million for maintenance). 
6.2.7 
Project Development 
As of December 31, 2020, Deutsche Wohnen’s New Construction business comprised a project 
pipeline with a total investment volume of approximately €4.1 billion including about 9,000 residential 
units and 1,000 commercial units. These projects are intended to form part of Deutsche Wohnen’s 
property portfolio. In addition, through its 40% participation in Quarterback, a project development 
service provider which also holds an own portfolio of development projects, described below, Deutsche 
Wohnen has access to a project development pipeline comprising aproximately 85 projects with about 
9,000 residential units as of December 31, 2020. While these projects are mainly intended to be sold to 
institutional investors prior to completion, Deutsche Wohnen may decide on a case-by-case basis to 
acquire development projects from Quarterback to have them developed for its own portfolio. Increased 
investment in new residential construction reflects the necessity of tapping into growth potential outside 
of the increasingly scarce supply of existing portfolios. Deutsche Wohnen aims to grow the share of its 
build-to-hold assets to account for around 30% to its total portfolio’s fair value. 
Deutsche Wohnen acquired a 40% stake in Quarterback in August 2020 and  is represented on 
Quarterback’s supervisory board, which consists of in total four members, by one delegate member. 
Deutsche Wohnen also has a nomination right for one additional member (in each case excluding the 
supervisory board’s chair) and holds customary minority rights which are backed by a catalogue of 
reserved matters that was agreed between the Company and Quarterback’s other shareholders in 
connection with the acquisition.  
In February 2021, the Company and Quarterback, entered into a framework agreement pursuant 
to which services in connection with project developments, which in the past had been provided by 
Deutsche Wohnen’s subsidiaries Deutsche Wohnen Construction and Facilities GmbH and ISARIA 
München Projektentwicklungs GmbH (“Isaria München”), will be provided by the Quarterback Group 
in the future (see “6.6.2 Framework Agreement with QUARTERBACK Immobilien AG“). In this 
context, Deutsche Wohnen also contributed Isaria München into Quarterback. By integrating the former 
Isaria Group’s service entity into Quarterback, Deutsche Wohnen seeks to streamline its project 
development processes and efficiency by creating a “center-of competence” platform within the 
Quarterback Group, having a combined pipeline of development projects with a total investment volume 
of €6.9 billion as of the date of this Base Prospectus (for 59% of which a building permission has already 
been obtained while for 41% of these projects a building permission is still outstanding) primarily 
located in Germany’s top eight cities (including Berlin, Dusseldorf, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, 
Cologne, Munich, Stuttgart and Leipzig), while at the same time benefitting from a branch network of 
regional presences in all major German metropolitan areas and 20+ years of track record comprising 
approximately 400 successfully completed projects with approximately 13,000 residential units. 
6.2.8 
Portfolio Valuation 
As of December 31, 2020, Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio experienced a valution uplift to €26.17 
billion from €24.24 billion as of December 31, 2019. This was mainly due to the re-valuation of the 
Group’s portfolio in 2020 resulting in a valuation uplift of €1.66 billion and effects from capitalized 
investments (excluding new constructions) of €0.38 billion as well as taking into account acquisitions 
and disposals. The rebased fair value of Deutsche Wohnen’s portfolio as of December 31, 2019 would 
have amounted to €24.51 billion. 
The overview below shows key valuation figures for the Group’s property portfolio as of 
December 31, 2020(1):

--- Page 205 ---
-196- 
 
 
Macro cluster 
Region 
Residential 
units 
Fair value 
Share of 
fair value 
Fair value 
Multiple 
in-place 
rent 
Multiple 
re-letting 
rent 
 
 
Number 
In € million 
In % 
€/sqm 
 
 
Core+............................................... 
144,812 
25,114 
96.0 
2,774 
34.0(2) 
29.2(3) 
 
Greater Berlin ......... 
114,191 
19,999 
76.4 
2,853 
36.0(2) 
31.5(3) 
 
Dresden/Leipzig ..... 
10,585 
1,808 
6.9 
2,343 
31.0 
25.0 
 
Frankfurt................. 
9,604 
1,798 
6.9 
2,979 
28.3 
22.2 
 
Hanover/ 
Brunswick .............. 
5,915 
684 
2.6 
1,720 
21.8 
18.2 
 
Cologne/Dusseldorf 
2,893 
573 
2.2 
3,302 
30.8 
25.1 
 
Other Core+ ............ 
1,624 
254 
1.0 
2,545 
23.3 
19.6 
Core (other) ................................... 
10,378 
1,039 
4.0 
1,519 
20.5 
17.5 
Non-Core ........................................ 
218 
15 
0.1 
1,059 
14.9 
11.7 
Total ............................................... 
155,408 
26,168 
100.0 
2,683 
33.1 
28.4 
 ________________  
(1) The valuation result was confirmed by an external appraisal from Jones Lang LaSalle. 
(2) Due to the regulatory uncertainties regarding the validity of the law introducing the rent cap (Mietendeckel) in Berlin, the 
Group has calculated the in-place rent multiple for the relevant area also on the basis of a “civil-law-rent” (BGB-Miete) 
which reflects the contractually-owed rent to which rents would increase again if the law was held invalid by courts (see 
also “2.1.4.1 Deutsche Wohnen’s ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already 
extensive and could be further tightened in the future.“). On the basis of such civil-law rent, the multiple in-place rent of 
Deutsche Wohnen’s total Core+ portfolio was 31.5, and 32.9 in Greater Berlin. 
(3)  Calculation of multiple re-letting rent based on “civil law rent” not taking into account rent cap (Mietendeckel) in Berlin 
(cf. note (2) above). 
6.2.9 
Nursing Assets 
The Group’s Nursing and Assisted Living business field comprises 77 nursing properties with 
a total of approximately 10,580 beds and a fair value of €1.2 billion as of December 31, 2020 (as of 
December 2019: approximately 12,200 beds with a fair value of €1.3 billion). A total of 76 of these 
nursing properties are owned by Deutsche Wohnen. This makes the Group one of the largest owners of 
nursing properties in Germany. Deutsche Wohnen has two different business models for its nursing 
properties: 38 nursing facilities (with approximately 5,440 beds) are operated by the wholly-owned 
subsidiaries KATHARINENHOF Seniorenwohn- und Pflegeanlage Betriebs-GmbH (in which Deutsche 
Wohnen acquired the remaining shares to reach a 100% stake in February 2020 (as of December 31, 
2019: 49%) and PFLEGEN & WOHNEN HAMBURG GmbH (in each case together with their 
respective subsidiaries). The other 39 facilities (approximately 5,140 beds) are managed by various 
external operators based on long-term contracts. 
Deutsche Wohnen believes that demographic developments mean that the market for nursing 
care in Germany will continue to grow. Therefore, the Group intends to expand the Nursing segment up 
to 15% of Group EBITDA, in particular by means of new construction and selected acquisitions. In 2020, 
the Nursing segment’s contributution to the Group’s EBITDA (adjusted) excluding Disposals was 
approximately 12%. 
As in the residential segment, Deutsche Wohnen focuses its nursing care activities on cities and 
regions with positive development forecasts, since the need for nursing care and assisted living is 
particularly high there. In this context the Group always ensures that it secures prime properties and 
high-quality nursing and residential care. 
6.3 
Key Indicators 
Deutsche Wohnen believes that the key indicators EBITDA (adjusted), EBITDA (adjusted) 
before Disposals and Funds from Operations (“FFO”) as well as the Cost Ratio and the Adjusted 
EBITDA Margin described in this section constitute significant indicators for measuring the operating 
performance of the Group’s business (“Key Indicators”). Each of these Key Indicators is an alternative

--- Page 206 ---
-197- 
 
performance measure as defined in the guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on October 5, 2015 on alternative performance measures (referred to as the ESMA 
Guidelines). For information on the Group’s LTV Ratio and interest cover ratio, which are also 
alternative performance measures under the ESMA Guidelines, see below “6.4.1 LTV Ratio“ and 
“6.4.2 Interest Cover Ratio“. 
EBITDA (adjusted) is defined as EBITDA plus one-off expenses and minus one-off revenues 
arising in conjunction with one-off events (e.g., restructuring, acquisitions or Disposals). EBITDA 
(adjusted) before Disposals is defined as EBITDA (adjusted) excluding earnings from Disposals. 
Deutsche Wohnen uses the Key Indicator FFO I to measure cash flow from operating activities 
and its performance against budget. FFO I is based on EBITDA excluding earnings from Disposals and 
is then adjusted up or down for non-recurring effects, finance income and/or expenses, and tax income 
and/or expenses with an impact on cash flow. FFO is, from the Company’s perspective, a benchmark, 
liquidity-oriented indicator for property companies which is derived from the Group profit and loss 
account and is the basis for the dividend pay-out. Based on EBITDA (adjusted), adjustments are made 
for any one-off items, non-cash finance expenses/revenues and non-cash tax expenses/revenues. FFO I 
(without Disposals) is adjusted for the earnings from Disposals. FFO II (including Disposals) includes 
the earnings from Disposals as well as staff, general and administrative expenses related to disposals. 
The Key Indicators are not recognized as measures under IFRS and should not be considered as 
substitutes for figures such as earnings before taxes, profit, cash flow from operating activities or other 
financial figures determined in accordance with IFRS, or as measures of profitability or liquidity. The 
Key Indicators do not necessarily indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for Deutsche 
Wohnen’s cash requirements. They are not indicative of Deutsche Wohnen’s historical operating results 
and are not meant to be indicative of future results. Because not all companies calculate these measures 
and figures in the same way, Deutsche Wohnen’s presentation of the Key Indicators is not necessarily 
comparable with similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 
2020 
2019 
 
In € million, unless otherwise indicated 
 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated) 
Earnings from Residential Property Management .......... 
720.4 
729.8 
Earnings from Disposals ................................................. 
20.4 
186.1 
Earnings from Nursing and Assisted Living .................. 
82.0 
88.3 
Corporate expenses ......................................................... 
-105.9 
-101.4 
Other operating expenses/income ................................... 
-30.2 
-29.7 
EBITDA before result of adjustments to the fair 
value of investment properties(1) ............................... 
686.7 
873.1 
Measurement of current assets (properties) .................... 
1.3 
0.4 
Valuation gains due to Disposals.................................... 
288.3 
0.0 
Other non-recurring expenses and income ..................... 
31.1(4) 
23.8(5) 
Restructuring and reorganisation expenses .................... 
2.7 
3.9 
EBITDA (adjusted) ...................................................... 
1,010.1 
901.2 
Earnings from Disposals ................................................. 
-20.4 
-186.1 
Valuation gains due to Disposals.................................... 
-288.3 
0.0 
Staff, general and administration expenses  
of Disposals ................................................................. 
3.4 
3.5 
EBITDA (adjusted) before Disposals .......................... 
704.8 
718.6 
Long-term remuneration component (share-based) ........ 
-0.1 
0.0 
Finance leasing broadband cable networks .................... 
3.1 
2.9 
At-equity valuation ......................................................... 
2.4 
2.8 
Interest expense/income ................................................. 
-132.4 
-130.9 (6) 
Income taxes ................................................................... 
-24.0 
-30.3 (7) 
Minority interests ............................................................ 
-9.7 
-10.0 
FFO I ............................................................................. 
544.1 
553.1 (6), (7) 
Earnings from Disposals ................................................. 
20.4 
186.1

--- Page 207 ---
-198- 
 
Staff, general and administration expenses  
of Disposals ................................................................. 
-3.4 
-3.5 
Valuation gains due to Disposals.................................... 
288.3 
0.0 
Income taxes due to Disposals........................................ 
-43.4 
-9.4(5) 
FFO II ............................................................................ 
806.0 
726.3 (6) 
FFO I per share in € (undiluted)(2) .................................. 
1.56 
1.54 (6), (7) 
FFO I per share in € (diluted)(3) ...................................... 
1.56 
1.54 (6), (7) 
FFO II per share in € (undiluted)(2) ................................. 
2.32 
2.03 (6) 
FFO II per share in € (diluted)(3) ..................................... 
2.32 
2.03 (6) 
 ________________  
(1) Audited. 
(2) Based on a weighted average of approximately 347.85 million shares in circulation in 2020 (without own shares) and 
approximately 358.09 million in 2019. 
(3) Based on the weighted average of approximately 347.85 million outstanding shares in 2020 (without own shares) and 
approximately 358.09 million in 2019; each assuming conversion of the convertible bonds that are in the money. 
(4)  For the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2020 other non-recurring expenses were predominantly driven by real estate 
transfer tax in relation to the acquisition of the Isaria Group. 
(5)  For the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2019 other non-recurring expenses were predominantly driven by non-recurring 
effects resulting from the ongoing valuation proceedings (Spruchverfahren) in connection with the Domination Agreement 
between the Company and GSW. 
(6) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Group for the first time made use of the option under IAS 23 of 
capitalizing borrowing costs for qualifying assets accounted for at fair value with respect to investment properties. This 
concerns the project development business of the Isaria Group which has been fully consolidated in the Group since July 1, 
2020. In line with IAS 8, the amounts for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2019 were adjusted accordingly in the 
combined management report included in the Group’s annual report as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 
(the “Annual Report 2020”) as set out in the table above. In the Group’s annual report as of and for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2019 (the “Annual Report 2019”) the combined management report shows Interest expense/income, FFO I, 
FFO II, FFO I per share in € (undiluted), FFO I per share in € (diluted), FFO II per share in € (undiluted) and FFO II per 
share in € (diluted) in the amount of €-136.5 million, €538.1 million, €720.7 million, €1.50, €1.50, €2.01 and €2.01, 
respectively. 
(7) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Group changed the calculation method of FFO I such that taxes due to 
Disposals are no longer included in FFO I. The amounts for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2019 were adjusted 
accordingly in the combined management report included in the Annual Report 2020 as set out in the table above. In the 
Annual Report 2019 the combined management report shows Income taxes, FFO I, FFO I per share in € (undiluted) and 
FFO I per share in € (diluted) in the amount of €-39.7 million, €538.1 million, €1.50 and €1.50, respectively. 
All rental income from broadband cable networks is included in the calculation of FFO, 
regardless of whether the corresponding contracts are classified in the IFRS consolidated financial 
statements as finance leases or operating leases with Deutsche Wohnen as lessor. To this extent, the 
rental payments agreed under civil law and which impact cash flow are shown as rental income, although 
they are classified as interest and debt repayments in the consolidated financial statements. 
The calculation of the Group’s Cost Ratio for 2020 and 2019, which is defined as corporate 
expenses (excluding corporate expenses for disposals) divided by gross rental income, including lease 
income, is set forth below: 
December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 
(in € million) 
  
  
Corporate expenses ..................................................................... 
105.9 
101.4 
Corporate expenses for Disposals ............................................... 
-3.4 
-3.5 
102.5 
97.9 
 
 
 
Gross rental income ..................................................................... 
837.6 
837.3 
Lease income(1) ............................................................................ 
65.2 
72.2 
902.8 
909.5 
 
 
 
Cost Ratio in % ......................................................................... 
11.4 
10.8 
 
(1) Includes lease income from nursing facilities let to third parties (for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2020: €38.3 
million; for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2019: €45.4 million) and lease income from nursing facilities let within

--- Page 208 ---
-199- 
 
the Group (for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2020: €26.9 million; for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 
2019: €26.8 million).  
The calculation of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA Margin for 2020 and 2019, which is defined 
as EBITDA (adjusted) before Disposals divided by gross rental income including lease income, is set 
forth below: 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(unaudited) 
EBITDA (adjusted) before Disposals  
in € million ............................................................................... 
704.8 
718.6 
Gross rental income including lease income  
in € million ............................................................................... 
902.8 
909.5 
Adjusted EBITDA Margin in % ................................................ 
78.1 
79.0 
 
6.4 
Capital Structure 
Deutsche Wohnen’s net financial liabilities (including convertible bonds) as of December 31, 
2020, increased to €10,840.1 million compared to €9,339.0 million as of December 31, 2019, due to the 
addition of new bonds and loans that exceeded repayments as well as the non-cash takeover of liabilities 
in connection with the acquisition of the Isaria Group. Even with the new funding, the average interest 
rate remained stable year on year at around 1.2%. As of December 31, 2020, the ratio of the Group’s 
total net financial liabilities to total assets stood at 35.2%. 
The average term to maturity of the Group’s loans, convertible bonds and bonds was 6.8 years 
as of December 31, 2020. The hedging ratio, which is defined as the ratio of financial liabilities, 
convertible bonds and corporate bonds at fixed interest rates or with interest rate hedges to the total 
nominal value of financial liabilities, convertible bonds and corporate bonds, came to approximately 
89% as of December 31, 2020 (2019: 88%). 
6.4.1 
LTV Ratio 
The LTV Ratio (i.e., the ratio of the total net financial liabilities to the value of investment 
properties plus non-current assets held for sale, land and buildings held for sale as well as investments 
in, and loans to, property and land-owning companies) stood at 37% as of December 31, 2020, which 
was in Deutsche Wohnen’s LTV ratio target range of 35-40%. 
The following table shows the calculation of the LTV Ratio for the periods shown: 
As of  
December 31, 2020 
As of 
December 31, 2019 
(in € million) 
  
  
Financial liabilities ...................................................................... 
6,525.1 
6,327.7 
Convertible bonds ....................................................................... 
1,768.7 
1,682.8 
Corporate bonds .......................................................................... 
3,129.6 
2,014.1 
 
11,423.4 
10,024.6 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................... 
-583.3 
-685.6 
Net financial liabilities .............................................................. 
10,840.1 
9,339.0 
 
 
 
Investment properties .................................................................. 
28,069.5 
25,433.3 
 
less right-of-use assets held as investment properties 
from leases) ................................................................................. 
-51.6 
-62.8 
Non-current assets held for sale .................................................. 
163.6 
571.2 
Land and buildings held for sale ................................................. 
472.2 
468.9 
Investments in property and land-owning companies ................. 
361.9 
4.6(1) 
Loans to property and land-owning companies .......................... 
252.3 
0.0(1)

--- Page 209 ---
-200- 
 
 
29,267.9 
26,415.2(1) 
  
  
Loan-to-Value ratio in % ......................................................... 
37.0 
35.4 
 
(1) For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Group changed the calculation method of the LTV Ratio to include 
equity investments in, and loans to, property and land-owning companies. The amounts for the fiscal year ended on 
December 31, 2019 were adjusted accordingly in the combined management report included in the Annual Report 2020 
as set out in the table above. 
6.4.2 
Interest Cover Ratio 
The calculation of the Group’s interest coverage ratio (“ICR”) for 2019 and 2020, which is 
defined as EBITDA (adjusted) excluding Disposals divided by current interest expenses and interest 
income, is set forth below for the periods shown: 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(unaudited) 
EBITDA (adjusted) before Disposals  
in € million ............................................................................... 
704.8 
718.6 
Current interest expenses and interest income  
in € million(1) ............................................................................ 
136.9 
126.1 
ICR ............................................................................................... 
5.1 
5.7 
 _______________  
(1) Current interest expenses and interest income do not include interest income from finance leases for broadband cable 
networks. 
 
6.4.3 
Maturity Profile 
The following chart provides an overview of the Group’s debt maturity profile by type of debt. 
 
As of December 31, 2020, the Group’s debt consisted of 57% secured bank debt and 43% 
unsecured debt (including 14% convertible bonds and 29% other unsecured debt, but excluding 
commercial paper). 
Deutsche Wohnen has access to almost € 1.0 billion in short-term liquidity, consisting of 
revolving credit facilities in an aggregate amount of €400 million, which have been prolonged until 
2022, and a commercial paper program. 
9
38
748
223
1,069
810
864
1,314
586
513
375
800
800
595
595
200
100
120
60
80
60
1,333
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
≥2031
Bank Debt
Convertible Bonds
Bonds
Pvt. Placements
1 
As of December 31, 2020 
Maturity profile in EUR m based on notional amounts
1

--- Page 210 ---
-201- 
 
6.5 
Litigation 
In the course of their business activities, the companies of the Deutsche Wohnen Group are 
regularly parties to rental and warranty disputes as well as labor law disputes. However, except for the 
circumstances described below, no company of Deutsche Wohnen Group is currently, or has been in the 
past twelve months, party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Company’s 
and/or Group’s financial position or profitability. 
On April 30, 2014, the Company entered into the Domination Agreement with GSW. The 
Domination Agreement was approved by Deutsche Wohnen’s annual general meeting held on June 11, 
2014 and by GSW’s annual general meeting held on June 18, 2014 and became effective with the 
registration with the Commercial Register on September 4, 2014. Pursuant to the Domination 
Agreement, shareholders of GSW may demand the exchange of 3 shares in GSW for 7 shares in 
Deutsche Wohnen. In 2015, the Exchange Ratio was adjusted to 7.079 shares of the Company for 
3 shares of GSW due to a capital increase of the Company. GSW shareholders who decide to continue 
to hold GSW shares will be paid a guaranteed gross dividend of €1.66 per share. Shareholders of GSW 
instituted a valuation proceeding (Spruchverfahren) pursuant to the German Appraisal Proceedings Act 
(Spruchverfahrensgesetz) against the Company before the Regional Court of Berlin (Landgericht Berlin). 
In their complaint, GSW’s shareholders claim in particular that the compensation offered by Deutsche 
Wohnen is not adequate. Deutsche Wohnen believes that the compensation offered was appropriate and 
that the proceedings will be dismissed in court. 
In 2018, Burning Bush Ltd. filed a claim for commission against GSW relating to the acquisition 
of a portfolio of around 4,000 residential units in Berlin for approximately €655 million by Deutsche 
Wohnen in 2017 on the basis of an earlier mandate from 2013, demanding payment of approximately 
€9.8 million plus interest. At the beginning of 2020, the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Berlin as 
competent court of first instance fully dismissed the claim. Burning Bush Ltd. filed an appeal against 
the judgement which is now pending before the Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) of Berlin. 
On October 30, 2019, the competent supervisory authority Berlin Commissioner for Data 
Protection and Freedom of Information (Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit) 
issued a fine of €14.5 million against Deutsche Wohnen for alleged data protection violations due to the 
use of a data archival solution of Deutsche Wohnen that has already been replaced. Deutsche Wohnen 
has appealed against this fine, whereupon the Regional Court (Landgericht) of Berlin dismissed the 
claim in February 2021. However, the office of the public prosecutor as competent authority has filed 
an appeal against this decision which is currently still pending. 
6.6 
Material Agreements  
The following summarizes the material agreements of Deutsche Wohnen that were not entered 
into in the ordinary course of Deutsche Wohnen’s business and could result in a member of the Deutsche 
Wohnen Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Deutsche Wohnen’s ability 
to meet its obligations to Holders of the Notes. 
6.6.1 
Enterprise Agreements 
6.6.1.1 
Domination Agreement between the Company and GSW  
Following the completion of an exchange offer, the Company, as the controlling company, and 
GSW, as the controlled company, entered into the Domination Agreement on April 30, 2014. Following 
the approval by the general meetings of both parties to the agreement, the Domination Agreement 
entered into force upon registration in the commercial register of GSW on September 4, 2014.

--- Page 211 ---
-202- 
 
Under the Domination Agreement, GSW assigned the management control (Leitung) of its 
company to the Company. Accordingly, the Company is entitled to issue instructions (Weisungen) which 
are binding for the management board of GSW, both generally and with regard to individual cases. 
Pursuant to the Domination Agreement, the Company guarantees the Minority GSW 
Shareholders a fixed annual payment in the form of a guaranteed dividend for the duration of the 
agreement. The guaranteed gross dividend amounts to €1.66 for each share of GSW for each entire fiscal 
year of GSW. 
Furthermore, the Company undertook, at the request of a Minority GSW Shareholder, to acquire 
a Minority GSW Shareholder’s registered shares in GSW in exchange for bearer shares in the Company 
in the Exchange Ratio of 7 shares of the Company for 3 registered shares of GSW within a defined 
period which ended on November 4, 2014. In 2015, the Exchange Ratio was adjusted to 7.079 shares of 
the Company for 3 shares of GSW due to a capital increase of the Company. 
As appraisal proceedings were initiated pursuant to the German Act on Appraisal Proceedings 
(Spruchverfahrensgesetz), Minority GSW Shareholders that have not exchanged their GSW shares are 
entitled to exchange their GSW shares into new Deutsche Wohnen shares at the same conditions as set 
forth in the settlement offer or, as the case may be, as amended in the appraisal proceeding or in a 
settlement reached in the course of or in connection with such proceeding, until two months after the 
initial judgment regarding the last appraisal motion is announced in the German Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). 
Pursuant to the German Act on Appraisal Proceedings (Spruchverfahrensgesetz), the court could 
adjudicate a higher settlement. In this case, former Minority GSW Shareholders can also require a 
corresponding supplement to the compensation that they have already received. The same applies in the 
event that the Company grants a higher compensation for a shareholder of GSW to settle potential claims 
arising out of or in connection with proceedings pursuant to section 1 number 1 German Act on Appraisal 
Proceedings (Spruchverfahrensgesetz). 
6.6.1.2 
Other Enterprise Agreements 
The Company has further entered into domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreements with 
the following subsidiaries in order to create fiscal units for tax purposes. 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Fondsbeteiligungs GmbH (domination and profit-and-loss transfer 
agreement); 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Management- und Servicegesellschaft mbH (domination and profit-and-
loss transfer agreement); 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Zweite Fondsbeteiligungs GmbH (domination and profit-and-loss 
transfer agreement); 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Corporate Real Estate GmbH (domination and profit-and-loss transfer 
agreement); 
 
Rhein-Pfalz Wohnen GmbH (domination agreement); 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Management GmbH (profit-and-loss transfer agreement); 
 
Deutsche Wohnen Immobilien Management GmbH (profit-and-loss transfer agreement);  
 
Deutsche Wohnen Construction and Facilities GmbH (profit-and-loss transfer agreement); 
 
Larry I Targetco (Berlin) GmbH (domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreement); and 
 
Larry II Targetco (Berlin) GmbH (domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreement). 
Under the domination and profit-and-loss transfer agreements, the respective subsidiary has 
given the Company control over the management of its company. Furthermore, the subsidiaries must 
transfer their annual net profit or loss as it would have been calculated without the transfer of profit-and-

--- Page 212 ---
-203- 
 
losses to the Company. In exchange, the Company is obligated to offset any annual shortfalls that may 
arise at the level of the subsidiaries. The control and profit-and-loss transfer agreements have a minimum 
term of five years and can be terminated with a notice period of six months following this fixed term. 
Otherwise they are automatically extended for one more year. However, the right of the parties to cancel 
the agreements for due cause without notice shall not be affected. These provisions apply mutatis 
mutandis to the stand-alone profit-and-loss transfer agreements, save that the respective subsidiary does 
not cede control to Deutsche Wohnen SE. 
6.6.2 
Framework Agreement with QUARTERBACK Immobilien AG 
Following the acquisition of a 40% stake in Quarterback in August 2020, on February 4, 2021, 
the Company and Quarterback entered into a framework agreement relating to the provision of services 
in connection with a significant portion of Deutsche Wohnen’s project developments (the “Framework 
Agreement”). Pursuant to the Framework Agreement, services that had previously been provided to 
certain of Deutsche Wohnen’s project development asset companies by Deutsche Wohnen’s subsidiaries 
Deutsche Wohnen Construction and Facilities GmbH and ISARIA München shall in the future be 
provided by the Quarterback Group. For that purpose, among other things, Deutsche Wohnen 
contributed ISARIA München into Quarterback for a purchase price of €12.5 million on 16 February 
2021. The relevant project developments are categorized by development phases. Phase 1 includes 
projects where the legal basis (in particular the development plan) for building approvals still has to be 
adopted, while phase 2 includes projects wich have already entered into the actual development process. 
The services to be provided by Quarterback and the fees to be paid by Deutsche Wohnen to Quarterback 
in return depend, among other matters, on the phase of the relevant project and the planned and actually 
incurred investment costs. 
The term of the Framework Agreement ends on December 31, 2025. However, if neither party 
terminates the Framework Agreement within a certain notice period, the term of the Framework 
Agreement is automatically extended by one additional year. 
6.6.3 
Financing Agreements  
 Deutsche Wohnen Group has entered into various loan agreements. In addition to the loan 
agreements described in detail below, Deutsche Wohnen Group companies have entered into a large 
number of other loan agreements with several banks, most of which were granted for the purpose of 
financing real estate. They are typically secured by land charges, assignments of rental payments and 
account pledge agreements. The general terms and conditions of the relevant lender typically form part 
of the individual loan agreements. The general terms and conditions include, in particular, provisions 
regarding the event of defaults related to the commercial situation of the borrower in question and/or a 
change of control. Some loan agreements prohibit the assignment of borrower rights without the prior 
written consent of the lender. Some of the loan agreements include negative pledges. 
6.6.3.1 
Credit Agreement between GSW and Berlin Hyp AG  
As of June 8, 2018, GSW as borrower and Berlin Hyp AG, Berlin, Germany (“Berlin Hyp”), 
as lender, entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”). The Credit Agreement provides 
for three loan facilities in an aggregate amount of €625 million (balance as of December 31, 2020: €625 
million). 
Under the Credit Agreement, Berlin Hyp granted GSW three loan facilities in an amount of 
€271.4 million (“Facility 1”), an amount of €142 million (“Facility 2”) and an amount of €211.6 million 
(“Facility 3”). 
Facility 1 amortizes in a lump sum repayment due on March 31, 2023, Facility 2 and Facility 3 
each amortize in lump sum repayments due on May 31, 2028.  
The Credit Agreement provides for certain contingent unscheduled repayments: Unless GSW 
provides equivalent surrogate collateral, the agreement stipulates that if units from the real estate

--- Page 213 ---
-204- 
 
portfolio which were pledged as collateral are sold, unscheduled repayments must be made from the 
sales’ proceeds. 
In addition to land charges, GSW has provided Berlin Hyp with certain collateral as loan security, 
including the following: 
 
an assignment by GSW of all rights and claims arising out of interest rate hedge agreements; 
 
an assignment by GSW of all current or future rights to receive payments under the lease 
agreements regarding properties pledged as collateral under the Credit Agreement; and 
 
pledges by GSW of all balances regarding a collection account for repayment amounts. 
6.6.3.2 
Credit Agreement between GSW and PBB 
On March 31, 2017, GSW as borrower entered into a loan agreement with Deutsche 
Pfandbriefbank AG (“PBB”) as bank over an initial loan of €260,000,000. The loan amount was 
increased to €360,000,000 in an amendment executed on May 23. 2019. Following this amendment the 
loan is divided into the following four tranches: Tranche 1 over a loan amount of €40,000,000, Tranche 
2 over a loan amount of €220,000,000, Tranche 3 over a loan amount of €20,000,000 and Tranche 4 
over a loan amount of €80,000,000. 
Final maturity of all four tranches is in 2027. Prior to that, the loan agreement provides for 
regular linear amortization of 1% p.a. for Tranches 1, 3 and 4 and for annity repayments (annuitätische 
Tilgung) in an initial amount of 1% p.a. for Tranche 2. In all cases, regular amortization increases if the 
LtV for the relevant portfolio exceeds certain tresholds. 
In addition to land charges, GSW has provided PBB with certain further security, including the 
following: 
 
an assignment by GSW of all rights and claims arising out of interest rate hedge agreements; 
 
an assignment by GSW of all current or future rights to receive payments under the lease 
agreements regarding properties pledged as collateral under the Credit Agreement; and 
 
pledges by GSW of all balances regarding a collection account for repayment amounts. 
6.6.4 
Notes and convertible bonds 
The table below provides an overview of outstanding bonds issued by the Company as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Type 
Tenor 
ISIN 
Outstanding 
Pricnciple 
Amount 
Issue price / 
Initial 
Conversion 
Price 
Coupon 
Final 
Maturity 
Date 
Fixed-rate 
€-Notes 
5 years 
DE000A289NE4 
595 million 
98.910%(1) 
1.00% 
April 30, 
2025 
Fixed Rate 
€-Notes 
10 years 
DE000A289NF1 
595 million 
98.211%(2) 
1.50% 
April 30, 
2030 
€-
Convertible 
Bonds 
7 years 
and 5 
months 
DE000A2BPB84 
800 million 
€48.5775 
0.325% 
July 26, 
2024 
€-
Convertible 
Bonds 
8 years 
and 
3 months DE000A2GS377 
800 million 
€50.8460 
0.60% 
January 5, 
2026 
 ____________

--- Page 214 ---
-205- 
 
(1) Issue price for the originally issued notes in an aggregate nominal amount of €500 million; this series of notes 
was further increased to €595 million by way of a tap issuance for which the issue price was 99.710%. 
(2) Issue price for the originally issued notes in an aggregate nominal amount of €500 million; this series of notes 
was further increased to €595 million by way of a tap issuance for which the issue price was 100.424%. 
In addition, the Company has over the last few years issued various series of fixed or floating 
rate bearer notes (Inhaberschuldverschreibungen) and registered notes (Namensschuldverschreibungen) 
with varying maturities via private placements to banks and institutional investors. The largest 
instruments of this type issued by the Company are fixed rate bearer notes with a term until 2031 and an 
interest rate of 1.625% that were initially issued in a nominal amount of €327,000,000 and were 
subsequently increased by way of three tap increases to their current aggregate nominal amount of 
€500,000,000. 
The terms and conditions of the bearer notes and registered notes issued by the Company contain 
certain covenants limiting the incurrence of new financial indebtedness by Deutsche Wohnen. These 
covenants relate to Deutsche Wohnen’s loan-to-value ratio and its interest coverage ratio. 
6.6.5 
System Provider Agreement 
Deutsche Wohnen has entered into a system provider agreement with B&O Service Berlin 
GmbH for building management of its entire real estate portfolio (except for facilities for senior citizens) 
with a total annual volume of €67 million as of December 31, 2020. Above all, the agreement involves 
servicing technical building systems, maintenance, tenant changes and processing of insured losses. To 
facilitate the implementation of the contracts, the service provider has been integrated into the Group’s 
SAP system. 
6.7 
Management and Supervision 
6.7.1 
Overview 
The Company’s corporate bodies are the Management Board (Vorstand), the supervisory board 
(Aufsichtsrat, the “Supervisory Board”) and the general meeting (Hauptversammlung). 
All members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board may be reached at the 
Company’s registered office at Mecklenburgische Straße 57, 14197 Berlin, Germany (telephone: +49 
(0) 30 89786-0). 
6.7.2 
Management Board  
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Management Board must consist of at least two 
persons and the Supervisory Board determines the exact number of the members of the Management 
Board. The Supervisory Board may appoint a Management Board member as chairman of the 
Management Board (CEO) and deputy members of the Management Board. 
The table below lists the current members of the Management Board: 
Name 
Member since 
Appointed until 
Responsibilities 
 
 
 
 
Michael Zahn (CEO) 
September 1, 2007 
December 31, 2023 
– 
Strategy 
– 
M&A/Disposals 
– 
Corporate 
Communication 
– 
Human Resources 
– 
IT 
– 
Nursing and Assisted 
Living 
 
 
 
 
Philip Grosse (CFO) 
September 1, 2016 
August 31, 2024 
– 
Corporate Finance

--- Page 215 ---
-206- 
 
Name 
Member since 
Appointed until 
Responsibilities 
– 
Accounting & Tax 
– 
Investor Relations & 
Sustainability 
Management 
– 
Legal 
– 
Controlling 
 
 
 
 
Henrik Thomsen (CDO) 
October 1, 2019 
December 31, 2023 
– 
New Construction 
– 
Portfolio Investments 
–  
Technical Infrastructure 
–  
Digitization 
 
 
 
 
Lars Urbansky (COO) 
April 1, 2019 
March 31, 2023 
– 
Customer 
Communication & 
Service Strategy 
– 
Commercial and 
Technical Inventory 
Management 
 
 
 
 
6.7.3 
Supervisory Board 
The following table lists the members of Supervisory Board and the positions they hold outside 
the Company. 
Name 
Member since 
Appointed until 
Committee Memberships 
Principal occupation outside 
the Company 
Matthias Hünlein 
(Chairman) 
June 28, 2000 
2024 general 
meeting 
Executive and Nomination 
Committee 
Capital Market and 
Acquisition Committee 
Managing Director of 
Tishman Speyer Properties 
Deutschland GmbH, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Jürgen Fenk 
(Deputy Chairman) 
October 1, 2017 
2022 general 
meeting 
Executive and Nomination 
Committee 
Audit Committee 
CEO of Stone Holding 
SASU, Paris, France 
(Primonial Group)  
Arwed Fischer 
June 18, 2019 
2022 general 
meeting 
Executive and Nomination 
Committee 
Capital Market and 
Acquisition Committee 
Member of various 
Supervisory Boards 
Kerstin Günther 
June 5, 2020 
2023 general 
meeting 
Audit Committee 
Commercial and Technical 
Director of Helmholtz 
Zentrum München 
Deutsches 
Forschungszentrum für 
Gesundheit und Umwelt 
(GmbH), Munich 
Tina Kleingarn 
June 15, 2018 
2023 general 
meeting 
Capital Market and 
Acquisition Committee 
Partner of Westend 
Corporate Finance, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Dr. Florian Stetter 
March 23, 2006 
2021 general 
meeting 
Audit Committee 
Chairman and member of 
the management board of 
Rockhedge Asset 
Management AG, Krefeld 
6.7.4 
No Potential Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Company of the members of 
the Management Board and Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 216 ---
-207- 
 
6.8 
Recent Developments 
There have been no recent events particular to the Company which are relevant to the evaluation 
of the Company’s solvency. 
6.9 
Trend Information and No Adverse Change 
Since December 31, 2020, there have been no significant changes in the financial position or 
performance of Deutsche Wohnen and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Company.

--- Page 217 ---
-208- 
 
7 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general 
corporate purposes unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. In particular, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of 
Notes specifically to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Assets as defined in the Issuer’s 
Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 218 ---
-209- 
 
8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
8.1 
Subscription 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated March 25, 2021 (the 
“Dealer Agreement”) which sets out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the 
Programme, may from time to time be agreed to be purchased by any one or more Dealers from the 
Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and 
the commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. 
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about the date of the relevant Final Terms 
applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
8.2 
Selling Restrictions 
8.2.1 
General 
Each Dealer has undertaken to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
jurisdiction in which it acquires, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this 
Base Prospectus (in preliminary, proof or final form) or any such other materials and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
8.2.2 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in 
accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transactions not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell, or deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal 
Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S, as 
amended. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 219 ---
-210- 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings ascribed to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
8.2.3 
European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
8.2.4 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (United Kingdom) 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
8.2.5 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under

--- Page 220 ---
-211- 
 
the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes has not nor will be circulated or distributed, 
nor have the Notes, nor will they be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (1) to an 
institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one 
or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an 
accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited 
investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not 
be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
8.2.6 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term 
as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a 
resident of Japan except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines of Japan. 
8.2.7 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that with regard to Switzerland this Base Prospectus is not intended to 
constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described therein. The Notes may 
not be publicly offered directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading on any exchange or other 
trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 221 ---
-212- 
 
9 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 222 ---
-213- 
 
10 GENERAL INFORMATION 
10.1 Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the 
time being, that if at any time during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this 
Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights 
attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, 
as the case may be, publish a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of Notes. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Art. 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
Interests of the Dealers  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of 
the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Furthermore, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
10.2 Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorized by the Management Board on March 24, 
2021. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the relevant governing bodies of the Issuer regarding 
the issuance of a Series of Notes are set out in each Final Terms. 
10.3 Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg (“CBL”) and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (“CBF”). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 223 ---
-214- 
 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations may be (i) deposited with either Clearstream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant 
with the new global note structure for international bearer debt securities and will be kept in safe custody 
with a common safekeeper (“CSK”) to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the International 
Central Securities Depositories (the “ICSDs”). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
10.4 Legal Entity Identifier 
Please refer to “6.1.1 Formation, Name and Commercial Register Entry“. 
10.5 Ratings48 of the Issuer  
S&P49 has assigned the long-term credit rating “A-”50 (negative outlook) to the Issuer. 
Moody’s51 has assigned the long-term credit rating “A3”52 (negative outlook) to the Issuer. 
10.6 Documents Available 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
So long as Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding (and in the case of the following 
items (a) and (c), for a period of at least ten years commencing with the publication of this Base 
Prospectus), electronic copies of the following documents will also be available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.deutsche-wohnen.com) under the “Investor Relations” section: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the 
hyperlink: https://www.deutsche-wohnen.com/emtn2021); 
(b) 
the Articles of Association (accessed by using the hyperlink: https://ir.deutsche-
wohnen.com/websites/dewohnen/English/4900/articles-of-association.html); and 
(c) 
the documents incorporated herein by reference (accessed by using the hyperlinks set 
out in the section “11 Documents Incorporated By Reference“ below). 
                                                     
48  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being able 
to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
49 
S&P is S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd., established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption 
of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of 
the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
50 
S&P defines “A-” as follows: “An obligor rated ‘A’ has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. […] The ratings 
from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.” 
51 
Moody’s is Moody’s Deutschland GmbH, established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
52 
Moody’s defines “A3” as follows: “Obligations rated A are considered upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. […] 
Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.”

--- Page 224 ---
-215- 
 
11 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages set forth below, which refer to Deutsche Wohnen’s Annual Reports 2019 and 2020 
that have previously been published and filed with the CSSF, shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such documents, 
i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere 
in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, incorporated by reference were prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to 
Section 315e para. 1 HGB.  
The auditor’s reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) with respect to the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, 
incorporated by reference refer to the complete consolidated financial statements, comprising 
consolidated balance sheet, consolidated profit and loss statement, consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of cash flows, consolidated statement of changes in 
equity, and notes to the consolidated finanancial statements, together with the group management report 
of Deutsche Wohnen SE for the financial years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The 
respective group management reports are not included in this Base Prospectus. The above-mentioned 
auditor’s reports and consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective German-
language documents. 
11.1 Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2020 (IFRS) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2020 set forth on the following pages of Deutsche Wohnen’s Annual Report 
2020 shall be incorporated by reference: 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ........................................................................... pages 142-143 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement ......................................................... page 144 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................... page 145 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .......................................................... pages 146-147 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ............................................... pages 148-149 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements............................................. pages 150-231 
Independent Auditor’s Report ........................................................................ pages 232-242 
11.2 Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2019 (IFRS) 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2019 set forth on the following pages of Deutsche Wohnen’s Annual Report 
2019 shall be incorporated by reference: 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ........................................................................... pages 122-123 
Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement ......................................................... page 124 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................... page 125 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .......................................................... page 126-127 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ............................................... page 128-129 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements............................................. pages 130-201

--- Page 225 ---
-216- 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report ........................................................................ pages 202-210 
Upon written or oral request, the Issuer will provide a copy of any or all of the documents 
containing information incorporated by reference free of charge. Requests for such documents should 
be directed to the Issuer at its registered office as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus.  
The documents containing information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have 
been published on the Issuer’s website (www.deutsche-wohnen.de) under the “Investor Relations” 
section and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference can also be accessed by using 
the following hyperlinks: 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2020: 
https://ir.deutsche-
wohnen.com/download/companies/dewohnen/Annual%20Reports/DW_Annual_Report_2020_EN.pdf 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Wohnen SE as of and for the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2019:  
https://ir.deutsche-
wohnen.com/download/companies/dewohnen/Annual%20Reports/DE000A0HN5C6-JA-2019-EQ-E-
02.pdf

--- Page 226 ---
-217- 
 
 
NAMES AND ADRESSES 
 
ISSUER 
 
Deutsche Wohnen SE 
Mecklenburgische Straße 57 
14197 Berlin 
Germany 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany] 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
 
UBS AG, London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
 Klingelhöferstraße 18 
10785 Berlin  
Germany

--- Page 227 ---
-218- 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
as to German and United States law 
 
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 
Neue Mainzer Strasse 52 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to the laws of Luxembourg 
 
Arendt & Medernach SA  
41A avenue JF Kennedy  
L-2082 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE DEALERS 
 
as to German and United States law 
 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt 
Germany