--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
Dated 4 April 2023 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") of Deutsche Telekom AG in respect 
of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany 
 
EUR 35,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to trade Notes on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market (the "Regulated Market") for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (EU) 2014/65 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
(as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany 
("Germany"), The Netherlands, the Republic of Ireland and the Republic of Austria, with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). 
The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the 
European Economic Area with a Notification.  
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any 
undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 
relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) by approving this Prospectus. Potential investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by potential investors in 
connection with an investment in any of the Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus has been filed with the CSSF and will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(http://www.telekom.com/bonds). This Prospectus succeeds the Prospectus dated 31 March 2022 pertaining to the 
Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Responsibility Statement 
Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche Telekom AG", the "Issuer" or the "Company" and together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, "Deutsche Telekom", the "Group" or "Deutsche Telekom Group") with its 
registered office in Bonn is solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Notice 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (the "Reference Documents"). Full information on the Issuer and 
any tranche of Notes (as hereinafter defined) is only available on the basis of this Prospectus as 
supplemented, together with the Reference Documents and the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers specified under "Names and Addresses" below and any additional 
dealer appointed from time to time under the Programme (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that 
this Prospectus contains, as of the date hereof, all information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which 
is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; that the 
information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate in all material respects and 
is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on 
reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts, the omission of which would make any statement, 
whether fact or opinion, in this Prospectus misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts and to verify the accuracy of all statements contained herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, 
is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms 
or any other Reference Document, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of these documents. 
This Prospectus is valid until its expiration on 4 April 2024 and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. There is no obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
when this Prospectus is no longer valid. The delivery of this Prospectus as supplemented or any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus at 
any time after submission of this Prospectus for approval to the CSSF if and when the information herein 
should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of any significant new factor, that is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Notes by potential investors. 
The Notes will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be 
represented by global notes in bearer form that are subject to United States ("U.S.") tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to 
U.S. persons, see "Selling Restrictions". 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Selling 
Restrictions".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. The German versions of the English language Terms 
and Conditions are shown in this Prospectus for additional information. As to form and content, and all rights 
and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to be issued, German is the controlling legally 
binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Prospectus and confirms that the non-binding translation of the Terms and 
Conditions, either in the German or English language, correctly and adequately reflects the respective binding 
language version. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EEA MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the 
above-mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a Distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above-mentioned legend is included 
in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use of 
this Prospectus" below.  
This Prospectus and any Final Terms must not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer(s) who is(are) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on its(their) 
behalf) may overallot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the 
relevant Final Terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All terms not otherwise defined in this Prospectus shall have the meaning as set out in the "Terms and 
Conditions" of the Notes. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus, except for the websites specified in the context of the documents 
incorporated by reference, are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Prospectus and have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Interest amounts payable under Notes bearing a floating interest rate ("Floating Rate Notes") are calculated 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended) ("BMR"). 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified 
by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans 
and expectations regarding Deutsche Telekom Group's business and management, its growth and 
profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Deutsche Telekom Group's 
financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Deutsche Telekom 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly 
advised to read the section of this Prospectus titled "Risk Factors" which includes more detailed descriptions 
of factors that might have an impact on Deutsche Telekom's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions and future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Table of Contents 
Responsibility Statement ..........................................................................................................................2 
Notice ........................................................................................................................................................2 
Forward-Looking Statements ...................................................................................................................4 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................6 
Risk Factors ..............................................................................................................................................7 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer .................................................................................. 7 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................ 13 
Description of the Group's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework ............................................... 16 
Deutsche Telekom AG .......................................................................................................................... 18 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus ................................................................................................... 46 
Issue Procedures ................................................................................................................................... 47 
Terms and Conditions ........................................................................................................................... 49 
Option I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates ............ 50 
Option II - Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ....... 74 
Form of Final Terms/Muster der Endgültigen Bedingungen ............................................................... 103 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................... 120 
General Information ............................................................................................................................. 121 
Selling Restrictions .............................................................................................................................. 121 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 125 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information ..................................................................................... 125 
Authorisation ........................................................................................................................................ 125 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents Available ............................................................................ 126 
Names and Addresses ........................................................................................................................ 128

--- Page 6 ---
6 
General Description of the Programme 
Under this EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, Deutsche Telekom may from time to time issue 
notes (the "Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed EUR 35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined herein) from time to time. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of offer to the public or private placements 
and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will 
be stated in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, unless 
the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" or 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in 
all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and 
identical in all respects, except for issue dates, interest commencement dates and/or issue prices may form 
a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in 
euro, EUR 1,000 and if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency nearly equivalent 
to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. The minimum denomination of the Notes may be smaller 
than EUR 1,000 if the Notes are not listed or are listed on an unregulated market and may not be part of any 
offer to the public. Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely 
transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The issue 
price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be 
determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer 
period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting 
yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK will have a minimum redemption amount of GBP 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be redeemed until on or after the first anniversary 
of their date of issue. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of and to admit such 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Under the Programme Notes 
may also be issued which will not be listed on any Stock Exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). Notes denominated in euro or, 
as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, are intended to be held 
in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon 
issue with (i) either CBL or Euroclear as common safekeeper in the case of a new global note or, (ii) CBF. 
It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Risk Factors  
Potential investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and the Reference Documents. 
In addition, potential investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus accumulate. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material to the Issuer and that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes. Potential investors should consider these risk 
factors before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. Investors may lose the value 
of their entire investment or part of it in the event one or more of the risks regarding the Issuer 
described below materialises. 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer are presented in the following categories with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Industry, Competition and Strategy 
• 
Regulation 
• 
Environmental, social and governance 
• 
Operational 
• 
Brand, Communication and Reputation 
• 
Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
• 
Financial 
1) Industry, Competition and Strategy 
Deutsche Telekom faces intense competition in all areas of its business, which could lead to reduced 
prices for its products and services and a decrease in market share in certain service areas, thereby 
adversely affecting Deutsche Telekom's revenues and net profit. 
Competitive pressure is expected to continue in Germany and Europe and Deutsche Telekom is expecting 
market prices for mobile voice telephony and mobile data services to continually decrease. Competition is 
high and increasing in the US as the wireless industry shifts away from service contracts and market 
saturation leads to an increased war for customers. This would adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's 
competitive position in the US market and its ability to grow. All segments would be affected by new market 
entrants such as major internet and consumer electronics industry players as well as regional network 
operators that could continue to increase their market share. Smaller competitors could take unforeseen and 
aggressive pricing measures. Current competitors can win new customers by cutting prices and offering 
limited or even unlimited discounts. Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions operating segment also faces 
challenges. Continued strong competition and persistent price erosion are adversely affecting traditional

--- Page 8 ---
8 
information and communication technology ("ICT") business. In addition, the technological shift toward cloud 
solutions and digitalisation in the IT sector is prompting new, strongly capitalised, competitors to enter the 
market. Therefore, Deutsche Telekom continues to be threatened by further losses in market share as well 
as decreasing margins. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial 
condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Weaker economic prospects and political uncertainties could adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's 
customers' purchases of products and services in each of the operating segments, which could have 
a negative impact on the operating results and overall financial condition of Deutsche Telekom. 
Political uncertainties and geopolitical crises fuel economic and political developments negatively and pose a 
risk to future economic growth. This means that any of Deutsche Telekom's footprint countries that would be 
affected by such actual or even possible growth slowdown as private and business customers would decrease 
their consumption of telecommunication services. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen 
the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom could be directly or indirectly affected by geopolitical turmoil or confrontations, 
or other related effects, which could adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's reputation and financial 
results. 
Deutsche Telekom's footprint and supply chains are intertwined on a global level. Should economic, political 
and/or technological tensions continue to rise between rival geopolitical powers, the risk of belligerent conflict 
between states could have severe global consequences including biological, chemical, cyber and/or physical 
attacks, military interventions, or the collapse of states. Furthermore, geopolitical incidents could be the cause 
of additional related effects such as higher inflation or a surge in energy prices. Such an international crisis 
would affect the business of Deutsche Telekom and the business of its suppliers and partners leading to lower 
revenues, cash flows and could worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom is exposed to the economic effects of pandemic outbreaks, which could delay or 
reduce cash flow or reduce the usage of its products and services. Furthermore, it could lead to 
delays in network upgrading and supply chains thereby adversely affecting Deutsche Telekom's 
revenues and net profit. 
A pandemic is impossible to predict and could bring great uncertainty on the economy and the respective 
impacts on Deutsche Telekom's business and financial results. This could include but is not limited to a 
decline of roaming volumes, lower subscriber growth, increasing bad debt of business and consumer 
subscribers. As COVID-19 continues to spread, it is expected to have significant negative effects on network 
improvements and maintenance, procurement and the supply chain. As other similar pandemic outbreaks are 
possible in the future, similar effects could impact Deutsche Telekom at any time resulting in decreasing 
margins, lower revenues or delays in cash flows. This would ultimately worsen the overall financial condition 
and possibly even the reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
A substantive or temporal deviation from planned measures for strategic transformation and 
integration may reduce its benefits and this could negatively impact Deutsche Telekom's business 
situation, financial position and operational results. 
Deutsche Telekom is in a continuous process of strategic adjustments and cost-cutting initiatives. If Deutsche 
Telekom is unable to implement these projects as planned, the benefits could be less than originally estimated 
or arrive later than expected or even not at all. Also, merger related integration of operational areas as well 
as fulfilment of various conditions imposed by the authorities are complex and could jeopardize the realisation 
of planned synergies. Each of these factors, individually or combined, could have a negative impact on 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom may not realise either the expected level of demand for its new/existing products 
and services, or the expected level and timing of revenues generated by those products and services, 
on account of the lack of market acceptance or technological change, which could adversely affect 
Deutsche Telekom's cash flows. 
Deutsche Telekom may not succeed in making customers sufficiently aware of existing and future value-
added services or in creating customer acceptance of these services at the prices Deutsche Telekom would 
want to charge. A lack of market acceptance for these new products and services could be fueled by an 
unwillingness to pay for such additional features. 
Furthermore, as innovation cycles continue to shrink, they confront the telecommunications sector with the 
challenge of bringing out new products and services at ever shorter intervals. New technologies are 
superseding existing technologies, products, or services in part, in some cases even completely. This would 
lead to lower prices and revenues in both voice and data traffic. This in turn could lead to lower revenues,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom regularly engages in large-scale programmes to reshape the information 
technology ("IT") and network infrastructure to adapt to changing customer needs and organisational 
and accounting requirements. The implementation of any of these programmes may require 
substantial investments and failure to effectively plan and monitor them would lead to misallocations 
of resources and impaired processes with negative consequences for Deutsche Telekom's 
operations. 
Deutsche Telekom's IT and network resources and infrastructure is the basis for innovative 
telecommunications products and services that Deutsche Telekom offers or plans to offer in the future. As 
Deutsche Telekom replaces the various architectures, access types and services with a standardised 
architecture, the enormous complexity of the implementation of this IT initiative, malfunctions, connectivity 
issues, implementation delays, inadequate planning and management and other unforeseen problems could 
result in costly process impairments and remediation and possible extended down-times of IT processes. 
These problems may hamper the attainment of Deutsche Telekom's goals in terms of cost savings and quality 
improvements. In addition, one of Deutsche Telekom's most important IT programmes deals with the long-
term development and implementation of a comprehensive internet protocol ("IP") platform that will support 
both fixed-line and mobile telephony services. This means that the traditional platform will be completely 
replaced by an IP-based system. Upon implementing this joint IP platform, Deutsche Telekom's IT systems 
will be subject to cyber attacks, "spam calls" and other disruptions. These risks could lead to a temporary 
interruption of Deutsche Telekom's IT resources and, as a result, impair the performance of Deutsche 
Telekom's technical infrastructure. Additionally, if Deutsche Telekom is not ready in time to exploit the benefits 
of technological advances, it could experience a decline in demand for its services. System failures, security 
breaches, data protection violations, disruption of operations and unauthorised use or impairment of Deutsche 
Telekom network and other systems could damage Deutsche Telekom's reputation, increase costs and 
negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition of Deutsche Telekom. 
2) Regulation 
Deutsche Telekom operates in heavily regulated business environments. Respective decisions that 
regulatory authorities impose on Deutsche Telekom restrict flexibility in managing its business and 
can force it to offer their services to competitors or reduce their prices for products and services. 
This will reduce Deutsche Telekom's revenues and also market share. 
Deutsche Telekom AG and its international subsidiaries are largely subject to national, European, and U.S. 
regulation, which is associated with extensive powers for national regulatory authorities to intervene in product 
design and pricing. In addition, the European Commission issues regulations and recommendations, which 
must be taken into account by the national regulatory authorities in Europe. Regulatory interventions are 
difficult to anticipate and therefore can disrupt financial forecasting. These regulatory interventions will 
continue to impact both fixed-network and mobile markets (including wholesale offerings) in the medium and 
long term. Media products are also subject to U.S., European and national regulations in respect to copyright 
and responsibility for published content. Regulatory bodies can enforce the regulation but also impose fines 
in cases of non-compliance. These regulatory risks (for example unfavourable auction rules and frequency 
usage requirements, international roaming, net neutrality and universal service) will in turn lead to lower 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
3) Environmental, social and governance 
Climate change is increasing ecological and social awareness. Compliance with new requirements 
can impact Deutsche Telekom's operations, revenues and profits. Failure to comply can have a huge 
impact on the reputation and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom Group. 
The demand to become more responsible for ensuring compliance with growing ecological and social 
standards is increasing. The requirements placed on the environmental compatibility of products throughout 
the supply chain and the entire value chain (including new requirements such as the German Supply Chain 
Due Diligence Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz)), the continuous reduction of resource consumption 
and use of renewable energy may increase over time leading to additional investments in order to modify 
processes and infrastructure. This could have negative direct or indirect effects on operations. The inability 
to understand or comply with these requirements could lead to lower revenues, cash flows and could worsen 
the overall enterprise value and financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
4) Operational 
Shortcomings in Deutsche Telekom's supplier selection and procurement process could negatively 
affect its product portfolio, revenues and profits. 
As a service provider, an operator and provider of telecommunications and IT products, Deutsche Telekom 
cooperates with a variety of suppliers of technical components, such as software, hardware, transmission 
systems, switching systems, outside plant, and terminal equipment. 
Supply risks cannot be entirely ruled out. The dependence on individual suppliersfor example from Chinese 
telecommunication suppliers or from individual vendors' defaulting can increase. Governments prohibiting the 
purchase, use and/or replacement of specific vendor or supplier products, delivery bottlenecks, overall 
availability and or scarcity of resources, price increases, changes in the prevailing economic conditions or 
suppliers' product strategies may have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's supply chain management 
and business processes. Additionally, recent security concerns prohibiting the partial or complete use of 
technology or products from critical vendors in Deutsche Telekom's networks would result in an intensive 
process of replacing such technology or products. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's costs 
and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and significantly worsen the overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
System failures due to natural or man-made disruptions and loss of data could result in reduced user 
traffic and reduced revenues and could harm Deutsche Telekom's reputation and financial results. 
Deutsche Telekom's information/network technology infrastructure is complex and is being constantly 
expanded and upgraded. Outages in the current and future technical infrastructure arising from natural 
disasters, such as fire, flooding, hurricanes, scarcity of energy, or man-made disruptions, such as 
unauthorised access, are possible and would cause interruptions to any business processes, products or 
services. Remediation costs could include liability for information loss or repairing infrastructure and systems. 
Furthermore, Deutsche Telekom's products and services are subject to data privacy and data security 
especially in connection with unauthorised access to customer, partner or employee data. Data privacy 
regulation requirements are increasing over time, but also data security is vulnerable as IT security challenges 
are multiplying as cyber crime and industrial espionage are on the rise. These effects could increase Deutsche 
Telekom's costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Failure to achieve the planned reduction and restructuring of personnel or the human resources-
related cost-savings goals could negatively affect the reputation and achievement of Deutsche 
Telekom's financial objectives and profitability. 
Deutsche Telekom continues to use socially responsible measures to restructure the workforce in the Group, 
essentially by means of voluntary redundancies, partial and early retirement, and employment opportunities 
for civil servants and employees. If staff restructuring measures are not possible to implement as planned or 
at all, they could have a negative impact on revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition 
and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
As a result of dispositions of certain non-core businesses in Germany, there is an increased risk of 
return of civil servants transferred out of Deutsche Telekom Group, which could have a negative 
impact on the staff and cost reduction objectives. 
When Group entities that employ civil servants are disposed of, it is generally possible to continue to employ 
them at the Group entity to be sold, provided the civil servant agrees or submits an application to be employed 
at the respective unit in future. However, they may return to Deutsche Telekom from a sold entity or if a 
company is not able to offer them jobs. This would increase Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
5) Brand, Communication and Reputation 
Potential breaches of compliance requirements (including data protection) or the identification of 
material weaknesses in Deutsche Telekom's internal control over financial reporting may have an 
adverse impact on Deutsche Telekom's corporate reputation, financial condition and the trading price 
of its securities. 
In general, compliance requirements (including data protection) for publicly-traded companies and, in 
particular, the investigation of potential breaches and corporate misconduct are increasing and leading to 
major financial implications for the companies concerned. At the same time, the legal framework governing 
the monitoring of companies is becoming more comprehensive, which increases the liability for executive 
bodies and associated costs. These risks and their related consequences will continue to exist and measures 
to remediate any identified shortcomings in its internal controls over financial reporting, activities of this kind

--- Page 11 ---
11 
may involve significant effort and expense, and disclosure of any failures, material weakness or other 
conditions, may result in a deterioration of Deutsche Telekom's corporate image and negative market 
reactions, which in turn may negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and 
responsibilities of Deutsche Telekom Group can have a huge impact on the reputation, the standing 
and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom Group. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and responsibilities 
of Deutsche Telekom arising from ecological or social aspects or from the management of Deutsche Telekom 
can have a material impact on the reputation, the standing and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom. Social 
networks have made it possible that such information and opinions can spread much faster and extensively 
than they could just a few years ago. Ultimately, negative reports can result in a deterioration of Deutsche 
Telekom's revenues or corporate image and increase negative market reactions, which in turn may negatively 
affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
Developments in the telecommunications sector have resulted, and may in the future result, in 
substantial write-downs of the carrying value of certain of Deutsche Telekom's assets. 
The value of the assets of Deutsche Telekom AG and its subsidiaries depends on changes in the respective 
economic, regulatory, business or political environments. These changes could negatively affect the value of 
goodwill, intangible assets or property, plant and equipment, investments accounted for using the equity 
method, or other financial assets. Any of these impairment losses could impact to a considerable extent 
Deutsche Telekom's results and could worsen the overall financial condition, which in turn may negatively 
affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
Possible health risks of wireless communications devices have led to litigation affecting markets with 
Deutsche Telekom's mobile telecommunications operations subsidiaries, and could lead to 
decreased wireless communications usage or increased difficulty in obtaining sites for base stations 
and, as a result, adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche 
Telekom's wireless services business. 
Mobile communications, or the electromagnetic fields used in mobile communications, regularly give rise to 
concerns among the general population about potential health risks. There is intense public, political, and 
scientific debate of this issue. Acceptance problems among the general public concern both mobile 
communications networks and the use of mobile handsets. This affects the build-out of mobile networks and 
the use of mobile terminal devices, but also the sales of traditional IP and Digital Enhanced Cordless 
Telecommunications (DECT - digital cordless) phones and devices that use WiFi technology. There are also 
regulatory interventions, such as reduced thresholds for electromagnetic fields or the implementation of 
precautionary measures in mobile communications, such as amendments to building laws or labeling 
requirements for handsets. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
6) Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Deutsche Telekom is continuously involved in disputes and litigation with government agencies, competition 
authorities, competitors and other parties. Deutsche Telekom is also subject to anti-trust laws. The ultimate 
outcome of such legal proceedings is generally uncertain. When finally concluded, they may have a material 
adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and financial condition. 
Deutsche Telekom is subject to numerous legal and regulatory proceedings, in which Deutsche Telekom is 
currently a party or which could develop in the future. Litigation and regulatory proceedings, including patent 
infringement lawsuits, are inherently unpredictable. Deutsche Telekom and its subsidiaries are subject to 
proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage actions under civil law. Legal or regulatory 
proceedings in which Deutsche Telekom is or comes to be involved (or settlements thereof) may have a 
material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, overall financial condition and reputation 
of Deutsche Telekom. 
7) Financial 
Liquidity, credit, currency, interest rate, rating and tax risks may continue to have an adverse effect 
on Deutsche Telekom's revenue and cost development. 
With regard to its assets, liabilities and planned transactions, Deutsche Telekom Group is particularly exposed 
to liquidity risks, credit risks, and the risk of changes in exchange and interest rates. 
Liquidity risk comprises the risk of the Company's inability to meet its short-term financial obligations in a 
timely fashion or in full. This could occur in circumstances in which an asset cannot be traded or sold or in

--- Page 12 ---
12 
case of an inefficient market. Deutsche Telekom primarily uses bonds, issued in a variety of currencies and 
jurisdictions, for medium- to long-term financing and maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of credit lines 
and cash as part of its liquidity management. A negative development of the capital markets could increase 
Deutsche Telekom's financing costs or could decrease its ability to raise funds. Hence, lack of liquidity may 
have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Credit risk comprises the risk that a counterparty will not fulfill its contractual obligations. Through Deutsche 
Telekom's operating business and certain financing activities, Deutsche Telekom is exposed to credit risk. 
The failure of a counterparty to fulfill its obligations, its insolvency or its bankruptcy would lead to an 
interruption of cash flows, increased costs for collection or loss of assets. Hence, counterparties which are 
not able to fulfill their contractual obligations may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's 
results of operations and overall financial condition. 
Currency risk comprises the risk of a fluctuation in the value of a currency which negatively affects the value 
of assets, investments, and related payment streams like interest and dividend. Deutsche Telekom is exposed 
to currency risks from its investing, financing, and operating activities. Currency risks in the area of 
investments result, for example, from the acquisition and disposal of investments in foreign currencies. 
Currency risks in the financing area are caused by financial liabilities in foreign currency and loans in foreign 
currency that are issued by Group entities for financing purposes. The Group entities predominantly execute 
their operating activities in their respective functional currencies. Payments made in a currency other than the 
respective functional currency result in currency risks in the Group. Hence, changes in the value of currencies 
may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial 
condition. 
Interest rate risk comprises the potential increase of financing costs resulting from unexpected fluctuations 
in interest rates. Changes in market interest rates affect the interest income or expense of variable-interest 
financial instruments. In addition to the interest rate risk pertaining to variable-interest debt, this also includes 
the issue of new liabilities. Deutsche Telekom's interest rate risk mainly results from interest-bearing liabilities 
and exists primarily in the euro zone and the United States. Hence fluctuations in interest rates may have a 
material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial condition. 
Rating risk relates to potential downgrades of Deutsche Telekom's credit rating by the rating agencies Fitch, 
Moody's or Standard & Poor's, which could have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's financing costs 
and Deutsche Telekom's ability to obtain new financing. In addition, if Deutsche Telekom's credit rating would 
be lowered by one notch, the interest rate rises by 0.5 per cent. for some of the issued bonds with a step-up 
clause. Hence the downgrade of credit ratings may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's 
results of operations, overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Tax risk relates to uncertainties and potential changes of tax rules resulting in higher tax expenses than 
expected. In many countries, Deutsche Telekom is subject to the applicable legal tax provisions. Changes in 
taxation laws or case law and different interpretations of existing provisions and uncertainties regarding the 
applicability or interpretation of tax rules can affect Deutsche Telekom tax expenses and benefits as well as 
tax receivables and liabilities. Hence uncertainties and changes of tax rules may have a material adverse 
effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial condition.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes  
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
• 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
1) Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of and to admit 
such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the 
Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, 
there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that 
it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity than if they 
were not listed. If the Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. In an illiquid market, an investor 
might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might 
additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on certain factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of a Note is therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable 
development of market prices of its Note which materializes if the holder sells the Notes prior to the final 
maturity of such Notes. 
2) Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be 
subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (early 
redemption event). In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is 
required to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early 
redemption due to an early redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such 
early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise 
his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the 
investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On 
the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable 
Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise 
any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed 
Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate 
of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until 
the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the holder 
of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate for comparable issues 
are without relevance to such holder as the Note will be redeemed at the principal amount of such Note. 
Specific risks linked to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The Notes may be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with the interest rate relating to the Notes being 
subject to an upward adjustment in the event the Group fails to achieve certain Sustainability Performance 
Targets (i.e. CO2 emissions reduction with varying scopes and timelines as defined in the Conditions of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes). In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer does not commit to (i) allocate

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject 
to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with social bonds or sustainability bonds in 
any particular market. Furthermore no event of acceleration shall occur, nor shall the Issuer be required to 
redeem or repurchase Sustainability-Linked Notes, if the Group fails to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets of the relevant Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal, quasi legal or other 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. As there is currently no generally 
accepted definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what criteria a particular 
financial instrument must meet to qualify as, "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" (and, in addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors 
by the Issuer or any Dealer that Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding the Notes or the Sustainability Performance Targets qualifying as "sustainable" or "sustainability-
linked" or that any adverse impacts will not occur in connection with striving to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets or the use of the net proceeds from the issue and offering of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes 
in advance. 
A Floating Rate Note may include caps or floors. In such case, their market value may be more volatile than 
those for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that the amount of 
interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the holder will not be able to benefit 
from any actual favorable development beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than 
that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Specific risks linked to EURIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to reference rates. EURIBOR and other reference 
rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, 
the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause these Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. 
The BMR applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use 
of a Benchmark within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) Benchmark administrators to be authorized 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognized or 
endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorized or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed). 
The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of EURIBOR or such other Benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR 
or such other Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
such Benchmark, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has been adapted to the requirements of the 
BMR. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable 
whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of 
any Notes whose interest is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the 
risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity

--- Page 15 ---
15 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other Benchmark.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes 
which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes. Under these fallback provisions, the Issuer shall endeavor to appoint an 
independent adviser, which must be an independent financial institution or independent financial adviser. 
Such independent adviser would be tasked with determining whether a recognized successor rate to the 
discontinued Benchmark exists (the "Successor Benchmark Rate"). If that is not the case, the independent 
adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate"). Such Successor 
Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate may be subject to the application of adjustments or spreads. 
If the independent adviser determines a Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, such 
rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such 
determination will be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. Any 
adjustment pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply to the immediately following interest period and 
any subsequent interest period and may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser cannot determine a 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate following a discontinuation of a relevant 
Benchmark, the last determined rate of the discontinued Benchmark will continue to apply for future interest 
periods of the relevant Notes until a Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate was 
determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
Under the terms of the BMR, the European Commission has also been granted powers to designate a 
replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU member 
state, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether the 
fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent 
to solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate 
selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement 
benchmark would be. 
Currency Risk 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks. 
A change in the value of any currency other than euro against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than euro and the euro 
value of interest and principal payments made in accordance with the terms of such Note. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Note and the value of 
interest payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a 
Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and 
Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms 
and Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its 
individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of 
all the Holders. 
No default if payment is not effected due to any law or regulation 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, to the extent legally permissible, the Issuer shall not be in default of 
its payment obligation under the Notes if payment to the Fiscal Agent or the Clearing System is not effected 
due to any law or regulation provided that the Issuer cannot effect payment to the Fiscal Agent or the Clearing 
System by reasonable means. In such case, a termination of the Notes pursuant to § 10(1)(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions shall not be possible to this extent and affected Holders may receive payment only once 
payment to the Fiscal Agent or the Clearing System can be effected under such law or regulation.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Description of the Group's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Sustainability is an important part of Deutsche Telekom's corporate responsibility. Deutsche Telekom believes 
in the compatibility of economic, social, and ecological aspects and is committed to acting responsibly along 
the entire value chain. Being one of the biggest investors in the industry, Deutsche Telekom has a key role 
to play in proposing more performing products and services to its clients while continuously participating in a 
"low-carbon society". Responsibility for a low-carbon society is one of the key action areas of the Group's 
corporate responsibility strategy: Deutsche Telekom is committed to reduce its own energy consumption and 
carbon footprint and finally to get to net-zero emissions for all scopes.  
The Company believes that sustainability-linked notes financing its activities will highlight these sustainability 
objectives very effectively and provide fixed income investors with a further tool to assess the Group's 
progress in contributing to climate change mitigation. In July 2021 Deutsche Telekom has adopted and 
published a "Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" that is aligned with the Sustainability‐Linked Bond 
Principles, published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") in 2020 and hence includes 
the following five core components: 
1. Selection of Key Performance Indicators 
2. Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets 
3. Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
4. Reporting 
5. Verification 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework ("Framework") is available on the Issuer's website: 
www.telekom.com. 
The interest on the Sustainability-Linked Notes will be linked to reaching sustainability performance targets 
("Sustainability Performance Targets") in relation to key performance indicators ("KPI") which are core, 
relevant and material to Deutsche Telekom's business: 
• 
KPI 1 – Absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in tCO2e): absolute 
greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions from the Group's own operations (Scope 1) and absolute GHG 
emissions from consumption of purchased electricity and heat used in the Group's own operations 
(Scope 2) 
• 
KPI 2 – Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity (in tCO2e/customer): absolute GHG 
emissions covering upstream and downstream elements of the value chain (Scope 3) per customer, 
considering the following categories of Scope 3: purchased goods and services, capital goods, use 
of sold products and downstream leased assets. Customer figures include mobile, fixed-line, 
broadband and TV customers (excl. wholesale). 
The Sustainability Performance Targets in relation to each KPI will be defined in the Conditions of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Deutsche Telekom calculates its CO2e emissions across the Group in line with the market-based method of 
the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol1 and reports them together with its self-defined CO2e reduction goals, 
as set forth in the Framework, thereby complying with criterion 13 of the German Sustainability Code 
(greenhouse gas emissions)2.  
Deutsche Telekom will report annually information required to calculate or observe the performance of KPIs 
in relation to Sustainability Performance Targets in the Group's corporate responsibility report or in a similar 
report ("KPI Report") and will engage an external auditor to issue at least a limited assurance report regarding 
seleced information contained in the KPI Report ("Limited Assurance Report"). The Limited Assurance 
Report will be available via Deutsche Telekom's website (www.telekom.com).  
Both KPIs cover the Group's fully consolidated activities. 
2017 constitutes the base year, subject to recalculations of GHG emissions to reflect any significant changes 
in the Group structure (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures, mergers) or methodological changes. Any recalculation 
will be stated in the KPI Report. 
 
1 
https://ghgprotocol.org  
2 
https://www.deutscher-nachhaltigkeitskodex.de

--- Page 17 ---
17 
While both KPIs are tied to EU Environmental Objective 1 (climate change mitigation)3, KPI 1 is tied to United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goal ("UN SDG 7") (affordable and clean energy) and UN SDG 13 (climate 
action) and KPI 2 is tied to UN SDG 12 (responsible production and consumption) and UN SDG 13 (climate 
action)4. 
 
3 
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32020R0852  
4 
https://sdgs.un.org/goals

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The statutory auditor of Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 
was Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("Deloitte"), Erna-Scheffler-Straße 2, 40476 Düsseldorf, 
Germany. The statutory auditor of Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial year ended on 
31 December 2021 was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("PwC"), 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Deloitte and PwC are members of the 
chamber of public accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT DEUTSCHE TELEKOM 
Introduction 
The legal and commercial name of the Company is Deutsche Telekom AG. Deutsche Telekom AG is a private 
stock corporation organised under German law registered with the local court (Amtsgericht) of Bonn under 
the number HRB 6794 in the country of incorporation, the Federal Republic of Germany. The registered office 
is located at Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, and its telephone number 
is +49 (228) 181-0. Deutsche Telekom AG's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96. 
Deutsche Telekom AG's website can be accessed under www.telekom.com. The content on this website is 
for information purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
Corporate Purpose 
According to Article 2 of the Articles of Association (Satzung) of Deutsche Telekom AG its object is activity in 
all areas of telecommunications, information technology, multimedia, information and entertainment (including 
gambling or betting business), security services, sales and brokerage services, e-banking, e-money and other 
payment solutions, collection, factoring and reception and surveillance services as well as any services 
connected with these areas, and also in related areas in Germany and abroad. The object of Deutsche 
Telekom AG's enterprise includes engaging in business in the area of venture capital, including the 
acquisition, holding, management, and sale of venture capital interests, in particular but not exclusively, in 
companies that are involved in the areas stated in the previous sentence. Moreover, the object of the 
enterprise is to engage in the field of reinsurance in connection with the areas specified in the first sentence 
of this paragraph; this activity must not be performed directly by the Company itself. 
Deutsche Telekom AG is entitled to enter into all other transactions and take all other measures deemed 
appropriate to serve this object. It may also set up, acquire and participate in other undertakings of the same 
or similar kind in Germany and abroad, as well as run such undertakings or confine itself to the administration 
of its participation. It may spin off its operations wholly or partly to affiliated undertakings, provided that 
applicable legal requirements, such as requisite shareholder resolutions, are satisfied. 
Historical Background 
Historically, the provision of public telecommunications services in Germany was a government monopoly as 
formerly provided by the German Constitution (Grundgesetz). In 1989, Germany began to transform the postal 
and telecommunications services managed by the former monopoly provider Deutsche Bundespost into 
market-oriented fields of business, dividing the former monopoly into three separate units corresponding to 
its branches of business, one of which was Deutsche Bundespost Telekom. At the same time, Germany 
started to liberalise the German telecommunications market. Effective as of 1 January 1995, Deutsche 
Bundespost Telekom was transformed into a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), today's 
Deutsche Telekom AG. On 18 November 1996, the initial public offering took place.  
The operation of telecommunications networks (including cable networks) in Germany for all 
telecommunications services except public voice telephony in fixed networks was opened up to competition 
on 1 August 1996. The complete liberalisation of the telecommunications sector in Germany followed as of 
1 January 1998. Since then, Deutsche Telekom has been facing intense competition and is obliged to grant 
its competitors access to its domestic network at regulated rates.  
Today, Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications provider offering a comprehensive range of 
cutting-edge services for its national and international customers in particular in the areas of 
telecommunications and IT. 
Recent Events 
On 15 March 2023, T-Mobile US announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Ka'ena 
Corporation and its subsidiaries and brands: Mint Mobile, a direct-to-consumer (D2C) prepaid wireless brand

--- Page 19 ---
19 
in the U.S.; Ultra Mobile, a wireless service offering international calling options to communities across the 
country; and wholesaler Plum. T-Mobile US is acquiring the brands' sales, marketing, digital, and service 
operations, and plans to use its supplier relationships and distribution scale to help the brands to grow and 
offer competitive pricing and greater device inventory to more U.S. consumers seeking value offerings. T-
Mobile US will also be able to leverage Mint's industry-leading digital D2C marketing expertise as part of its 
broader portfolio to reach new customer segments and geographies. T-Mobile US will pay up to a maximum 
of USD 1.35 billion in a combination of 39 per cent. cash and 61 per cent. stock to acquire Ka'ena. The actual 
price to be paid by T-Mobile US will be based upon Ka'ena's performance during certain periods before and 
after the closing. It is also subject to working capital adjustments and other contractual reserves. The 
transaction is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, and is expected to close later in 2023. 
On 13 July 2022, Deutsche Telekom agreed to sell a 51.0 per cent. stake in GD Towers, comprising its tower 
assets in Germany and Austria, assigned to the Group Development operating segment, to DigitalBridge and 
Brookfield. The preliminary sale price is based on an enterprise value of EUR 17.5 billion. The estimated cash 
proceeds from the transaction are expected to be EUR 10.7 billion. Since closing of the transaction on 
1 February 2023, Deutsche Telekom has lost control over the GD tower companies. All necessary regulatory 
approvals had been duly granted and all other closing conditions met. Once the transaction was 
consummated, Deutsche Telekom leased back most of the sold passive network infrastructure in Germany 
and Austria under a sale and leaseback arrangement.  
On 1 February 2023, part of the funds received from the sale of shares in the GD tower companies was used 
for a premature buy back of EUR and GBP bonds with a total volume of EUR 2.7 billion with terms ending 
between 2023 and 2027. In addition, on 13 March 2023 part of the aforementioned funds was used for a 
premature buy back of USD-denominated bonds with a total volume of approximately USD 630 million with 
terms ending 2027 and 2028. 
On 8 September 2022, T-Mobile US announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buy-back 
program for up to USD 14.0 billion (USD 3.0 billion of which by the end of 2022) of the company's common 
stock through 30 September 2023. Repurchases are expected to be made from available cash on hand and 
proceeds of one or more debt issuances or other borrowings, based on the company's evaluation of market 
conditions and other factors. The specific timing, price, and size of repurchases will depend on prevailing 
stock prices, general economic and market conditions, and other considerations. By 31 December 2022, T-
Mobile US had bought back approximately 21.4 million shares with a total volume of USD 3.0 billion (EUR 
3.0 billion) under this program. In the period from 1 January 2023 to 10 February 2023, T-Mobile US bought 
back around 15 million additional shares with a total volume of around USD 2 billion (around EUR 2 billion) 
under the share buy-back program. 
 
Rating 
Deutsche Telekom AG is rated by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")5,6, Moody's Investors Service España 
SA ("Moody's")7,6 and by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"8,6 together with Fitch and Moody's, the 
"Rating Agencies"). 
As of the publication date of this Prospectus, the ratings assigned to Deutsche Telekom AG by the Rating 
Agencies were as follows: 
by Fitch: 
long-term rating: 
BBB+9 / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
F29 
 
5 
Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). 
6 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update. 
7 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
9  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Fitch definesa: 
BBB: 
"BBB" ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
F2: 
Indicates satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. 
a 
Note: "+"or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote the relative status within major rating 
categories. Such suffixes are not added to the "AAA" category or to categories below "CCC". 
by Moody's: 
long-term rating: 
Baa19 / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
P-29 
Moody's definesb: 
Baa1: 
Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risks. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
P-2: 
Issuers have a strong ability to repay short-term obligations. 
b 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aa to Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its 
generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
by S&P: 
long-term rating: 
BBB / positive9 
 
short-term rating: 
A-29 
S&P definesc: 
BBB: 
An obligation rated "BBB" exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
A-2: 
A short-term obligation rated "A-2" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation is satisfactory. 
c 
Note: Plus (+) or minus (-): The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition 
of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
Group Organisation 
Overview of Business Activities 
Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications company with around 245 million mobile customers, 
25 million fixed-network and 21 million broadband customers. Deutsche Telekom provides fixed-
network/broadband, mobile, Internet, and internet-based television products and services for consumers and 
information and communication technology ("ICT") solutions for business and corporate customers. Deutsche 
Telekom has an international focus and is represented in more than 50 countries. With 206,759 employees 
worldwide (as of 31 December 2022), Deutsche Telekom generated EUR 114.4 billion net revenue in 2022, 
of which 77.9 per cent. is generated outside of Germany.  
The mobile communications business offers mobile voice and data services to consumers and business 
customers; in addition, Deutsche Telekom sells mobile devices and other hardware. Deutsche Telekom also 
sells mobile services to resellers and to companies that buy network services and market them to third parties 
(mobile virtual network operators, or "MVNOs"). The fixed-network business includes all voice and data 
communications activities based on fixed-network and broadband technology. This includes the sale of 
terminal equipment and other hardware, as well as the sale of services to resellers. Drawing on a global 
infrastructure of data centers and networks, Deutsche Telekom operates ICT systems for multinational 
corporations and public-sector institutions. 
Deutsche Telekom is divided into the five operating segments Germany, United States, Europe, Systems 
Solutions and Group Development plus the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
The Germany operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile business activities for consumers 
and business customers, including separate sales entities in Germany to allow a customer-centric approach. 
In 2022, the security business in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Hungary, and Slovakia has been merged in 
this segment. The Germany operating segment also focuses on the wholesale business to provide 
telecommunications services for carriers. The bundling of customer service activities places a further focus 
on customer satisfaction and quality assurance. Build-out of the mobile and fixed networks is managed by 
the Technology business unit in this segment. 
The United States operating segment combines all mobile activities in the U.S. market. T-Mobile US provides 
service, devices, and accessories across its flagship brands. In addition, it sells devices to dealers and other 
third-party distributors for resale. T-Mobile US provides wireless communications services through a variety 
of service plan options to U.S. domestic customers, including plans marketed to businesses. T-Mobile US 
also offers a wide selection of wireless devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets, home broadband 
routers and other mobile communication devices that are manufactured by various suppliers. In addition to 
their wireless communications services, they offer High Speed Internet utilizing their nationwide 5G network. 
T-Mobile US also provides products that are complementary to its wireless communications services, 
including device protection, high-speed internet, and wireline communication services. In September 2022, 
T-Mobile US entered into an agreement for the sale of the Wireline Business. 
The Europe operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile operations of the national companies 
in Greece, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovakia, Austria, North Macedonia, and 
Montenegro. In these countries, Deutsche Telekom is an integrated provider of telecommunications services. 
In Romania, Deutsche Telekom is focused on mobile activities since the sale of the 54 per cent. stake of 
Hellenic Telecommunications Organization S.A., Athens, Greece ("OTE") in Telekom Romania 
Communications in 2021.  In addition to consumer business, most of Deutsche Telekom's national companies 
also offer ICT solutions for business customers. 
The Systems Solutions operating segment combines four portfolio units: Cloud Services, Digital Solutions, 
Security, and Advisory, which offer business customers a portfolio of focused products and solutions under 
the T-Systems brand.  
The Group Development operating segment actively manages entities, subsidiaries, and equity investments 
to grow their value while giving them the entrepreneurial freedom they need to promote their continued 
strategic development. In this context, Deutsche Telekom sold its subsidiary T-Mobile Netherlands on 
31 March 2022. Within the segment, the GD Towers business entity comprises the German and Austrian cell 
tower businesses. On 13 July 2022, Deutsche Telekom signed an agreement for the sale of 51.0 per cent. of 
the shares in this entity. The transaction was consummated on 1 February 2023. The investment 
management group Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners; Comfort Charge, which is a provider of e-mobility 
charging infrastructure; and the Group functions of Mergers & Acquisitions and Strategic Portfolio 
Management are also assigned to Group Development. 
Group Headquarters & Group Services comprises all Group units that cannot be allocated directly to one of 
the operating segments. As the organization that sets the direction and provides momentum, it defines 
strategic aims for the Group, ensures they are met, and becomes directly involved in selected Group projects. 
Group Services provides services to the entire Group; in addition to typical services provided by Deutsche 
Telekom Services Europe, such as financial accounting, human resources services, and operational 
procurement, Group Services also includes placement services, which are provided by the personnel service 
provider, Vivento. Vivento is in charge of securing external employment opportunities for employees, 
predominantly in the public sector. Further units are Group Supply Services (GSUS) for the real estate 
management and the strategic procurement, and Telekom MobilitySolutions, which is a full-service provider 
for fleet management and mobility services.  
The Technology and Innovation Board of Management department unites the cross-segment technology, 
innovation, IT, and security functions of the Germany, Europe and Systems Solutions operating segments. 
These include Deutsche Telekom IT, which focuses on the Group's internal IT projects, and the central 
innovation unit, Product Innovation and Customer Experience (PIC), which works closely with the operating 
segments to drive topics such as digitalization, big data, software- defined networks, voicification, 
virtualization, and cloud services. The Innovation Hub (IHUB) pools all of the expertise required for future 
innovation projects to ensure Deutsche Telekom stays flexible and innovative. In the Technology Delivery 
International (TDI) unit, Deutsche Telekom pools expertise to position it as a strong partner to the technology 
units in its national companies and develop, produce, operate, and scale platforms and services across 
borders from a single source. TDI also harmonizes the planning, development, and operation of products, 
services, and platforms at the national companies in Europe taking technological and commercial aspects 
into account. Strategy & Technology Innovation (S&TI) ensures efficient and customer-centric research and 
innovation with a focus on mobile and fixed-network communications. Group Security (GSC) is responsible

--- Page 22 ---
22 
for developing and transforming the Group-wide security strategy.  
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS 
On 6 September 2021, Deutsche Telekom and Tele2 agreed to sell Deutsche Telekom's subsidiary T-Mobile 
Netherlands to WP/AP Telecom Holdings IV, a private equity consortium advised by Apax Partners and 
Warburg Pincus. The transaction was consummated on 31 March 2022 after obtaining the necessary 
approvals from the authorities and satisfying the other closing conditions. The sale price is based on an 
enterprise value of EUR 5.1 billion. The cash proceeds – based on Deutsche Telekom's shareholding of 
75 per cent. – amounted to EUR 3.6 billion. In financial terms, excluding the partial settlement of intragroup 
shareholder loans and other intragroup transactions, the transaction resulted in value added of 
EUR 4.0 billion. The gain on deconsolidation resulting from the sale amounted to EUR 0.9 billion. Until the 
transaction was closed, the entity had been assigned to the Group Development operating segment. 
Deutsche Telekom used part of the cash proceeds from the sale of T-Mobile Netherlands to further increase 
its stake in T-Mobile US and, on 12 April 2022, acquired around 21.2 million shares in T-Mobile US from 
SoftBank for a purchase price of USD 2.4 billion (EUR 2.2 billion). To this end, Deutsche Telekom exercised 
a further portion of the stock options it had received from SoftBank in June 2020 to purchase shares in T-
Mobile US. 
On 6 September 2022, T-Mobile US reached an agreement with Cogent Infrastructure (Cogent) on the sale 
of T-Mobile US' fiber-optic-based wireline business. Under the agreement, Cogent will take over all shares in 
the entity that holds all of the assets and liabilities related to the former Sprint's fiber-optic-based wireline 
network. The sale price is USD 1 and is subject to customary adjustments laid down in the purchase 
agreement. In addition, upon completion of the transaction, T-Mobile US undertakes to enter into a separate 
agreement on IP transit services, according to which T-Mobile US will pay a total of USD 700 million to Cogent. 
The transaction is subject to approval by the authorities as well as other closing conditions. 
On 8 September 2022, T-Mobile US announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buy-back 
program for up to USD 14.0 billion of the company's common stock through 30 September 2023. Repurchases 
are expected to be made from available cash on hand and proceeds of one or more debt issuances or other 
borrowings, based on the company's evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The specific timing, 
price, and size of repurchases will depend on prevailing stock prices, general economic and market 
conditions, and other considerations. By 31 December 2022, T-Mobile US had bought back approximately 
21.4 million own shares with a total volume of USD 3.0 billion under this program. From 1 January 2023, 
through 10 February 2023, T-Mobile US repurchased additional 14.7 million shares of its common stock for 
a total purchase price of USD 2.1 billion. As of 10 February 2023 Deutsche Telekom's stake in T-Mobile US 
is 49.04 per cent. 
On 15 March 2023, T-Mobile US announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Ka'ena 
Corporation and its subsidiaries and brands: Mint Mobile, a direct-to-consumer (D2C) prepaid wireless brand 
in the U.S.; Ultra Mobile, a wireless service offering international calling options to communities across the 
country; and wholesaler Plum. T-Mobile US is acquiring the brands' sales, marketing, digital, and service 
operations, and plans to use its supplier relationships and distribution scale to help the brands to grow and 
offer competitive pricing and greater device inventory to more U.S. consumers seeking value offerings. T-
Mobile US will also be able to leverage Mint's industry-leading digital D2C marketing expertise as part of its 
broader portfolio to reach new customer segments and geographies. T-Mobile US will pay up to a maximum 
of USD 1.35 billion in a combination of 39 per cent. cash and 61 per cent. stock to acquire Ka'ena. The actual 
price to be paid by T-Mobile US will be based upon Ka'ena's performance during certain periods before and 
after the closing. It is also subject to working capital adjustments and other contractual reserves. The 
transaction is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions, and is expected to close later in 2023. 
On 5 November 2021, Deutsche Telekom had announced that IFM Global Infrastructure Fund – advised by 
IFM Investors – would acquire a stake of 50 per cent. in GlasfaserPlus, a fiber-optic build-out entity. The sale 
was consummated on 28 February 2022, after the EU Commission had approved the transaction on 
25 January 2022 and the other closing conditions had been satisfied. The sale price came to EUR 0.9 billion, 
half of which was paid upon completion of the transaction and the other half of which will follow in stages 
upon achieving certain build-out milestones. The resulting joint venture is to build out an additional 4 million 
gigabit-capable FTTH lines in rural and development areas by 2028. Following the loss of control pursuant to 
the IFRSs as a result of the transaction, the GlasfaserPlus entities were deconsolidated as of 
28 February 2022. Until the transaction was closed, the entities had been assigned to the Germany operating 
segment.  
In 2022 the shareholders' meetings of OTE S.A. resolved to retire 23,074,524 treasury shares in total, which 
had been acquired as part of a share buy-back program, with a corresponding capital reduction of around 
EUR 65 million. The shares were retired from the Athens Stock Exchange and as a result, Deutsche

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Telekom's share in OTE increased from 48.29 per cent. to 50.86 per cent. in 2022. 
Effective 1 July 2022, Deutsche Telekom reassigned its subsidiary Deutsche Telekom Security and the 
security business in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Hungary, and Slovakia from the Systems Solutions 
operating segment to the Germany operating segment. 
On 13 July 2022, Deutsche Telekom agreed to sell a 51.0 per cent. stake in GD Towers, comprising its tower 
assets in Germany and Austria, assigned to the Group Development operating segment, to DigitalBridge and 
Brookfield. The preliminary sale price is based on an enterprise value of EUR 17.5 billion. The estimated cash 
proceeds from the transaction are expected to be EUR 10.7 billion. Since closing of the transaction on 
1 February 2023, Deutsche Telekom has lost control over the GD tower companies. All necessary regulatory 
approvals had been duly granted and all other closing conditions met. Once the transaction was 
consummated, Deutsche Telekom leased back most of the sold passive network infrastructure in Germany 
and Austria under a sale and leaseback arrangement. 
In August and September 2022, Digital Transformation Capital Partners (DTCP Infra) admitted new investors 
to the investment company Digital Infrastructure Vehicle II (DIV II). As a result, Deutsche Telekom's share in 
DIV II decreased from 66.67 per cent. to 41.25 per cent. and the entity was deconsolidated in the third quarter 
of 2022. Until the transaction was closed, the entity had been assigned to the Group Development operating 
segment. 
INVESTMENTS IN NETWORK AND SPECTRUM 
In the United States, the assignment phase of Auction 110 ended on 4 January 2022. In this auction, the U.S. 
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allocated a total of 100 MHz in the 3,450 to 3,550 MHz band. 
T-Mobile US paid USD 2.9 billion (EUR 2.6 billion) to secure itself a total of 199 licenses. The bidding phase 
of FCC Auction 108 in the United States ended on 29 August 2022, whereupon T-Mobile US was awarded a 
further 7,000 2.5 GHz licenses for which it paid a total of around USD 0.3 billion (EUR 0.3 billion). The Federal 
Communications Commission has not yet granted the licenses acquired at the auction.  
In the first quarter of 2022, OTE successfully participated in the auction for frequencies in the 430 MHz band 
in Greece, securing spectrum for around EUR 1.2 million. In Slovakia, the 3.x GHz auction was brought to a 
successful conclusion in May 2022, with Slovak Telekom securing 100 MHz for EUR 16 million. The four 
established mobile network operators agreed to a reshuffling of the 1,800 MHz band, which means they can 
each now use 2 x 20 MHz blocks of contiguous spectrum. In connection with the reshuffle, the spectrum 
licenses were extended for 15 years for a fee of EUR 8.9 million per network operator. In Poland, the extension 
of the 2,100 MHz licenses has been completed and the new licenses were sent out on 11 October 2022. In 
November 2022, Romania awarded 5G spectrum in the 700 MHz, 1,500 MHz, 2,600 MHz, and 3,400 to 3,800 
MHz bands. Telekom Romania Mobile Communications did not participate in the auction. The usage rights 
in the 2,100 MHz band were also extended in the Czech Republic in December 2022. 
In the United States, on August 8, 2022, T-Mobile US reached agreements with Channel 51 License and LB 
License on the acquisition of licenses in the 600 MHz spectrum for an aggregate purchase price of USD 3.5 
billion (EUR 3.4 billion). The agreements are subject to approvals by the regulatory authorities and certain 
other customary closing conditions. The transactions are expected to be completed between mid and late 
2023. 
On 8 March 2023 the Croatian telecom regulator completed the auction in 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 
2100 MHz and 2600 MHz bands. The bidding process started on 16 January 2023 and lasted six weeks. 
Hrvatski Telekom won 210 MHz for a purchase price of approximately EUR 135 million. 
In 2023 Deutsche Telekom expects further spectrum awards, such as auctions as well as license extensions 
in Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia. 
In Germany and Europe, Deutsche Telekom continued to invest in the provision of broadband and fiber-optic 
technology and in 5G as part of its integrated network strategy. In the United States, Deutsche Telekom 
continued to invest in the 5G network build-out. 
REGULATION AND MAJOR REGULATORY DECISIONS 
The business activities of Deutsche Telekom are largely subject to national, European, and U.S. regulation, 
which is associated with extensive powers to intervene in its product design and pricing, particularly in Europe. 
Deutsche Telekom was still subject to extensive regulation in its mobile and fixed-network businesses in 2022. 
On 1 July 2022 the new Roaming Regulation for the European Union came into force, which expands and 
extends the existing Roaming Regulation until 2032. The Roam like at Home principle introduced in 2017, 
initially for a period of five years, which allows consumers to make calls at domestic terms and conditions and 
use data volumes within the European Union, will now apply for a further ten years. New rules were also

--- Page 24 ---
24 
added on transparency, and the new regulation will ensure that the quality of roaming services is not lower 
than mobile services at home. New, lower price caps through 2031 were set for inter-operator tariffs for 
corresponding wholesale services, to be re-examined in 2024/2025. Steps to tighten regulation on voice 
calling and text messaging (SMS) between EU member states that had been discussed earlier were not 
included in the final regulation. 
The Bundesnetzagentur published its final ruling on 28 June 2022 setting out the rates for unbundled local 
loop lines (ULLs) for the period from July 2022 to June 2032, for the first time for a period of 10 years. Starting 
1 July 2022, a rate of EUR 10.65/month applies for the (longer) copper line section between the end customer 
and the main distribution frame in the Telekom building and of EUR 6.92/month for the (shorter) copper line 
section between the end customer and the cable distribution box on the street. These rates are to increase 
by 4 per cent. as of 1 July 2027 to EUR 11.08/month and EUR 7.20/month, respectively. 
On 21 July 2022, the Bundesnetzagentur published its decision on the future regulation of access to Deutsche 
Telekom's copper and fiber-optic network. The decision was preceded by consultations held at national and 
international level. Existing regulation of FTTB/H networks will be eased, by putting an end to "ex ante" and 
access regulation in the future. Non-discriminatory access will instead be secured under the Equivalence of 
Input (EoI) principle enshrined in the new Telecommunications Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz – TKG). 
Under the new system, wholesalers would have access to the same material and human resources as 
Deutsche Telekom's sales teams. The Bundesnetzagentur will further abolish the traditional "ex ante" 
regulation of layer 2 (VDSL) products and tie charges to a notification obligation. The commitment agreements 
agreed through the end of 2031 have been examined in more detail and have passed the replicability test. 
The decision also includes the requirement for Deutsche Telekom to grant access to ducts and poles. The 
specific access conditions will be determined in subsequent proceedings. 
On 31 August 2022, the Federal Cabinet of Germany adopted the Federal Government's Digital Strategy 
2025. The strategy brings together the key policy areas for the cross-cutting topic of digitalization and 
prioritizes the implementation of projects that are expected to unlock the greatest potential when it comes to 
advancing digitalization. One of its goals is to digitalize all public and healthcare services by 2025. A modern 
legal framework is also planned, which will support the development of the data economy and improve the 
use of data through connected virtual data rooms. The Gigabit Strategy adopted on 13 July 2022 plays a 
central role, promising greater speeds and improved framework conditions for building out the networks. The 
aim is to achieve nationwide coverage with fiber to the home (FTTH) and the latest-generation mobile 
communications standard by 2030. Specific action includes the introduction of expedited approval processes, 
the more widespread use of alternative cable-laying technologies, and the creation of a central information 
database (Gigabit-Grundbuch) that will improve transparency on the availability of infrastructure that can be 
shared. The federal states and municipalities play a key role in the implementation of these measures. A new 
Advisory Board for the Digital Strategy of Germany has been set up to provide monitoring and support. With 
the expertise of the Advisory Board and with the help of a database, the 135 targets of the Digital Strategy 
are to be continuously assessed in terms of progress and the need for change. The Federal Government has 
also announced an international digitalization strategy, which is expected in 2023. 
Telekom Deutschland and EWE founded the joint venture Glasfaser NordWest in 2020. The aim of the joint 
venture is to provide up to 1.5 million households and business locations with fast internet. On 22 September 
2021, Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court overturned the approval granted by the Federal Cartel Office 
(Bundeskartellamt) under merger control law. The Bundeskartellamt, EWE, and Telekom Deutschland have 
each lodged a complaint against the decision of the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court to not allow an appeal. 
The Federal Court of Justice has not yet ruled on these complaints. If the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court's 
decision becomes final, the case will be referred back to the Bundeskartellamt for a new decision on approval 
and any further conditions. The joint venture can continue building out FTTH until the Bundeskartellamt 
decides otherwise. 
DEVELOPMENT OF DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S BUSINESS 
Potential investors should read the following discussion in conjunction with Deutsche Telekom's annual 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, including the notes to those consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus. Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS") are 
dependent upon and sensitive to accounting methods, assumptions and estimates that Deutsche Telekom 
uses as bases for the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. The strategies and expectations 
referred to in the following discussions are considered forward-looking statements and may be strongly 
influenced or changed by shifts in market conditions, new initiatives Deutsche Telekom implements and other 
factors. Deutsche Telekom cannot provide assurance that the strategies and expectations referred to in these 
discussions will come to fruition.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In order to set and achieve its strategic goals more effectively, Deutsche Telekom pursues a Group-wide, 
value-oriented performance management approach. The structure and content of the financial figures in this 
Prospectus follow this internal management approach of Deutsche Telekom where applicable. Since the third 
quarter of 2022, the GD Towers business entity, which operates the cell tower business in Germany and 
Austria, assigned to the Group Development operating segment, has been recognized in the consolidated 
financial statements as a discontinued operation. However, in this Prospectus Deutsche Telekom continues 
to include the contributions by GD Towers in the results of operations according to the management approach. 
The sections "Development of Deutsche Telekom's Business", "Financial Information concerning Deutsche 
Telekom's Assets and Liabilities" and "Financial Position and Profits and Losses" contain so-called alternative 
performance measures, such as EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL margin, special factors, Free Cash Flow (before 
dividend payments and spectrum investment), Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment), Cash Capex and Net debt. For further information also see section "Alternative Performance 
Measures (APM)". 
Consolidated Income Statement of Deutsche Telekom 
On 13 July 2022, Deutsche Telekom reached an agreement with DigitalBridge and Brookfield on the sale of 
a 51.0 per cent. stake in GD Towers. As a result, the GD Towers business entity has been recognized in the 
consolidated financial statements as a discontinued operation. The following table presents information 
concerning Deutsche Telekom's consolidated income statements for the periods indicated. In addition to the 
consolidated income statements preprared in accordance with IFRS, the consolidated income statements 
prepared in accordance with the management approach of Deutsche Telekom is presented. In the 
management approach, Deutsche Telekom presents the results of the GD Towers business together with 
results from continuing operations. The management approach figures are alternative performance measures 
which are non-GAAP figures not governed by IFRS. They should not be viewed in isolation as an alternative 
to profit or loss from operations, net profit or loss, net cash from operating activities, the liabilities reported in 
the consolidated statement of financial position, or other Deutsche Telekom key performance indicators 
presented in accordance with IFRS: 
In milions of Euro 
2022 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2022 
Result 
from 
discontinued 
operation 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2022 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(management 
approach) 
 
2021 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2021 
Result 
from 
discontinued 
operation 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2021 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(management 
approach) 
Net revenue 
114,197 
216 
114,413 
 
107,610 
201 
107,811 
EBITDA 
43,049 
937 
43,986 
 
39,671 
868 
40,539 
Depreciation 
of 
right-of-use assets 
(6,406) 
(101) 
(6,507) 
 
(5,348) 
(199) 
(5,547) 
Interest 
expenses 
on recognized lease 
liabilities 
(1,452) 
(37) 
(1,489) 
 
(1,074) 
(25) 
(1,099) 
EBITDA AL 
35,191 
798 
35,989 
 
33,249 
644 
33,893 
Special 
factors 
affecting 
EBITDA AL 
(4,213) 
(6) 
(4,219) 
 
(3,432) 
(5) 
(3,437) 
EBITDA AL 
(adjusted 
for 
special factors) 
39,404 
804 
40,208 
 
36,681 
649 
37,330 
Depreciation, 
amortization 
and 
impairment losses 
(27,635) 
(192) 
(27,827) 
 
(27,091) 
(391) 
(27,482) 
Profit (loss) from 
operations (EBIT) 
15,414 
745 
16,159 
 
12,580 
477 
13,057 
Profit (loss) from 
financial activities 
(4,437) 
(18) 
(4,455) 
 
(4,953) 
(186) 
(5,139) 
Profit before income 
taxes 
10,977 
727 
11,703 
 
7,628 
290 
7,918 
Profit (loss) after 
taxes 
from 
continuing 
operations 
9,039 
n.a. 
9,039 
 
5,896 
n.a. 
5,896

--- Page 26 ---
26 
In milions of Euro 
2022 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2022 
Result 
from 
discontinued 
operation 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2022 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(management 
approach) 
 
2021 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2021 
Result 
from 
discontinued 
operation 
(according to 
IFRS) 
2021 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
(management 
approach) 
Profit (loss) after 
taxes 
from 
discontined 
operation 
443 
n.a. 
443 
 
207 
n.a. 
207 
Profit (loss) 
9,482 
n.a. 
9,482 
 
6,103 
n.a. 
6,103 
Owners 
of 
the 
parent (net profit 
(loss)) 
8,001 
n.a. 
8,001 
 
4,176 
n.a. 
4,176 
Non-controlling 
interests 
1,481 
n.a. 
1,481 
 
1,927 
n.a. 
1,927 
 
Results of Operations of the Group 
Net Revenue 
According to the management approach, Deutsche Telekom generated net revenue of EUR 114.4 billion 
in 2022, which was 6.1 per cent. or EUR 6.6 billion up on the 2021 level. In organic terms revenue 
remained on a par with the 2021 level, including positive net exchange rate effects of EUR 8.4 billion, 
with the changes in the composition of the Group having the net reducing effect of EUR 1.8 billion. 
The United States operating segment in particular contributed to revenue with an increase of 11.3 per cent., 
mainly due to exchange rate effects. In organic terms, revenue declined by 1.3 per cent. in 2022 compared 
to 2021 due to lower terminal equipment revenue, partially offset by higher service revenue. Revenue in the 
German home market was up on the 2021 level, increasing by 1.9 per cent. This was primarily driven by 
growth in service revenues, in both the fixed-network core business, mainly due to broadband, and in mobile 
communications. In the Europe operating segment, revenue in 2022 decreased by 1.2 per cent. compared 
with 2022, mainly due to the sale of the Romanian fixed-network business. In organic terms, however, 
revenue increased by 3.9 per cent., primarily attributable to the strong performance of the mobile business, 
especially the increase in higher-margin mobile service revenues, increases in roaming and visitor revenues, 
and volume-driven increases in revenues from terminal equipment sales. Fixed-network service revenue 
also developed better compared with 2021. Revenue in the Systems Solutions operating segment was 
up 1.4 per cent. in 2022 compared with 2021; in organic terms, it was up 1.0 per cent. This positive 
development was mainly driven by growth in the Digital Solutions, Road Charging, and Advisory portfolio 
units, and it more than offset the expected decline in traditional IT infrastructure business. Revenue in 
the Group Development operating segment declined significantly compared with 2021, mainly due to 
the sale of T-Mobile Netherlands. In organic terms, however, revenue increased by 6.5 per cent. thanks 
to the operational and structural growth of the GD Towers entity. 
Contribution of the segments to net revenue 
(according 
to 
the 
management 
approach) 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Change 
Change per cent. 
Germany 
23,912 
23,391 
521 
2.2 
United States 
75,429 
67,789 
7,640 
11.3 
Europe 
10,944 
11,074 
(130) 
(1.2) 
Systems Solutions 
3,106 
3,032 
74 
2.4 
Group Development 
828 
2,333 
(1,505) 
(64.5) 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
193 
193 
0 
0.0 
NET REVENUE from continuing operations 
and the discontinued operationa 
114,413 
107,811 
6,602 
6.1 
Discontinued operation 
(216) 
(201) 
(15) 
7.5 
Net revenue 
114,197 
107,610 
6,587 
6.1

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
a 
Since the third quarter of 2022, the GD Towers business entity has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a 
discontinued operation. However, in this Prospectus Deutsche Telekom continues to include the contribution by GD Towers in the results of 
operations according to the management approach. The 2021 comparatives were adjusted retrospectively to take account of changes to the 
principal/agent policy regarding the recognition of gross and net revenues as of the third quarter of 2022. 
 
At 65.9 per cent, the United States operating segment provided by far the largest contribution to net 
revenue from continuing operations and the discontinued operation of the Group in 2022 and was up 
3.1 percentage points above the level in 2021. The proportion of net revenue generated internationally 
also increased significantly from 77.0 per cent. to 77.9 per cent. 
Adjusted EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL 
According to the management approach, adjusted EBITDA AL increased by EUR 2.9 billion or 7.7 per 
cent. to EUR 40.2 billion in 2022 compared with 2021, including positive net exchange rate effects of EUR 
2.8 billion, and with changes in the composition of the Group having a net reducing effect of EUR 0.6 billion.  
The United States, Germany, and Systems Solutions operating segments made a positive contribution to the 
development of adjusted EBITDA AL. In the United States operating segment adjusted EBITDA AL increased 
by 12.9 per cent., essentially due to exchange rate effects. In organic terms, adjusted EBITDA AL grew by 
0.1 per cent. in 2022 compared with 2021. The Germany operating segment contributed to the increase 
thanks to high-value revenue growth and improved cost efficiency with 3.2 per cent. higher adjusted EBITDA 
AL. Adjusted EBITDA AL in the Europe operating segment decreased by 1.1 per cent. In organic terms, 
however, adjusted EBITDA AL grew by 3.1 per cent., again making a significant positive contribution to 
earnings, with a positive net margin more than sufficient to offset the higher indirect costs. In the Systems 
Solutions operating segment, adjusted EBITDA AL increased by 4.8 per cent. or, in organic terms, by 0.9 per 
cent. Efficiency effects from its transformation program and effects from increased revenue in the Digital 
Solutions and Road Charging portfolio units exceeded the decline in earnings in the traditional IT 
infrastructure business. Adjusted EBITDA AL in the Group Development operating segment declined by 26.2 
per cent. in 2022 compared with 2021 due to the sale of T-Mobile Netherlands as of March 31, 2022. In 
organic terms, it increased by 26.4 per cent., since the GD Towers business posted consistent growth on the 
back of a rising number of cell tower sites and was further strengthened by the development of the Austrian 
cell tower business.  
EBITDA AL increased by EUR 2.1 billion or 6.2 per cent. to EUR 36.0 billion in 2022 compared to 2021, with 
special factors changing from EUR -3.4 billion to EUR -4.2 billion. Expenses incurred in connection with staff-
related measures, especially in the United States operating segment, increased by EUR 0.5 billion, and in 
connection with non-staff-related restructuring by EUR 0.2 billion against 2021. Net expenses of 
EUR 2.3 billion were recorded as special factors under deconsolidations, disposals, and acquisitions. 
EUR 4.6 billion of this primarily related to expenses in connection with integration costs incurred as a result 
of the business combination of T-Mobile US and Sprint. These expenses included in particular discounts on 
terminal equipment for former Sprint customers whose devices can no longer be used in the T-Mobile US 
mobile network, and expenses arising in connection with the decommissioning of the former Sprint mobile 
network. The latter primarily comprise additional depreciation, amortization and impairment losses from 
reductions in the useful lives of leased network technology for cell sites in the United States. In connection 
with the agreement to sell the fiber-optic-based wireline business, T-Mobile US recorded expenses totaling 
EUR 0.7 billion in the third quarter of 2022 on account of payment obligations entered into. In addition to the 
agreed sale of the wireline business, a gain of EUR 0.1 billion from the consummated sale of IP addresses 
of the fiber-optic-based wireline network in the United States was recognized. Income of EUR 1.7 billion 
resulted from the deconsolidation of GlasfaserPlus, EUR 0.9 billion from the sale of T-Mobile Netherlands, 
and another EUR 0.1 billion from the deconsolidation of DIV II. In 2021, net expenses of EUR 2.5 billion had 
been recorded as special factors under effects of deconsolidations, disposals and acquisitions. These 
expenses also primarily relate to the business combination of T-Mobile US and Sprint. The impairment losses 
recognized as special factors amounted to EUR 0.3 billion in 2022 and mainly related to right-of-use assets 
used in connection with the former Sprint's fiber-optic-based wireline network. Other special factors affecting 
EBITDA AL amounted to minus EUR 0.3 billion and include net expenses (including insurance compensation) 
of EUR 0.4 billion in connection with the proceedings pending in consequence of the cyberattack on T-Mobile 
US in August 2021, as well as insurance compensation of EUR 0.2 billion in connection with damage 
sustained in the catastrophic flooding in North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate in July 2021.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Contribution of the segments to adjusted Group EBITDA AL (according to the management 
approach) 
 
2022 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group EBITDA 
AL per cent. 
2021 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group EBITDA 
AL per cent. 
Change 
millions of 
EUR 
Change 
per cent. 
EBITDA AL (ADJUSTED 
FOR SPECIAL FACTORS) IN 
THE GROUP 
40,208 
100.0 
37,330 
100.0 
2,878 
7.7 
Germany 
9,837 
24.5 
9,536 
25.5 
301 
3.2 
United States 
25,614 
63.7 
22,697 
60.8 
2,917 
12.9 
Europe 
3,964 
9.9 
4,007 
10.7 
(43) 
(1.1) 
Systems Solutions 
284 
0.7 
271 
0.7 
13 
4.8 
Group Development 
964 
2.4 
1,307 
3.5 
(343) 
(26.2) 
Group Headquarters & Group 
Services 
(437) 
(1.1) 
(440) 
(1.2) 
3 
0.7 
Reconciliation 
(17) 
(0.0) 
(47) 
(0.1) 
30 
63.8 
EBIT 
According to the management approach, group EBIT in 2022 increased to EUR 16.2 billion, up EUR 3.1 
billion or 23.8 per cent. against 2021. This increase is due in particular to the effects described under 
adjusted EBITDA AL and EBITDA AL. At EUR 27.8 billion, depreciation, amortization and impairment 
losses were EUR 0.3 billion higher than in 2021. 
Impairment losses increased by EUR 0.9 billion to EUR 1.2 billion, of which EUR 0.9 billion related to 
the United States operating segment, mainly in connection with assets of the former Sprint's fiber-optic-
based fixed network. These impairment losses arose in part in connection with the sale of the business 
agreed in September 2022. Further impairment losses of EUR 0.1 billion related to the Systems 
Solutions operating segment and the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment. These related to 
follow-up investments in connection with assets previously impaired in the 2020 and 2021 financial 
years. Furthermore, despite the business outlook remaining positive, the substantial increase in the cost 
of capital in 2022 prompted further impairment losses to be recognized on non-current assets at the end 
of 2022. In addition, impairment losses of EUR 0.1 billion related to the Europe operating segment in 
connection with non-current assets in the Romanian fixed-network business. The national company 
continues to operate in the structurally challenging and highly competitive Romanian market at prices 
that are low compared with other countries. In addition, high energy prices and sharp rises in interest 
rates had a negative impact on the enterprise value. The impairment losses recognized in the prior year 
amounted to EUR 0.3 billion and related primarily to the Systems Solutions operating segment and the 
Group Headquarters & Group Services segment. 
By contrast, depreciation and amortization decreased by EUR 0.5 billion. In the Group Development 
operating segment, depreciation and amortization were down on the 2021 level in connection with the 
fact that T-Mobile Netherlands had been held for sale until it was sold and accordingly the related 
depreciation and amortization had been suspended, and in connection with its subsequent sale. In 
addition, depreciation and amortization were suspended for the GD Towers business entity, which has 
been held for sale since 13 July 2022. Depreciation on property, plant and equipment in the United 
States operating segment declined due to the ongoing strategic withdrawal from the terminal equipment 
lease business. By contrast, in the United States operating segment a reduction in the useful life of 
leased network technology for cell sites in connection with the business combination of T-Mobile US 
and Sprint, as well as the modification of existing arrangements between T-Mobile US and Crown 
Castle, mainly relating to the lease of cell sites from Crown Castle, resulted in higher depreciation of the 
corresponding right-of-use assets.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Profit before income taxes 
According to the Management approach, profit before income taxes increased by EUR 3.8 billion to 
EUR 11.7 billion. The loss from financial activities decreased from EUR 5.1 billion in 2021 to EUR 4.5 
billion in 2022, with other financial income/expense improving from minus EUR 0.4 billion to EUR 1.4 
billion. This was attributable in particular to positive measurement effects from a forward transaction to 
hedge the price of acquiring shares in T‐Mobile US in the future and positive measurement effects from 
the amortization and subsequent measurement of the stock options received from SoftBank in June 
2020 to buy shares in T-Mobile US. Less pronounced negative measurement effects from derivatives 
of T-Mobile US embedded in bonds compared with 2021 also contributed to this. The interest component 
from the measurement of provisions and liabilities increased by EUR 0.4 billion. This increase was 
mainly attributable to the subsequent measurement using actuarial principles of the present value of the 
provision recognized for the Civil Service Health Insurance Fund. However, finance costs also increased 
from EUR 4.6 billion to EUR 5.3 billion. This was primarily due to the modification of the arrangements 
between T‐Mobile US and Crown Castle, which resulted in an increase in the carrying amounts of lease 
liabilities, as well as to variable-interest financial liabilities in connection with the rise in interest rates in 
2022. The share of profit/loss of associates and joint ventures included in the consolidated financial 
statements using the equity method declined from EUR minus 0.1 billion to EUR minus 0.5 billion. This 
was due to an impairment loss of EUR 0.5 billion recognized in 2022 on the carrying amount of the stake 
in GlasfaserPlus. The impairment loss was triggered by the current macroeconomic developments and 
the associated sharp rise in interest rates. 
Net profit/loss 
According to the management approach, in 2022 net profit increased by EUR 3.8 billion to EUR 8.0 billion. 
The tax expense from continuing operations and the discontinued operation increased by EUR 0.4 billion to 
EUR 2.2 billion. Profit attributable to non-controlling interests decreased from EUR 1.9 billion to EUR 1.5 
billion, with the decrease being primarily attributable to the United States operating segment. Excluding 
special factors, which had a negative overall effect of EUR 1.1 billion on net profit, adjusted net profit 
amounted to EUR 9.1 billion, up EUR 3.2 billion against 2021. 
Selected consolidated statement of financial position data 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2022 
Change 
31 Dec. 2021 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
CURRENT ASSETS 
39,144 
345 
38,799 
OF WHICH: Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
4,683 
(173) 
4,856 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
259,446 
16,618 
242,828 
TOTAL ASSETS 
298,590 
16,963 
281,627 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
 
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
45,389 
6,586 
38,803 
OF WHICH: Liabilities directly associated with non-current assets 
and disposal groups held for sale 
3,347 
1,982 
1,365 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
165,881 
4,526 
161,355 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
87,320 
5,851 
81,469 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
298,590 
16,963 
281,627

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Financial liabilities of the Group 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2022 
 
Total 
Due within 
≤ 1 year 
Due 
>1 year 
≤ 5 years 
Due 
> 5 years 
Bonds and other securitised liabilities 
93,802 
9,377 
26,709 
57,715 
Liabilities to banks 
4,122 
1,442 
1,627 
1,053 
Total 
97,924 
10,819 
28,336 
58,768 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities with the right of creditors to priority repayment 
in the event of default 
2,925 
750 
2,006 
168 
Other interest-bearing liabilities 
7,526 
1,130 
3,010 
3,387 
Liabilities from deferred interesta 
999 
999 
0 
0 
Other non-interest-bearing liabilitiesa 
769 
583 
172 
14 
Derivative financial liabilities 
2,889 
108 
797 
1,984 
Total 
15,107 
3,570 
5,985 
5,552 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
113,030 
14,389 
34,321 
64,320 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
38,792 
5,126 
13,984 
19,682 
a 
Liabilities from deferred interest include outstanding interest payments on non-derivative financial liabilities that are economically 
allocable to 2022, but which have not yet been paid due to the fact that the interest payment date is in the future. In the interests 
of transparency, these liabilities will be presented separately from 2022 onward. 
 
Net debt increased from EUR 132.1 billion at the end of 2021 to EUR 142.4 billion at the end of 2022. 
This increase is largely attributable to the modification of the arrangements between T-Mobile US and 
Crown Castle. This resulted in an overall increase in net debt of EUR 7.4 billion. Other effects increasing 
net debt were exchange effects (EUR 5.9 billion), the addition to lease liabilities and right-of-use assets 
(EUR 4.6 billion), dividend payments including non-controlling interests (EUR 3.4 billion), spectrum 
acquisition (3.2 billion), the T-Mobile US share buy back programm (EUR 3.0 billion) and the increase 
of the stake in T-Mobile US (EUR 2.2 billion). Other increasing effects of EUR 0.6 billion include, among 
other factors, the recognition of liabilities for the acquisition of media broadcasting rights, share buy-
backs at Deutsche Telekom's subsidiaries, and contrasting measurement effects in connection with 
derivatives. Factors with a decreasing effect on net debt were the positive free cash flow (before dividend 
payments and spectrum investment) of EUR 15.2 billion and the T-Mobile Netherlands and GlafaserPlus 
corporate transactions of EUR 4.7 billion. 
Off-balance-sheet financial instruments mainly relate to the sale of receivables by means of factoring. 
Total receivables sold as of 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 2.8 billion (31 December 2021: 
EUR 3.3 billion). At the end of 2022, this solely related to factoring agreements in the United States 
operating segment. The decline in 2022 compared with 2021 was mainly attributable to the scheduled 
termination of factoring agreements in the Germany operating segment. The agreements are used in 
particular for active receivables management.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Selected condensed consolidated statement of cashflows data and related alternative performance 
measures  
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  
35,819 
32,171 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
712 
808 
Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum investment) 
and property, plant and equipment (CASH CAPEX)a 
(21,019) 
(17,978) 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipmenta 
439 
139 
FREE CASH FLOW (BEFORE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS AND SPECTRUM INVEST)a 
15,239 
14,332 
Principal portion of repayment of lease liabilities10,a 
(3,769) 
(5,521) 
FREE CASH FLOW AL (BEFORE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS AND SPECTRUM INVEST)a 
11,470 
8,810 
 
 
 
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
(22,306) 
(27,403) 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
(277) 
(296) 
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
(15,438) 
(10,779) 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
(192) 
(193) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
93 
620 
Changes in cash and cash equivalents associated with non-current assets and disposal groups held for 
sale 
(18) 
68 
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
(1,850) 
(5,323) 
 
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
5,767 
7,617 
a This is an APM not presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows of Deutsche Telekom 
 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) increased by EUR 2.7 billion 
to EUR 11.5 billion in 2022 compared to 2021. 
Net cash from operating activities increased by EUR 3.6 billion. Exchange rate effects also had an 
increasing effect on net cash from operating activities. Factoring agreements resulted in positive effects 
of EUR 0.1 billion on net cash from operating activities in 2022. In 2021, factoring agreements had had 
negative effects of EUR 0.1 billion. Higher cash outflows in connection with the integration of Sprint in 
the United States and an increase of EUR 0.4 billion in net interest payments in particular had a 
decreasing effect.  
Cash capex (before spectrum investment) increased by EUR 3.0 billion compared with 2021 to 
EUR 21.0 billion. Cash capex in the United States operating segment increased by EUR 3.0 billion to 
EUR 13.4 billion, mainly as a result of the accelerated build-out of the 5G network, the integration of 
Sprint, and exchange rate effects. Cash capex in the Germany operating segment increased by 
EUR 0.3 billion. Capital expenditure in the Germany operating segment totaled around EUR 4.4 billion 
in 2022, in particular for the build-out of the fiber-optic and 5G networks. In the Europe operating 
 
10 
Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile-US.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
segment, the investments remained stable at EUR 1.8 billion. Here, Deutsche Telekom also continues 
to invest in the provision of broadband and fiber-optic technology and in 5G as part of its integrated 
network strategy. Cash capex in the Group Development operating segment totaled EUR 0.3 billion and 
was thus down EUR 0.2 billion in 2022 compared with 2021. The reduction is mainly due to the sale of 
T-Mobile Netherlands and lower build-out investments made by GD Towers compared with 2021. Lower 
cash outflows for the decrease in the principal portion of repayments of lease liabilities were due in 
particular to leases in the United States operating segment. 
Outlook 
Market Expectations 
Macroeconomic development 
Russia's war against Ukraine slowed growth in all regions, drove up inflation, and intensified shortages in 
individual markets right from the start of 2022. Extensive sanctions were imposed on Russia in response to 
its aggression. Dwindling gas deliveries from Russia pushed up energy prices. High inflation has prompted 
the U.S. Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank, and other central banks to take determined action to 
tighten monetary policy. Consumer confidence fell significantly over the course of 2022. The manufacturing 
industry suffered supply chain disruptions and rising wholesale costs in 2022. Repeated lockdowns in China 
until December 2022 as a consequence of the nation's strict Covid strategy continued to impact on economic 
activity. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) projects a 3.4 per cent. increase in world economic output for 2022, 
1 percentage point less than forecast in 2021. Economic growth also slowed substantially in Deutsche 
Telekom's core markets in 2022. The harmonized index of consumer prices increased by 8.7 per cent. in 
2022, with energy and food prices recording particularly notable increases. The European Central Bank 
countered this development by raising its benchmark interest rates four times in 2022. 
GERMANY 
In Germany, although gross domestic product (GDP) increased by 1.8 per cent. in 2022 compared with 
2021, economic output was down 0.2 per cent. in the fourth quarter of 2022 against the previous quarter. A 
technical recession is expected for the early part of 2023.  
In January 2023, the industry association Bitkom estimated that total revenue in the telecommunications 
industry in Germany had increased by 1.3 per cent. to EUR 68.9 billion in 2022 compared with 2021. This 
was largely due to the abatement of the coronavirus pandemic, such that the telecommunications industry 
recorded growth despite the war in Ukraine. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to growth in 
telecommunications infrastructure (7.3 per cent.) and telecommunications terminal equipment 
(1.8 per cent.), but also to a lesser extent to growth in telecommunications services (0.3 per cent.). 
According to market research company Analysys Mason, the number of broadband lines in Germany 
increased by 1.1 per cent. by the end of the first half of 2022 to 38.0 million lines compared to the same 
period in 2021. According to the industry association VATM, service revenue in the German mobile 
communications market increased by 3.4 per cent. in 2022 compared with 2021, driven mainly by the 
uninterrupted upswing in data usage, which grew by 47.4 per cent.  
Digitalization is continuing apace, and as a result there is also growing demand by the industry for more 
connectivity to allow machines and production sites to be networked and to tap efficiencies in value chains. 
Extensive IT and cloud solutions, as well as intelligent approaches to M2M communication (machine-to-
machine), are needed in order to meet these demands. 
UNITED STATES 
The U.S. economy also cooled off noticeably over the course of 2022. Growth sank from 5.9 per cent. in 
2021 to 2.0 per cent. in 2022. The shrinking disposable income of private households pushed down 
consumer demand. Higher interest rates also had a considerable impact on spending, especially on real 
estate investments. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised its federal funds rate in seven steps in 2022. Inflation 
calculated on the basis of the consumer price index peaked in June 2022 at 9.1 per cent., falling back to 
6.5 per cent. in December 2022. 
In the United States, consumers continued to show strong demand for telecommunications services. In the 
third quarter 2022, residential broadband market growth was stronger than in the third quarters preceding 
the coronavirus pandemic, adding approximately 625 thousand subscribers compared to between 515 and 
540 thousand before the pandemic. Wireless broadband services, too, rose, with the largest three wireless 
operators and Comcast and Charter adding 2.3 million postpaid phone subscribers in the third quarter 2022, 
continuing the upward trends of recent quarters. Wireless demand was driven, among other things, by strong

--- Page 33 ---
33 
business demand, desires for more second devices, stronger demand by younger and older consumers and 
an ongoing shift from prepaid to postpaid. 
To meet consumer demand, U.S. operators have continued to invest in infrastructure and network upgrades. 
Wireless carriers in 2022 also invested significantly in fixed wireless broadband services in the United States. 
Competition from fixed wireless broadband as well as general demand for broadband services is prompting 
cable providers to invest in their networks. Operators are also showing strong interest in fiber buildouts. 
Fiber is seen by many as an effective long-term solution to satisfy broadband demands. 
EUROPE 
The majority of the economies of Deutsche Telekom's Europe operating segment recorded higher growth in 
2022 than the EU area as a whole, which recorded growth of 3.3 per cent. GDP growth in Greece, Poland, 
and Hungary stood between 4 per cent. and 6 per cent. in 2022. However, due to high inflation rates and 
some more restrictive financing conditions, this growth slowed markedly in the second half of 2022.  
The telecommunications markets of the Europe segment were heavily affected by global events in 2022: 
The war in Ukraine had a major negative impact on economic development. The associated extensive 
sanctions against Russia had a knock-on effect on energy and producer prices. This resulted in sharp rises 
in inflation rates in these countries, leading to customers making economies in their selection of 
telecommunications products. Nevertheless, demand for broadband and TV services remained high. This is 
also reflected in Analysys Mason's figures for the fixed-network business (excluding systems solutions) for 
the first half of 2022: The business is growing, driven in particular by the increase in broadband business. 
This offset the decline in revenues from voice telephony. Mobile business also performed better than in 
2021. 
The market players in Europe focused their acquisition activities in the reporting year on becoming providers 
of convergent product bundles comprising fixed-network and mobile services (FMC). Convergent product 
bundles are now established in Deutsche Telekom's markets and consistently post high growth rates. 
According to Analysys Mason, the number of FMC customers and revenues continued to grow in the first 
half of 2022 compared with the same period in 2021.  
In the markets of the Europe operating segment, subscription-based streaming services are now also on the 
rise. The substitution potential for traditional "pay TV" is (still) manageable, although rising, since localization 
and local content are both on the increase. This trend is being delayed in part by the development of the 
macroeconomic situation.  
In 2022, business to business operations kept pace with changing circumstances as the coronavirus 
pandemic abated. After an economically strong first half of 2022, Europe has now entered a much more 
challenging phase. The war in Ukraine and its consequences as well as increased inflationary pressures 
have had a negative impact on all industries. Owing to their geographic proximity to the war and their heavy 
dependence on gas imports from Russia, the countries of the Europe segment are among the most heavily 
affected economies. 
SYSTEMS SOLUTIONS 
In the IT industry in Deutsche Telekom's core market of Western Europe, the volume that can be addressed 
by its Systems Solutions operating segment and the T-Systems brand increased by 5.6 per cent. in 2022 to 
EUR 172 billion. Companies continue to invest in digital solutions.  
In Germany, in terms of IT services, demand has grown further for public cloud services and cybersecurity 
services, as has the importance of digitalization (including Industry 4.0). The security market in Western 
Europe addressed by T-Systems grew by 10.7 per cent. in 2022. The health sector also developed positively, 
posting double-digit growth rates in areas including telehealth and the healthcare cloud in Germany. By 
contrast, growth in demand slowed in the market segments for traditional infrastructure, project business, 
and SAP services. 
Competitive and price pressure persisted in all submarkets of the Systems Solutions operating segment. In 
addition, the effects of the war in Ukraine had an impact on business, for example due to increased raw 
material prices and high levels of inflation. 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES, EMPLOYEES 
The Board of Management 
The Board of Management responsibilities were distributed across eight Board departments. Four of these 
are the central management areas: 
– Chairman of the Board of Management

--- Page 34 ---
34 
and the Board departments 
– Finance 
– Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
– Technology and Innovation 
In addition, there are four segment-based Board departments:  
– Germany 
– Europe  
– T-Systems 
– USA and Group development 
Composition of the Board of Management 
Members of the Board of 
Management 
Department 
Principal outside functions 
Timotheus Höttges 
Chairman of the Board of Management 
Member of supervisory boards of Mercedes-Benz 
Group AG, Stuttgart and Mercedes Benz AG, 
Stuttgart 
Adel Al-Saleh 
T-Systems 
Member of the Board of Directors, BT Group plc, 
London, United Kingdom 
Birgit Bohle 
Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
none 
Srini Gopalan 
Germany 
none 
Dr. Christian P. Illek 
Finance 
none 
Thorsten Langheim 
USA and Group Development 
Member of the supervisory board of FC Bayern 
München AG, Munich, Member of the Limited 
Partner Advisory Committee of Digital Infrastructure 
Vehicle II SCSp SICAV-RAIF, Luxembourg, 
Chairman of the Shareholder Committee of GD 
Towers Holding GmbH, Bonn 
Dominique Leroy 
Europe 
Member of the Board of Directors of Compagnie de 
Saint-Gobain SA, Courbevoie, France 
Claudia Nemat 
Technology and Innovation 
Member of supervisory board of Airbus Defence 
and Space GmbH, Ottobrunn and member of the 
Board of Directors of Airbus Group SE, Leiden, 
Netherlands  
 
The Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board advises the Board of Management and oversees its management of business. In 
accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the German Co-Determination Act 
of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), Deutsche Telekom AG's Supervisory Board consists of twenty members, 
ten of whom represent its shareholders and ten of whom represent its employees. Members of the 
Supervisory Board may be elected for a term of up to five years and re-election is permitted. The Chairman 
and the Deputy Chairman are elected by the Supervisory Board in accordance with the rules of the German 
Co-Determination Act. 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG and their principal occupations are 
listed below: 
Shareholder representatives 
Dr. Frank Appel, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Post AG, Bonn 
and member of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE, Bad Homburg 
Dr. Günther Bräunig, former CEO of the Executive Board of KfW, Frankfurt am Main, Chairman of the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Supervisory Board of Deutsche Pfandbrief AG, Unterschleißheim 
Katja Hessel, Parliamentary State Secretary to the Federal Minister of Finance, Berlin 
Lars Hinrichs, CEO of Cinco Capital GmbH, Hamburg and CEO of Digital Art Museum GmbH, Hamburg, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Xempus AG, Munich 
Dr. Helga Jung, former member of the Board of Management of Allianz SE, Munich, member of the 
Supervisory Boards of Allianz Versicherungs-AG, Munich, and Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG, Stuttgart, 
and Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty SE, Munich 
Dagmar P. Kollmann, entrepreneur; member of several supervisory boards and advisory boards as well as 
the Monopolies Commission; former CEO of Morgan Stanley Bank, Frankfurt am Main; former Member of 
the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited, London, United Kingdom, Chairwoman 
of the Supervisory Board of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Frankfurt/Main, member of comparable 
supervisory bodies of Coca Cola European Partner plc, London, United Kingdom, Paysafe Holdings UK 
Limited, London, United Kingdom, and Unibail-Rodamco SE, Paris, France 
Harald Krüger, managing partner of KC&C GmbH, Gräfelfing, former Chairman of the Board of Management 
of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, Munich, member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Lufthansa AG, 
Cologne 
Karl-Heinz Streibich, Honorary Chairman of the acatech senate and former President of acatech – Deutsche 
Akademie der Technikwissenschaften (National Academy of Science and Engineering), Berlin, Debuty 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Siemens Healthineers AG, Erlangen, and member of the Supervisory 
Board of Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft in München, Munich 
Margret Suckale, former member of the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen, member 
of the Supervisory Boards of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, Frankfurt/Main, HeidelbergCement AG, 
Heidelberg and Infineon Technologies AG, Neubiberg 
Stefan B. Wintels, Chief Executive Officer of KfW, Frankfurt am Main and member of the Supervisory Board 
of Deutsche Post AG, Bonn, and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KfW Capital GmbH & Co. KG, 
Frankfurt 
Employee representatives 
Odysseus D. Chatzidis, Chairman of the European Works Council of Deutsche Telekom, Bonn 
Constantin Greve, Chairman of the Central Works Council of Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn  
Nicole Koch, Chairwoman of the Works Council at Deutsche Telekom Privatkunden-Vertrieb GmbH, Bonn 
and member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom Privatkunden-Vertrieb GmbH, Bonn 
Petra Steffi Kreusel, Senior Vice President, Customer & Public Relations at Deutsche Telekom 
Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn; Group Officer for Digital Education and School at Deutsche Telekom AG, 
Bonn; Deputy Chairwoman of the Group Executive Staff Representation Committee of Deutsche Telekom 
AG, Bonn; Chairwoman of the Executive Staff Representation Committee of Deutsche Telekom 
Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn 
Kerstin Marx, Chairwoman of the Group Works Council at Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn  
Frank Sauerland, Head of the Collective Bargaining Policy Committee, TC/IT National Committee at the 
ver.di National Executive Board, Berlin, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Deputy Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board of Telekom Deutschland GmbH, Bonn 
Susanne Schöttke, Head of State District North ver.di, Lübeck, member of the Supervisory Board of MVV 
Energie AG, Mannheim 
Lothar Schröder, Trade Union Secretary, former member of the ver.di National Executive Board, Berlin, 
member of the Supervisory Board of Vereinigte Postversicherung VVaG, Stuttgart, VPV Holding AG, 
Stuttgart, VPV Lebensversicherungs-AG, Stuttgart 
Nicole Seelemann-Wandtke, Deputy Chairwoman of the Works Council of the Consumers unit at Telekom 
Deutschland GmbH, Bonn 
Karin Topel, Chairwoman of the Works Council at Deutsche Telekom Technik GmbH, Bonn, Technical 
Branch Office, Eastern District and member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom Technik GmbH, 
Bonn 
Amongst others the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG has set up an audit committee. The Audit

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Committee's area of responsibility is essentially defined by German and European legislation, the German 
Corporate Governance Code, and its own Rules of Procedure. Amongst other things, it includes, in 
particular, the review of accounting, the monitoring of the accounting process, the effectiveness of the 
internal control system, risk management and the internal auditing systems, compliance, and data privacy. 
The Audit Committee also handles matters relating to the audit of Deutsche Telekom AG's financial 
statements, in particular selecting and ensuring the independence of the external auditor, and of the 
additional services provided by the external auditor, the commissioning of the external auditor, the stipulation 
of the main focuses of the audit, and the agreement on fees. 
Dagmar P. Kollmann is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The other members of the Audit Committee 
are Dr. Günther Bräunig, Dr. Helga Jung, Kerstin Marx, Petra Steffi Kreusel and Susanne Schöttke. 
German Corporate Governance Code, Potential Conflicts of Interest and Business Address  
On 30 December 2022, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG 
declared that in the period since submission of the most recent declaration of conformity pursuant to § 161 of 
the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on 30 December 2021, Deutsche Telekom AG has 
complied with the recommendations of the Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance 
Code announced by the Federal Ministry of Justice on 20 March 2020, in the official section of the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), with the exception of recommendation C.5 (maximum number of supervisory 
board mandates). 
In addition, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG further declared 
that as of 30 December 2022 Deutsche Telekom AG complies with the recommendations of the Government 
Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code, published by the Federal Ministry of Justice in 
the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 27 June 2022, with the exception of 
recommendation C.5 (maximum number of supervisory board mandates). 
Katja Hessel, Stefan B. Wintels and Dr. Günther Bräunig are members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche 
Telekom AG. At the same time, Katja Hessel is Parliamentary State Secretary to the Federal Minister of 
Finance, Berlin, Stefan B. Wintels is CEO of the Executive Board KfW and Dr. Günther Bräunig was until 
31 October 2021 also CEO of the Executive Board at KfW. Deutsche Telekom AG is at times involved in 
legal disputes in which the Federal Republic of Germany is the opposing party. In 2022 there were no 
conflicts of interest requiring action with any of the aforementioned members of the Supervisory Board. 
Should a conflict of interest arise, the Supervisory Board members will discuss how to proceed with the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board. 
Thorsten Langheim's departmental responsibilities in the Board of Management include, amongst others, 
Deutsche Telekom AG's venture capital and private equity activities in the investment management groups 
Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners ("DTCP") and Digital Infrastructure Vehicle II ("DIV II"). Thorsten 
Langheim has an option to take a leading role in DTCP/DIV II after his term as member of the Board of 
Management. Prior to becoming a member of the Board of Management, Thorsten Langheim sold partnership 
interests in carried interest vehicles of funds managed by DTCP to Deutsche Telekom the purchase price of 
which will be independently revaluated as of 31 December 2023. A comprehensive package of measures is 
in place to mitigate any conflicts of interest. 
With these exceptions there are no potential conflicts of interest among the members of the Board of 
Management and of the Supervisory Board between their obligations to Deutsche Telekom AG and their 
private interests or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board is Deutsche 
Telekom AG, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Employees 
Headcount development. 
 
 
 
Full time employees in the Group 
31 Dec. 2022 
31 Dec. 2021 
TOTAL 
206,759 
216,528 
Of which: Deutsche Telekom AG  
12,302 
13,897 
Of which: civil servants (in Germany, with an active service relationship) 
8,381 
9,653 
Germany operating segment 
59,014 
61,768 
United States operating segment 
67,088 
71,094 
Europe operating segment 
34,083 
35,319 
Systems Solutions operating segment 
27,392 
26,175 
Group Development 
828 
2,674 
Of which: GD Towers 
762 
775 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
18,353 
19,498 
Deutsche Telekom Group's headcount decreased by 4.5 per cent. in 2022 compared with end of 2021. The 
number of employees in the Germany operating segment declined by 4.5 per cent. compared with 2021, 
largely due to the take-up of socially responsible instruments as part of staff restructuring activities, such as 
dedicated retirement and phased retirement. The total number of employees in the United States operating 
segment decreased by 5.6 per cent. The decline against year-end 2021 is primarily due to intentional 
headcount rationalization to manage costs. In the Europe operating segment, the headcount was down 
3.5 per cent. compared with the end of 2021, in particular in Greece, Slovakia, Poland, and Croatia. The total 
headcount in the Systems Solutions operating segment was up 4.6 per cent. against the end of 2021. The 
effect on headcount of the efficiency enhancement measures was more than offset by increased staff 
requirements in the growth areas. In the Group Development operating segment, the sharp decrease in 
headcount of 69.0 per cent. was mainly due to the sale of T-Mobile Netherlands as of March 31, 2022. The 
headcount in the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment was down 5.9 per cent. compared with the 
end of 2021, mainly due to the ongoing staff restructuring in the Technology and Innovation unit, primarily in 
connection with a transformation program at Deutsche Telekom IT, and continued staff restructuring at 
Vivento. 
Civil Servants 
Although no employees hired after 1 January 1995 have been granted civil servant status, Deutsche 
Telekom employs a substantial number of civil servants. Pursuant to the law governing Deutsche Telekom's 
privatisation, its civil servant employees retained their civil servant status. Accordingly, the terms and 
conditions of their employment and the benefits owed to them continue to be governed by German 
regulations regarding civil servants. Civil servants are tenured employees and may not be unilaterally 
terminated except in extraordinary, statutorily defined circumstances. Although Deutsche Telekom is 
authorised, pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, to exercise generally the rights and duties of 
Germany as the employer of civil servants, the Federal Postal and Telecommunication Agency 
(Bundesanstalt für Post und Telekommunikation or the Federal Agency) has a right of consultation in the 
implementation of certain aspects of the terms under which Deutsche Telekom employs civil servants. 
Under the German Postal Employees Act (Postpersonalrechtsgesetz), which governs the legal position of 
civil servants at Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom has been given greater flexibility with respect to 
its relationship with its civil servants. Under certain circumstances, civil servants may also be transferred, 
even without their consent, to companies in which Deutsche Telekom AG has a direct or indirect majority 
shareholding. However, there is a risk that civil servants temporarily without civil servant status may return 
to Deutsche Telekom AG, for example, after the completion of their work at one of Deutsche Telekom's 
subsidiaries.  
Civil servants employed by Deutsche Telekom are entitled to pension benefits provided by the German

--- Page 38 ---
38 
federal government pursuant to the German Civil Servants' Benefits Act (Beamtenversorgungsgesetz). 
Pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, Deutsche Telekom is required to make annual contributions 
to a special pension fund established to fund such pension obligations (Bundes-Pensions-Service für Post 
und Telekommunikation e.V.).  
Pensions 
Deutsche Telekom manages its pension commitments based on the Group-wide Global Pension Policy. It 
ensures on a worldwide basis that Group minimum standards regarding the granting and management of 
company pension benefits are complied with, plans are harmonised, and financial and other risks to the core 
business are avoided or reduced. In addition, the policy provides guidelines for the implementation and 
management of pension commitments and defines requirements for the launch, adjustment, and closure of 
corresponding plans. The regulations and provisions laid down in this Group policy take into account the 
national differences in state pension and other commitments under labor, tax, and social law and the 
common business practices in the area of pension commitments. 
As of 31 December 2022, the defined benefit liability amounted to EUR 4.2 billion, compared to 
EUR 6.1 billion as at year end 2021. The decrease in provisions for pensions was mainly due to the higher 
discount rate, which was partially offset by the development of the fair values of plan assets. All this resulted 
in an actuarial gain of EUR 1.8 billion from the remeasurement of defined benefit plans to be recognized 
directly in equity. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
The list below mentions the holders of ten per cent. or more of Deutsche Telekom's ordinary shares and 
their percentage of ownership, based on notifications received by Deutsche Telekom AG pursuant to Section 
33 paragraph 1 of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz). 
KfW: 
approx. 16.63 per cent. 
Federal Republic of Germany: 
approx. 13.83 per cent. 
Such shareholders do not have different voting rights from any of Deutsche Telekom AG's other 
shareholders. In their capacities as shareholders, the Federal Republic of Germany and KfW may exercise 
only those rights that they have under the Stock Corporation Act and Deutsche Telekom AG's Articles of 
Incorporation, which are the same for all of Deutsche Telekom AG's shareholders. 
At present, the Federal Republic of Germany and KfW each have one representative on Deutsche Telekom 
AG's Supervisory Board.  
According to the participation report of the Federal Government 2022 (Beteiligungsbericht des Bundes 2022) 
dated 28 February 2023, KfW is 80 per cent. owned by the Federal Republic of Germany. Should the Federal 
Republic of Germany or KfW decide on a reduction in the holdings of Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche 
Telekom AG does not expect that such a reduction would have a material negative effect on Deutsche 
Telekom AG's governance or business. 
Share Capital 
As of 31 December 2022, the share capital of Deutsche Telekom AG amounted to EUR 12,765,334,005.76 
divided into 4.986.458.596 registered ordinary shares without par value (Stückaktien). All shares have been 
issued and are fully paid. 
Voting Rights 
Each share entitles the holder to one vote. These voting rights are restricted, however, in relation to treasury 
shares and shares allocable to Deutsche Telekom in the same way as treasury shares (13,757,255 treasury 
shares were held at 31 December 2022). 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Audit of historical annual financial information 
Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as well as with the regulations under 
commercial law as set forth in § 315e(1) HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch - German Commercial Code). Deloitte 
has audited Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022. PwC has audited Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021. An unqualified auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) has been 
issued in each case.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Selected Financial data of Deutsche Telekom Group 
The figures shown in the table below were rounded in accordance with standard business rounding principles. As a result, the total indicated may 
not be equal to the precise sum of the individual figures. Changes were calculated on the basis of millions for greater precision. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
REVENUE AND EARNINGS (management approach) 
Change -compared 
to 
prior year 
per cent. a  
billions of EUR 
(unless stated 
otherwise) 
billions of EUR 
(unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net revenuea 
6.1 
114.4 
107.8 
 
 
Of which: domestic 
per cent. 
(0.9) 
22.1 
23.0 
 
 
Of which: international 
per cent. 
0.9 
77.9 
77.0 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) 
23.8 
16.2 
13.1 
 
 
Profit (loss) attributable to the owner of the parent (net profit 
(loss)) 
91.6 
8.0 
4.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APM – Management Approach 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA AL 
6.2 
36.0 
33.9 
 
 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) 
7.7 
40.2 
37.3 
 
 
EBITDA AL margin (adjusted for special factors) 
per cent.  
0.5 
35.1 
34.6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF 
31 DECEMBER 
Change 
 -compared to 
prior year 
per cent. 
billions of EUR 
(unless stated 
otherwise) 
billions of EUR 
(unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
 
Total assets 
6.0 
298.6 
281.6 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
7.2 
87.3 
81.5 
 
 
 
 
 
APM – Management Approach 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity ratio (Shareholders' equity/Total assets) 
per cent. 
0.3 
29.2 
28.9 
 
 
Net debt 
7.8 
142.4 
132.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
CASH FLOWS 
Change 
 -compared to 
prior year 
per cent. 
billions of EUR 
billions of EUR 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
11.3 
35.8 
32.2 
 
 
Net cash (used in) from investing activities 
18.6 
(22.3) 
(27.4) 
 
 
Net cash (used in) from financing activities 
(43.2) 
(15.4) 
(10.8) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APM – Management Approach 
 
 
 
 
 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment)  
6.3 
15.2 
14.3 
 
 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment)  
30.2 
11.5 
8.8 
 
 
a Since the third quarter of 2022, the GD Towers business entity has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements as a 
discontinued operation. However, in this Prospectus Deutsche Telekom continues to include the contribution by GD Towers in the 
results of operations according to the management approach. The 2021 comparatives were adjusted retrospectively to take account 
of changes to the principal/agent policy regarding the recognition of gross and net revenues as of the third quarter of 2022.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (APM) 
Deutsche Telekom uses certain alternative performance measures, which are non-GAAP figures not 
governed by IFRS. They should not be viewed in isolation as an alternative to profit or loss from operations, 
net profit or loss, net cash from operating activities, the liabilities reported in the consolidated statement of 
financial position, or other Deutsche Telekom key performance indicators presented in accordance with IFRS. 
You should use caution when reviewing Deutsche Telekom's APM. You should not regard them as: 
· 
an absolute measure of the consolidated financial performance or liquidity,  
· 
alternatives to revenue, group profit or any other performance measures prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, or  
· 
an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our consolidated cash flows or 
liquidity. 
In addition, other companies that present APM, whether on an adjusted basis or not, may present these 
figures on a basis different to those used by Deutsche Telekom. You should not regard Deutsche Telekom's 
APM as comparable with measures reported by other companies, even if those other measures are similarly 
named. 
EBITDA AL corresponds to EBIT (profit/loss from operations) before depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment losses and adjusted for depreciation of the right-of-use assets and for interest expenses on 
recognised lease liabilities. EBIT and EBITDA AL measure the short-term operational performance and the 
success of individual business areas. Deutsche Telekom also uses EBITDA AL margins11 to show how these 
indicators develop in relation to revenue. This makes it possible to compare the earnings performance of 
profit-oriented units of different sizes. The GD Towers business entity has been recognized in the 
consolidated financial statements as a discontinued operation since the third quarter of 2022. According to 
the management approach the financial performance indicator EBIDTA AL includes the contributions by GD 
Towers in the Group Development operating segment. 
Special factors have an impact on the presentation of operations, making it more difficult to compare 
performance indicators with corresponding figures for prior periods. For this reason, Deutsche Telekom 
additionally adjusts its performance indicators to provide transparency. Without this adjustment, statements 
about the future development of earnings are only possible to a limited extent. The adjusted values are 
calculated on the basis of the unadjusted performance indicators. 
The special factors which are used to calculate some alternative performance measures comprise staff-
related measures (such as early retirement compensation, severance and voluntary redundancy models), 
non-staff related restructuring, effects of de-consolidations, disposals and acquisitions, impairment losses 
and other effects that generally do not arise in conjunction within the ordinary course of business. 
Free Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) and Free Cash Flow AL (before 
dividend payments and spectrum investment) are the main measures for providers of debt capital and 
equity. It measures the potential for further developing the Company, e.g. for generating organic growth and 
the ability to pay dividends and repay debt. Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment) is determined by adjusting Free Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment) for repayments of lease liabilities. 
Cash capex relates to cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before 
spectrum investment) and property, plant and equipment, which are relevant for cash outflows as a 
component of free cash flow. 
In addition, Deutsche Telekom considers Net debt (calculated as the Group's gross debt (sum of current and 
non-current financial liabilities and lease liabilities minus accrued interest and other financial liabilities) minus 
certain financial assets (cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial assets and other financial assets)) to 
be an important performance indicator for investors, analysts, and rating agencies. 
 
11 EBITDA AL margin is calculated as EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) / Net revenue.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Reconciliation of EBITDA AL 
billions of EUR 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) – According to IFRS 
15.4 
12.6 
Discontinued Operation (GD Towers) 
0.7 
0.5 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) – According to the management approach 
16.2 
13.1 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses 
27.8 
27.5 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets b 
(6.5) 
(5.5) 
Interest expenses on recognised lease liabilities b 
(1.5) 
(1.1) 
EBITDA AL 
36.0 
33.9 
Special factors affecting EBITDA AL 
(4.2) 
(3.4) 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) 
40.2 
37.3 
b Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
 
 
Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow AL 
billions of EUR 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
Net Cash from operating activities  
35.8 
32.2 
Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum 
investment) and property, plant and equipment (Cash Capex) 
(21.0) 
(18.0) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets 
(7.6) 
(12.7) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in property, plant and equipment 
(16.6) 
(13.6) 
    Cash outflows for spectrum investment – not included in Cash Capex figure 
3.1 
8.4 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipment 
0.4 
0.1 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment)  
15.2 
14.3 
Principal portion of repayment of lease liabilities b 
(3.8) 
(5.5) 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment)  
11.5 
8.8 
b Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
 
 
Reconciliation of Net Debt 
billions of EUR 
31 Dec 2022 c 
31 Dec 2021 d 
 
 
 
Financial Liabilities (current and non-current) and lease liabilities 
154.1 
145.4 
Accrued interest 
(1.0) 
(1.0) 
Other 
(0.8) 
(0.9) 
Gross debt 
152.3 
143.5 
Cash and cash equivalents 
5.8 
7.6 
Derivative financial assets 
2.3 
2.8 
Other financial assets 
1.8 
1.0 
Net debt 
142.4 
132.1 
Lease liabilities 
38.7 
31.5 
Net debt AL 
103.7 
100.6 
c 
Including the net debt of the discontinued operation GD Towers and of the wireline business at T-
Mobile US included under liabilities directly associated with non-current assets and disposal 
groups held for sale as of December 31, 2022. 
d Including the net debt of T‐Mobile Netherlands included under liabilities directly associated with 
non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale as of December 31, 2021

--- Page 42 ---
42 
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The companies of Deutsche Telekom Group are involved in a number of legal proceedings in the ordinary 
course of Deutsche Telekom's business. In addition, proceedings involving alleged abuse of a market-
dominant position by Deutsche Telekom and other alleged antitrust violations, as well as other regulatory 
controversies, are pending before competition and regulatory authorities. 
Securities and Corporate Law-Related Proceedings 
Prospectus liability proceedings (third public offering, or DT3) 
The prospectus liability proceedings relate to initially around 2,600 ongoing lawsuits from some 16,000 
alleged buyers of Deutsche Telekom AG's shares sold on the basis of the prospectus published on 
26 May 2000. The plaintiffs assert that individual figures given in this prospectus were inaccurate or 
incomplete. The amount originally in dispute totalled approximately EUR 78 million plus interest. Some of the 
actions are also directed at KfW and/or the Federal Republic of Germany as well as the banks that handled 
the issuances. The Frankfurt/Main Regional Court had issued orders for reference to the Frankfurt/Main 
Higher Regional Court in accordance with the German Capital Investor Model Proceedings Act 
(Kapitalanleger-Musterverfahrensgesetz – KapMuG) and has temporarily suspended the initial proceedings. 
On 16 May 2012, the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court had ruled that there were no material errors in 
Deutsche Telekom AG's prospectus. In its decision on 21 October 2014, the Federal Court of Justice partly 
revoked this ruling, determined that there was a mistake in the prospectus, and referred the case back to the 
Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court. On 30 November 2016, the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court 
ruled that the mistake in the prospectus identified by the Federal Court of Justice could result in liability on 
the part of Deutsche Telekom AG, although the details of that liability would have to be established in the 
initial proceedings. Following an appeal from both parties, in February 2021, the Federal Court of Justice 
once again referred the proceedings back to the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court for further 
consideration. In November 2021, Deutsche Telekom AG presented a settlement concept under which a 
concrete settlement offer is to be made to every eligible plaintiff. The settlement offers are made without any 
judicial decision and do not constitute an admission of liability on the part of Deutsche Telekom AG. 
Settlements have now been agreed with the majority of the eligible plaintiffs. Deutsche Telekom AG has 
recognised appropriate provisions for risk in the statement of financial position. 
Claims relating to charges for shared use of cable ducts  
In 2012, Kabel Deutschland Vertrieb und Service GmbH (today Vodafone Deutschland GmbH ("VDG")) filed 
a claim against Telekom Deutschland GmbH to reduce the annual charge for the rights to use cable duct 
capacities in the future and gain a partial refund of the payments made in this connection since 2004. In 
similar proceedings, Unitymedia Hessen GmbH & Co. KG, Unitymedia NRW GmbH, and Kabel BW GmbH 
(today all Vodafone West) filed claims against Telekom Deutschland GmbH in January 2013, demanding that 
it cease charging the plaintiffs more than a specific and precisely stated amount for the shared use of cable 
ducts, including in the future. The claims were rejected by the Frankfurt Higher Regional Court (VDG) and by 
the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court (Vodafone West) and an appeal was not allowed in both cases. In 
response to the complaints of the plaintiffs against non-allowance of appeal, the Federal Court of Justice 
allowed the appeal by VDG to the extent that it relates to claims dating from 1 January 2012; the appeal by 
Vodafone West was allowed to the extent that it relates to claims dating from 1 January 2016. The claims 
were rejected with legally binding effect for the time periods prior to this, which leads to a significant reduction 
in current calculations of claims. In a ruling on 14 December 2021, the Federal Court of Justice referred the 
proceedings concerning the remaining claims back to the responsible Higher Regional Courts for a new 
hearing and decision. VDG has since updated its claim, which it now puts at around EUR 749 million plus 
interest for the period from January 2012 to December 2021. The plaintiff Vodafone West has also updated 
its claim, which it now puts at around EUR 418 million plus interest for the period from January 2016 to June 
2022. At present the financial impact of both these proceedings cannot be assessed with sufficient certainty. 
Sprint Merger class action 
On 1 June 2021, a shareholder class action and derivative action was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery 
against Deutsche Telekom AG, SoftBank, T-Mobile US, and all of Deutsche Telekom AG's officers and 
directors at that time, asserting breach of fiduciary duties relating to the purchase price amendment to the 
Merger Agreement, as well as SoftBank's subsequent monetization of its T-Mobile US shares. On 29 October 
2021, the action was amended. The amended action is directed at the same defendants and the same 
underlying transactions as the original action, however, it includes additional factual submissions on alleged 
facts. At present, the financial impact of these proceedings cannot be assessed with sufficient certainty. 
Proceedings against T-Mobile US as a consequence of the cyberattack on T-Mobile US 
In August 2021, T-Mobile US confirmed that their systems had been subject to a criminal cyberattack that

--- Page 43 ---
43 
compromised data of millions of their customers, former customers, and prospective customers. With the 
assistance of outside cybersecurity experts, T-Mobile US located and closed the unauthorized access to their 
systems and identified customers whose information was impacted and notified them, consistent with state 
and federal requirements. As a result of the cyberattack, numerous consumer class actions including mass 
arbitrations were filed against T-Mobile US. The class actions brought before the federal courts were 
consolidated into one action in December 2021. The plaintiffs are claiming damages in an as yet unspecified 
amount. On 22 July 2022, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement to settle the consumer class action in the 
Federal Court for USD 350 million (EUR 331 million). In addition, T-Mobile US has committed to spending a 
total of USD 150 million in 2022 and 2023 on data security and related technologies. The settlement is subject 
to final court approval. T-Mobile US expects that the settlement of the consumer class action, if approved by 
the court, together with further settlements already or still to be concluded with consumers, will satisfy 
essentially all claims asserted to date by current, former, and potential customers affected by the cyberattack 
in 2021. T-Mobile US has recognized corresponding provisions for risks in the statement of financial position 
of around USD 0.3 billion (EUR 0.3 billion). Furthermore, in November 2021, a derivative action was brought 
against the members of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile US and against T-Mobile US as nominal defendant. 
This action has since been withdrawn. In September 2022, a further purported shareholder filed a new 
derivative action against the members of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile US and against T-Mobile US as 
nominal defendant alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duties relating to the company's cybersecurity 
practices. It is currently not possible to estimate the resultant financial risk with sufficient certainty. 
In addition, inquiries have been made by various government agencies, law enforcement and other state 
authorities, with which T-Mobile US is cooperating in full. At present the financial impact of these proceedings 
cannot be assessed with sufficient certainty. 
Proceedings against T-Mobile US in consequence of the cyberattack on T-Mobile US in January 2023  
On 5 January 2023 T-Mobile US identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through an application 
programming interface (API). Based on the company's preliminary investigation, the affected API was only 
able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email address, 
telephone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number, and information such as the number of lines on 
the account and plan features. The preliminary results of the investigation indicate that, in total, around 37 
million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts were affected, although many of these accounts did 
not include the full data set. Based on an initial assessment, T-Mobile US assumes that the attacker retrieved 
data via the affected API for the first time from or around 25 November 2022. The company continues to 
investigate the incident and, in accordance with federal and state requirements, has notified those individuals 
whose data was affected. In connection with this cyberattack, consumer class actions were filed against T-
Mobile US and official inquiries were submitted to the company, to which it will respond and, as a result of 
which, it may incur substantial expenses. It is currently not possible to estimate the resultant financial risk 
with sufficient certainty. 
Other Proceedings 
Patents and Licenses 
Like many other large telecommunications and internet providers, Deutsche Telekom is exposed to a growing 
number of intellectual property rights disputes. There is a risk that Deutsche Telekom may have to pay license 
fees and/or compensation; it is also exposed to a risk of cease-and-desist orders, for example relating to the 
sale of a product or the use of a technology. 
Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Like all companies, Deutsche Telekom Group is subject to anti-trust law. Deutsche Telekom AG and its 
subsidiaries are from time to time subject to proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage actions 
under civil law. The following describes major anti-trust proceedings and the resulting claims for damages. 
Claims for damages against Slovak Telekom following a European Commission decision to impose 
fines 
The European Commission decided on 15 October 2014 that Slovak Telekom had abused its market power 
on the Slovak broadband market and, as a result, imposed fines on Slovak Telekom and Deutsche Telekom 
AG, which were paid in full in January 2015. After the Court of the European Union partially overturned the 
European Commission's decision in 2018 and reduced the fines by a total of EUR 13 million, the legal 
recourse following the ruling of the European Court of Justice on 25 March 2021 is exhausted. Following the 
decision of the European Commission, competitors filed damage actions against Slovak Telekom with the 
civil court in Bratislava, Slovakia. These claims seek compensation for alleged damages due to Slovak 
Telekom's abuse of a dominant market position, as determined by the European Commission. A further claim 
was filed with the court in 2022, such that there are now three claims pending, amounting to a total of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
EUR 219 million plus interest. It is currently not possible to estimate the financial impact with sufficient 
certainty. 
Claims for damages against Deutsche Telekom AG, including due to insolvency of Phones4U 
Phones4U was an independent mobile retailer in the United Kingdom, which declared insolvency in 2014. 
The insolvency administrator is pursuing claims before the High Court of Justice in London against the mobile 
providers active on the market of the United Kingdom at that time and their parent companies on the grounds 
of alleged collusion in violation of anti-trust law and breach of contract. Deutsche Telekom AG, which at that 
time held 50 per cent. of the mobile company EE Limited, has rejected the claims as unsubstantiated. The 
High Court of Justice in London heard testimony from several witnesses and experts in the period between 
mid-May and the end of July 2022 with a view to establishing the legal basis for a claim. Phones4U is still 
seeking damages in an as yet undisclosed amount. It is currently not possible to estimate the financial impact 
with sufficient certainty. 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OR THE FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its last audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Company 
since 31 December 2022, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Deutsche Telekom AG is a stock corporation organised under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, is the parent company of Deutsche Telekom's group. Its ordinary shares are 
traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange as well as on other German stock exchanges.  
Funding  
The finance strategy of Deutsche Telekom (excluding T-Mobile US) includes a liquidity reserve that covers, 
at any given time, at least the capital market maturities over the next 24 months. In order to refinance 
maturities and also to maintain the liquidity reserve, Deutsche Telekom could issue bonds in various 
currencies through various debt products on the relevant global capital markets to which it has access to. In 
addition, Deutsche Telekom could issue commercial papers in the money market. 
T-Mobile US has its own financing and liquidity strategy. Its liquidity reserve consists of a revolving credit 
facility and cash. T-Mobile US usually issues senior secured and unsecured notes for refinancing. 
Material Contracts 
In the usual course of Deutsche Telekom's business, it enters into numerous contracts with various other 
entities. Deutsche Telekom has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business within the past two years. 
Main Agreements that Include a Change of Control Clause 
The main agreements entered into by Deutsche Telekom AG that include a clause in the event of a change 
of control principally relate to bilateral credit lines and several loan agreements. In the event of a change of 
control, the individual lenders have the right to terminate the credit line and, if necessary, serve notice or 
demand repayment of the loans. A change of control is assumed when a third party, which can also be a 
group acting jointly, acquires control over Deutsche Telekom AG. 
On 2 November 2016, Deutsche Telekom AG signed a change agreement to the shareholder agreement with 
the Greek government from 14 May 2008 on OTE; the change agreement concerned the accession of the 
Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund (HRADF) as a party to the contract. Under this agreement, the 
Greek government is, under certain circumstances, entitled to acquire all shares in OTE from Deutsche 
Telekom AG as soon as one (or more) person(s), with the exception of the Federal Republic of Germany, 
either directly or indirectly acquire(s) 35 per cent. of the voting rights of Deutsche Telekom AG. 
In the master agreement establishing the procurement joint venture BuyIn in Belgium, Deutsche Telekom AG 
and Orange S.A. (formerly France Télécom S.A.)/Atlas Services Belgium S.A. (a subsidiary of Orange S.A.) 
agreed that if Deutsche Telekom AG or Orange comes under the controlling influence of a third party or if a 
third party that is not wholly owned by the Orange group of companies acquires shares in Atlas Services 
Belgium S.A., the respective other party (Orange and Atlas Services Belgium S.A. only jointly) may terminate

--- Page 45 ---
45 
the master agreement with immediate effect. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Where information, contained in this document, has been sourced from a third party, Deutsche Telekom AG 
confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as 
Deutsche Telekom AG is aware and able to ascertain from information published by such third party no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information materially inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Consent to the use of this Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued 
under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of 
Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Ireland and The Netherlands for the subsequent 
resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the 
applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, 
provided however, that this Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also with respect to 
such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and on the website of Deutsche Telekom 
(http://www.telekom.com/bonds). 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with 
the restrictions specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend or the "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors" legend set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using this Prospectus shall state on its website that 
it uses this Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Issue Procedures 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions set 
forth below as further specified by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms as provided below.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions  
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
- 
Option II:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
For the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this 
Prospectus, additional sets of Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus from 
time to time, the relevant set of which shall apply with regard to increases of Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable 
to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant 
placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus in the Final Terms. 
The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions shall constitute the 
Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus 
only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note 
representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in this Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the left of, or in square brackets within, the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the 
relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an 
alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Controlling Language  
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany or (ii) initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in 
the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available for collection 
or inspection during normal business hours upon reasonable request from the respective offices of the 
Paying Agent in Dublin and the Issuer, specified under "Names and Addresses" below or may be 
provided by the Paying Agent and the Issuer via email in electronic format. 
- 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Anleihebedingungen 
 
Terms and Conditions 
Einführung 
Introduction 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
two options: 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates. 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die 
jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von 
dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb 
des 
Satzes 
der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised 
accordingly 
by 
indicating 
the 
respective optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the left of 
or in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
In 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben 
wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which 
of the Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply 
with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring 
to the relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung 
des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten 
Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält 
dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, 
die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben 
enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this 
Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of certain 
items which are applicable to an individual issue of 
Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set 
out in square brackets which include the relevant 
items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für eine 
einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die 
im 
Satz 
der 
Anleihe-
bedingungen der Option I oder Option II enthalten sind, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the 
set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the 
following applies 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
nachstehenden 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
beigefügten 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen 
tatsächlich 
in 
den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
[The provisions of the following Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be

--- Page 50 ---
50 
worden 
wären. 
Alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
nicht ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen 
sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen 
und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als 
insoweit 
aus 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, wie dies erforderlich ist, um den 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung zu verschaffen. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen werden zur kostenlosen Einsicht 
oder Ausgabe auf Anfrage bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen der Zahlstellen während der 
üblichen Geschäftszeiten bereitgehalten oder per 
E-Mail in elektronischem Format zur Verfügung 
gestellt. Soweit die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, sind Kopien der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich 
für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich 
nachdem 
ein 
für 
die 
Zahlstelle 
zufriedenstellender 
Eigentums- 
und 
Identitätsnachweis erbracht wurde.] 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are 
inapplicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
(including 
instructions, explanatory notes and texts set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies 
of the Final Terms may be obtained for inspection 
or collection free of charge during normal business 
hours upon reasonable request at the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents or may be provided by 
the Paying Agents via email in electronic format; 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not 
listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will only be made available to Holders 
of such Notes following provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent).] 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with fixed interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Deutsche Telekom AG 
("Deutsche Telekom AG" oder die "Emittentin") 
wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche 
Telekom AG" or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1 (6))] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) and is divided into [Number of Notes] 
Notes 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und 
sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung 
des 
Eigentumsrechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind ausgetauscht. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, as provided below, for Notes in 
the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt 
und zwar nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht durch den jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System sowie 
durch das Clearing System bei dem Fiscal 
Agent, in der zu diesem Zweck für den Fiscal 
Agent akzeptablen Form und in denen 
bescheinigt 
ist, 
dass 
der 
bzw. 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind, 
ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, 
die 
im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, 
werden 
ausschließlich 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 
Absatz 1 definiert) ausgeliefert. 
(b) The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
shall 
be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note upon delivery by the 
relevant account holder to the Clearing 
System, and by the Clearing System to the 
Fiscal Agent, of certificates in the form 
acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for such 
purpose, to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). Any Permanent Global Note 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this § 1 
shall be made free of charge to the Holders of the 
Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and shall

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent.  
(6) Clearing System. Jede Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
sowohl] [Clearstream Banking AG, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland ("CBF")][,][als auch] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] und jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each of] 
[Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen 
Zwecken 
von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers 
des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled.] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global Note 
or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited with 
any Clearing System or other central securities 
depositary, any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in the 
Notes so deposited, and otherwise the bearer of a 
Note. 
"Zahlstelle" den Fiscal Agent in seiner Eigenschaft 
als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre nachstehend in 
§ 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, die in § 7 
genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine gemäß § 7 
ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere Zahlstelle. 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its office 
specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) specified in 
§ 7, or any substitute or additional paying agent 
appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser 
Serie 
und 
schließen, 
wenn 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references to 
Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen 
jede 
Nachfolge-Währung 
ein, 
die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder durch eine zwischen-staatliche Vereinbarung 
eingeführt wird (die "Nachfolgewährung"), sofern 
Zahlungen in der ursprünglichen Währung nicht 
mehr als zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten. 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" shall 
include any successor currency provided for by the 
laws in force in the jurisdiction where the Specified 
Currency 
is 
issued 
or 
pursuant 
to 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
or 
treaty 
(a "Successor Currency") to the extent that 
payment in the predecessor currency is no longer 
a legal means of payment by the Issuer on the 
Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER  
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
gestellt worden sind, weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch 
ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder teilweise in 
irgendeiner 
Weise 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der Emittentin 
oder einer anderen Person eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, zu belasten oder eine solche 
Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben 
Sicherheit im gleichen Rang und 
gleichen 
Verhältnis 
teilnehmen 
zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
ist 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Zahlung 
aufgenommener 
Gelder, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheine 
verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. Um 
etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" nicht 
solche Vermögensgegenstände der Emittentin ein, 
die nach dem jeweils auf die Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert sind. 
permit to subsist any encumbrance over any or all 
of its present or future assets as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness 
issued or guaranteed by the Issuer or by any other 
person, without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced 
by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which are, or are capable of being, 
quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market. 
For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect 
of asset-backed financings originated by the 
Issuer, the expression "assets" as used in this § 3 
does not include assets of the Issuer that are sold 
on a non-recourse basis determined in accordance 
with the civil law applicable to such transaction. 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden [Im Fall von 
Sustainability-Linked Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar:, vorbehaltlich § 4 
Absatz 3,] in Höhe ihres Gesamtnennbetrages 
verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 6 
Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz] % [(der "Zinssatz")]. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Nennbetrag] 
je 
festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag.] 
[Sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
kein 
Festzinstermin 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende Festzinstermin] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen 
sich auf [abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegter 
Nennbetrag] 
je 
festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag.] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. [In 
case 
of 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
the 
following applies: Subject to § 4(3) below, t][T]he 
Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. 
per annum [(the "Rate of Interest")] from (and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)). 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed 
Interest Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of 
interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment 
Date] [If First Interest Payment Date is not the 
first anniversary of the Interest Commencement 
Date the following applies: and will amount to 
[Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [If 
Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period 
from 
(and 
including) 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination.] 
(2) 
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit bis zu dem Tag, der dem 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the 
Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes until the 
expiry of the day preceding the day of actual

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht, in Höhe des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Satzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen.12 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
interest established by law.13 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Sustainability-Linked 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes the following 
applies: 
[(3) Anpassung des Zinssatzes bei Eintreten eines 
Trigger-Ereignisses. 
[(3) Interest Rate Adjustment Upon Occurrence of 
Trigger Event. 
Bei Eintritt eines Trigger-Ereignisses erhöht sich 
der Zinssatz um [Step Up Zinsmarge] % jährlich 
auf insgesamt [Erhöhter Zinssatz] % jährlich für 
jede 
Zinsperiode, die an oder nach dem 
Zinszahlungstag beginnt, der unmittelbar auf die 
Trigger-Ereignis Mitteilung folgt. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Rate 
of Interest shall increase by [Step Up Interest 
Margin] per cent. per annum to a total of 
[Increased Interest Rate] per cent. per annum for 
any interest period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Trigger Event Notification. 
Die Emittentin teilt den Inhabern das Eintreten 
eines Trigger-Ereignisses (die "Trigger-Ereignis 
Mitteilung") gemäß § [14] spätestens 15 Tage 
nach Veröffentlichung des SPT Berichts, der sich 
auf das SPT-Ziel-Jahr bezieht, mit. 
The Issuer shall give notice of the occurance of a 
Trigger Event (the "Trigger Event Notification") to 
the Holders in accordance with § [14] no later than 
15 days after publication of the SPT Report relating 
to the SPT Target Year. 
Ein "Trigger-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn (i) der 
Konzern ein Nachhaltigkeitsziel im jeweiligen SPT-
Ziel-Jahr nicht erreicht oder (ii) die Deutsche 
Telekom AG keinen SPT Bericht mit Informationen, 
die ausreichend sind, um die Erreichung des 
betreffenden Nachhaltigkeitsziels zu berechnen 
oder zu entnehmen, veröffentlicht oder (iii) ein 
Limited Assurance Bericht ein eingeschränktes 
Prüfungsurteil in Bezug auf die Informationen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
um 
die 
Erreichung 
des 
betreffenden Nachhaltigkeitsziels zu berechnen 
oder zu entnehmen, enthält oder ein Prüfungsurteil 
insgesamt versagt wird. 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if (i) the Group does not 
achieve a Sustainability Performance Target in the 
respective SPT Target Year or (ii) Deutsche 
Telekom AG fails to publish an SPT Report with 
information sufficient to calculate or observe the 
performance 
of 
the 
relevant 
Sustainability 
Performance Target or (iii) a Limited Assurance 
Report contains a qualified assurance conclusion 
in relation to the information required to calculate or 
observe 
the 
performance 
of 
the 
relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target, or an adverse 
assurance conclusion. 
"SPT 
Bericht" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Corporte 
Responsibility Bericht oder einen vergleichbaren 
Bericht der Deutschen Telekom AG, der sich auf 
ein SPT-Ziel-Jahr bezieht. 
"SPT Report" means the corporate responsibility 
report or a similar report of Deutsche Telekom AG 
relating to an SPT Target Year. 
"Limited Assurance Bericht" bezeichnet einen 
Vermerk eines Wirtschaftspfüfers 
über eine 
betriebswirtschaftliche Prüfung zur Erlangung 
zumindest begrenzter Sicherheit in Bezug auf 
bestimmte Informationen, die in einen SPT Bericht 
enthalten sind. 
"Limited Assurance Report" means at least a 
limited assurance report of an external auditor 
regarding selected information contained in an SPT 
Report. 
"Basisjahr" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 2017. 
"Base Year" means the Financial Year 2017. 
"Geschäftsjahr" bezeichnet ein Geschäftsjahr der 
Deutschen Telekom AG. 
"Financial Year" means a financial year of 
Deutsche Telekom AG. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die Deutsche Telekom AG 
und ihre konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaften. 
"Group" means Deutsche Telekom AG and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
12 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
 
13 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
"Nachhaltigkeitsziel" bezeichnet jeweils 
das 
SPT 1 und das SPT 2. 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means 
each of SPT 1 and SPT 2. 
"SPT 1" bezeichnet die Reduzierung der Summe 
der CO2e-Emissionen Scope 1 und Scope 2 um 
mindestens [SPT 1 Prozentsatz] % im Vergleich 
zum 
Basisjahr, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Nachberechnung, bis [SPT 1 Jahr]. 
"SPT 1" means the reduction of the sum of CO2e-
emissions Scope 1 and Scope 2 by at least [SPT 1 
Percentage] per cent. compared to the Base Year, 
subject to any Recalculation, by [SPT 1 Year]. 
"SPT 2" bezeichnet die Reduzierung der CO2e-
Emissionen Scope 3 (unter Berücksichtigung der 
folgenden Kategorien von Scope 3: bezogene 
Waren und Dienstleistungen, Investitionsgüter, 
Nutzung verkaufter Produkte und nachgelagerte 
geleaste Vermögenswerte) um mindestens [SPT 2 
Prozentsatz] % im Vergleich zum Basisjahr, 
vorbehaltlich einer Nachberechnung, pro Kunde 
(einschließlich Mobilfunk-, Festnetz-, Breitband- 
und TV-Kunden, aber unter Ausschluss von 
Großhandelskunden) bis [SPT 2 Jahr]. 
"SPT 2" means the reduction of CO2e-emissions 
Scope 3 (considering the following categories of 
Scope 3: purchased goods and services, capital 
goods, use of sold products and downstream 
leased assets) by at least [SPT 2 Percentage] per 
cent. compared to the Base Year, subject to any 
Recalculation, per customer (including mobile, 
fixed-line, broadband and TV customers but 
excluding wholesale customers) by [SPT 2 Year]. 
"CO2e-Emissionen" 
werden 
nach 
der 
marktbasierten Methode des Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Protocolls berechnet und im SPT Bericht 
ausgewiesen. 
"CO2e emissions" shall be calculated in line with 
the market-based method of the Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Protocol and reported in the SPT Report. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr" bezeichnet jeweils das SPT-Ziel-
Jahr 1 und das SPT-Ziel-Jahr 2. 
"SPT Target Year" means each of SPT Target 
Year 1 and SPT Target Year 2. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr 1" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 
[SPT 1 Jahr]. 
"SPT Target Year 1" means the Financial Year 
[SPT 1 Year]. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr 2" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 
[SPT 2 Jahr]. 
"SPT Target Year 2" means the Financial Year 
[SPT 2 Year]. 
"Scope 
1" 
bezeichnet 
die 
absoluten 
Treibhausgasemissionen ("THG") aus der eigenen 
Geschäftstätigkeit, die die voll konsolidierten 
Aktivitäten des Konzerns abdecken. 
"Scope 1" means the absolute greenhouse gas 
("GHG") 
emissions 
from 
the 
Group's 
own 
operations covering its fully consolidated activities. 
"Scope 2" bezeichnet die absoluten THG-
Emissionen aus dem Verbrauch von bezogener 
Elektrizität und Wärme, die für die eigenen 
Aktivitäten des Konzerns verwendet werden und 
die voll konsolidierten Aktivitäten abdecken. 
"Scope 2" means the absolute GHG emissions 
from consumption of purchased electricity and heat 
used in the Group's own operations covering its 
fully consolidated activities. 
"Scope 3" bezeichnet die absoluten THG-
Emissionen, die vor- und nachgelagerte Elemente 
der Wertschöpfungskette umfassen. 
"Scope 3" means the absolute GHG emissions 
covering upstream and downstream elements of 
the value chain. 
"Nachberechnung" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Nachberechnung der THG-Emissionen in Bezug 
auf das Basisjahr, um wesentliche Änderungen in 
der 
Konzernstruktur 
(z. B. 
Übernahmen, 
Veräußerungen, Fusionen) oder methodische 
Änderungen 
zu 
berücksichtigen. 
Jede 
Nachberechnung ist im SPT Bericht anzugeben.] 
"Recalculation" means any recalculation of GHG 
emissions with respect to the Base Year to reflect 
any significant changes in the Group structure (e.g. 
acquisitions, 
divestitures, 
mergers) 
or 
methodological changes. Any recalculation shall be 
stated in the SPT Report.] 
[(4)] Berechnung der Zinsen für gebrochene 
Zeiträume. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
[(4)] Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If 
interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below). 
[(5)] 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
[(5)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount

--- Page 57 ---
57 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen oder langen Kupons) ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.]  
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the actual number of days in the 
respective interest period.]  
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (einschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen Kupons) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (including the case of first or last 
short coupons) the following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl 
der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the number of days in the Reference 
Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleich 
bleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen 
Kupons) innerhalb eines Zinsjahres ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with two or 
more constant interest periods within an interest year 
(including the case of short coupons) the following 
applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt 
durch 
das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, und (2) der Anzahl 
von Zinszahlungstagen, die angenommen, dass 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
the Reference Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would 
occur in one calendar year assuming interest was 
to be payable in respect of the whole of that year.]  
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) und wenn 
der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Reference Period (long coupon) the following 
applies 
[die Summe aus: 
(a) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Bezugsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im 
Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind 
als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
und (y) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die 
in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, 
falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
[the sum of:  
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided 
by [In the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: 
the product of (x)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year 
if interest were payable in respect of the 
whole of such year]; and 
(b) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall 
von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das 
Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Reference Period 
divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (x)] the number of 
days in such Reference Period [In the case 
of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: and (y) the number of 
Interest Payment Dates that occur in one

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in 
respect of the whole of such year].] 
Folgendes gilt für alle Optionen von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251) anwendbar außer Option Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) mit jährlichen Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
The following applies for all options of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) except for option Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the 
case of short or long coupons) 
["Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im 
Fall 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
kurzen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstage.]] 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to, but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date. [In the 
case of a short first or last Calculation Period 
the following applies: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the 
case of a long first or last Calculation Period the 
following 
applies: 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Dates] shall each be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwenbar 
In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den 
31. Tag eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem 
Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following 
applies 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 
12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar 
ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day 
or last day of the Calculation Period).] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
die 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, die 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (3), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
für 
die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar 
nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3 (b) außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System, outside the United States, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 
des Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen 
oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen 
davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in the Specified Currency. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) Kein Verzug. Soweit rechtlich zulässig, gerät 
die Emittentin mit ihrer Zahlungspflicht nicht in 
Verzug, wenn die Zahlung aufgrund eines 
Gesetzes oder einer Vorschrift nicht an die 
Zahlstelle oder das Clearing System geleistet 
wird und die Emittentin die Zahlung an die 
Zahlstelle oder das Clearing System nicht mit 
zumutbaren Maßnahmen bewirken kann. In 
diesem 
Fall 
ist 
eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 10 Absatz (1)(a) 
insoweit nicht möglich. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Emittentin ist in keinem Fall verpflichtet, direkt an 
einen Gläubiger zu zahlen. 
(5) No Default. To the extent legally permissible, 
the Issuer shall not be in default of its payment 
obligation under the Notes if payment to the Fiscal 
Agent or the Clearing System is not effected due to 
any law or regulation provided that the Issuer 
cannot effect payment to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Clearing System by reasonable means. In such 
case, a termination of the Notes pursuant to 
§ 10(1)(a) shall not be possible to this extent. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Issuer 
be obligated to pay directly to any Holder. 
(6) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger 
ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
(6) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearing System 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System 
Bei nicht auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes not denominated in EUR the 
following applies 
[[und][,] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen 
abwickeln [.] [und]] 
[[and][,] commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)] settle 
payments [.] [and]] 
Im Fall, dass T2 offen sein soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case T2 shall be open the following applies 
[und alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") geöffnet sind, 
um die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
[and all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor/replacement system ("T2") are 
operational to forward the relevant payment.] 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] [Falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] 
sowie 
jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(7) References to Principal and Interest. Reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; [If redeemable at the option of Issuer for 
other than taxation reasons the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes,] [If redeemable at the option of the 
Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes,] and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 8. 
(8) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, 
auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(8) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity 
Date"). 
The 
"Final 
Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung 
der Anwendung 
oder der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem [Tag der 
Begebung] 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender und ihr 
zumutbarer Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of 
any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an 
official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after [Issue Date], the Issuer will 
become obligated to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 14] to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, und 
(ii) 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay 
such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen. 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
an 
festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungstagen 
(Call) 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Dates 
the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag bzw. -beträgen (Call), 
wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
(Call)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amounts] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits 
der 
Gläubiger 
in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [4] dieses § 6 verlangt 
hat.] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under subparagraph ([4]) of this § 6.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal Agent bekannt 
zu geben (die Kündigung gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent hat mindestens 2 Geschäftstage 
vor der Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern 
zu erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal Agent 
(the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be given not 
less than 2 Business Days before the giving of 
notice to the Holders). Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden 
verbrieft 
sind, 
die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of and, if 
the Notes are represented by Definitive 
Notes, the serial numbers of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird 
in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig während festgelegter 
Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer during specified Call Redemption 
Periods the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all of the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt am Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date at the Call 
Redemption Amount set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date. 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)" bezeichnet 
jeden Geschäftstag innerhalb [des Call-
Rückzahlungszeitraums][der 
Call-
Rückzahlungszeiträume]. 
"Call 
Redemption 
Date" 
means 
each 
Business Day within the Call Redemption 
Period[s] as selected by the Issuer. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/
zeiträume 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitrau
m/zeiträume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amounts] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits 
der 
Gläubiger 
in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [5] dieses § 6 verlangt 
hat.] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under subparagraph ([5]) of this § 6.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal Agent bekannt 
zu geben (die Kündigung gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent hat mindestens 2 Geschäftstage 
vor der Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern 
zu erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal Agent 
(the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be given not 
less than 2 Business Days before the giving of 
notice to the Holders). Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; and 
(ii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf.] 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Holders.] 
Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder at specified Put Redemption Amounts 
the following applies 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Put), 
wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set 
forth below together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amounts] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin in 
Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach § 6 Absatz 2 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
oder Absatz 3] verlangt hat. 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to 
redeem such Note under paragraph (2) [If 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer the following 
applies: or (3)] of this § 6. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, darf der 
Gläubiger nicht früher als 15 Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an 
die 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einer 
Zahlstelle eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder 
Fax), in schriftlicher Form oder in einer für den 
Fiscal Agent akzeptablen anderen Form und 
entsprechend der Regeln und Verfahren des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
("Ausübungserklärung") schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung 
nach 
17:00 
Uhr 
Frankfurter 
Zeit 
am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tag vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
[und][,] 
(ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Verwahrung 
der 
Globalurkunde durch CBF ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine 
Kontoverbindung]. 
Für 
die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie 
es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des 
Fiscal Agent [und der Zahlstelle[n]] in 
deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich 
ist und 
das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden. Eine so hinterlegte 
Schuldverschreibung 
kann 
nicht 
zurückgefordert und die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden.] 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than 15 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption 
is required to be made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below), send to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent an duly 
early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. by email or fax), in written form 
or in such other form as acceptable to the 
Fiscal Agent and in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System ("Put Notice"). In the event that the 
Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt 
time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option 
shall not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised[,] [and] (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any [In 
the case the Global Note is kept in custody 
by CBF, the 
following applies: and 
(iii) contact details as well as a bank account]. 
The Put Notice may be in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
[and the Paying Agent[s]] in the German and 
English 
language 
and 
includes 
further 
information. No Note so deposited and option 
so exercised may be withdrawn or revoked.]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent und die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle behalten sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land 
zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent reserve the 
right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen 
Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird jedoch 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf 
US-Dollar lautende Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen 
bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 5(1) definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York 
City] 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger 
Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, wo eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) nur wirksam, 
sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß [§ 14] vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent 
[In the case of Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars the following applies: and (ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents 
outside the United States (as defined in § 5(1) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal 
Agent und die Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent act solely as the agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin ohne 
Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei 
denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
Principal and interest shall be payable by the Issuer 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such

--- Page 66 ---
66 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall 
wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm 
zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
nicht erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holder after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been 
receivable had no such deduction or withholding 
been required. No such additional amounts shall, 
however, be payable on account of any taxes, 
duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with 
such 
directive, 
regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird. 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later. 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag, 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 5 Absatz 5; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
subject to § 5(5), or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which failure 
is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure continues for 
more than 60 days after the Issuer has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin einer 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 25.000.000 aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die 
oder 
von 
den 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, 
oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of 
the terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, shall contest in 
good faith that such payment obligation exists 
or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or by 
the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for or 
institutes such proceedings, or 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in 
Deutschland 
irgendein 
Gesetz, 
eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by Germany whereby the 
Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in 
these Terms and Conditions and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Sustainability-Linked 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes the following 
applies: 
[Es liegt kein Kündigungsgrund vor, wenn die 
Emittentin die Nachhaltigkeitsziele nicht erreicht.] 
[No Acceleration Event shall occur if the Issuer fails 
to achieve the Sustainability Performance Targets.] 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f) oder 1(g) bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f) or 
(1)(g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only when the 
Issuer has received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) 
Ersetzung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der Emittentin an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes and such 
guarantee contains a covenant by the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
guarantor corresponding to the provisions in 
§ 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin aus der 
Negativverpflichtung 
des 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programms 
der 
Emittentin 
[Falls 
die 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt 
Issuance Programme of the Issuer [If the 
provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following 
applies: (of which the provisions set out 
below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
Telekom AG direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90 % des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder 
der Stimmrechte hält. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom AG directly 
or indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE  
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, 
ist 
unwirksam, 
es 
sei 
denn 
die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the 
Terms and Conditions which are not material and 
which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5

--- Page 70 ---
70 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a 
simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by vote 
taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with 
§ 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird 
von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar 
oder, 
falls 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen 
Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a 
notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative (as defined below) has convened 
the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger 
nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei 
denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: 
The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Gläubigern 
zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution 
of 
the 
Holders. 
The 
Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of 
the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders' Representative. 
(7) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß für jede Garantie 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions 
set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in 
relation to the Notes.]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder beim Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such 
Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.LuxSE.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen auf der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, findet Absatz (1) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh

--- Page 72 ---
72 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von 
einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich 
erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 Absatz [5]] an den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
geleitet 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der 
von dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text format (Textform, e.g. by email or fax) or in 
written form to be lodged together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with 
[§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. Die 
deutschen Gerichte sind nicht ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin unterwirft 
sich hiermit der Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The non-exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes shall be 
Frankfurt am Main. The German courts shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of 
lost or destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby submits 
to the jurisdiction of the courts referred to in this 
subparagraph. 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen, der diese über ein 
Clearing System hält, darf in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
schützen oder geltend machen: (i) Er bringt eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der Globalurkunde 
oder 
der 
Einzelurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held through 
a Clearing System may in any proceedings against 
the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom 
such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global or definitive form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the global 
Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Friedrich-Ebert-
Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] 
[den] Zahlstelle[n] zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Notes with floating interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Deutsche Telekom AG 
("Deutsche Telekom AG" oder die "Emittentin") 
wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [Falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche 
Telekom AG" or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1 (6))] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) and is divided into [Number of Notes] 
Notes 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und 
sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung 
des 
Eigentumsrechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind ausgetauscht. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, 
as provided below, for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global Note (the "Permanent Global Note") 
without coupons. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt 
und zwar nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen 
gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht durch den jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System sowie 
durch das Clearing System bei dem Fiscal 
Agent, in der zu diesem Zweck für den Fiscal 
Agent akzeptablen Form und in denen 
bescheinigt 
ist, 
dass 
der 
bzw. 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
(b) The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
shall 
be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note upon delivery by the 
relevant account holder to the Clearing 
System, and by the Clearing System to the 
Fiscal Agent, of certificates in the form 
acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for such 
purpose, to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
sind, 
ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) geliefert werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
werden 
ausschließlich 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) ausgeliefert. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). Any Permanent Global Note 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this § 1 
shall be made free of charge to the Holders of the 
Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and shall 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent.  
(6) Clearing System. Jede Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
sowohl] [Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")][,][als 
auch] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
("CBL"), 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] und jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each of] 
[Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
The 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each

--- Page 76 ---
76 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen 
Zwecken 
von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers 
des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled.] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global Note 
or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited with 
any Clearing System or other central securities 
depositary, any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in the 
Notes so deposited, and otherwise the bearer of a 
Note. 
"Zahlstelle" den Fiscal Agent in seiner Eigenschaft 
als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre nachstehend in 
§ 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, die in § 7 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its office 
specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) specified in

--- Page 77 ---
77 
genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine gemäß § 7 
ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere Zahlstelle. 
§ 7, or any substitute or additional paying agent 
appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser 
Serie 
und 
schließen, 
wenn 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references to 
Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen 
jede 
Nachfolge-Währung 
ein, 
die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder durch eine zwischen-staatliche Vereinbarung 
eingeführt wird (die "Nachfolgewährung"), sofern 
Zahlungen in der ursprünglichen Währung nicht 
mehr als zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten. 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" shall 
include any successor currency provided for by the 
laws in force in the jurisdiction where the Specified 
Currency 
is 
issued 
or 
pursuant 
to 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
or 
treaty 
(a 
"Successor Currency") to the extent that payment 
in the predecessor currency is no longer a legal 
means of payment by the Issuer on the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER  
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch 
ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder teilweise in 
irgendeiner 
Weise 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der Emittentin 
oder einer anderen Person eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, zu belasten oder eine solche 
Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben 
Sicherheit im gleichen Rang und 
gleichen 
Verhältnis 
teilnehmen 
zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
ist 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Zahlung 
aufgenommener 
Gelder, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheine 
verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. Um 
etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" nicht 
solche Vermögensgegenstände der Emittentin ein, 
die nach dem jeweils auf die Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert sind. 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes not to grant or 
permit to subsist any encumbrance over any or all 
of its present or future assets as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness 
issued or guaranteed by the Issuer or by any other 
person, without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means 
any obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced 
by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities which are, or are capable of being, 
quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market. 
For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect 
of asset-backed financings originated by the 
Issuer, the expression "assets" as used in this § 3 
does not include assets of the Issuer that are sold 
on a non-recourse basis determined in accordance 
with the civil law applicable to such transaction.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe 
ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar.  
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal 
amount 
from 
(and 
including) 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest Commencement Date"). Interest on 
the Notes shall be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date.  
"Zinszahlungstag" in diesem Sinne ist 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies 
[jeweils [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following 
applies 
[(sofern 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der Tag, der [Anzahl] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[anderer 
festgelegter 
Zeitraum/andere 
festgelegte 
Zeiträume] 
nach 
dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt oder, im 
Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided in 
these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] 
[weeks] [months] [other specified period(s)] after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
(b) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag: 
(b) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be: 
Bei 
Anwendung 
der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahlungstag auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day.] 
Bei Anwendung der FRN (Floating Rate Note –variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Konvention 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the FRN Convention the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
(i) 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und 
(ii) 
ist 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag 
des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl] 
[Monate] 
nach 
dem 
vorangegangenen 
gültigen Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls 
[number] [months] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
Bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Following Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Preceding Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
[brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag an dem das 
Clearing System 
"Business Day" means a day on which the 
Clearing System 
Bei nicht auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes not denominated in EUR the 
following applies 
[[und][,] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen 
abwickeln [.] [und]] 
[[and][,] commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)] settle 
payments [.] [and]] 
Im Fall, dass T2 offen sein soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case T2 shall be open the following applies 
[und alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") geöffnet sind, 
um die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
[and all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor/replacement system ("T2") are 
operational to forward the relevant payment.] 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Zinssatz per annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the 
"Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be a rate per annum equal to the 
Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)]. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt vorbehaltlich 
§ 4 Absatz (5) an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses 
§ 4 Absatz (2). 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 4 (5), 
determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 4 (2) on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie 
folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will 
be determined as follows: 
Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede 
Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest Period 
will be the Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, aber kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
ist 
der 
Referenzsatz 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, but no Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the Reference Rate shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page 
on the last day preceding the relevant Interest 
Determination Date on which such Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder 
nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 4 Absatz (5) (h) 
definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 4 Absatz (5) bestimmt. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Reference Rate 
for each Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Effective Date (as defined in § 4 (5) (h)) will be 
determined in accordance with § 4 (5). 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen 
beliebigen Tag entspricht dem [entsprechende 
Anzahl an Monaten einfügen] Monats Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means the 
[insert applicable number of months]-month Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) appearing on the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie 
jeden 
folgenden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from (and including) an Interest

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Payment Date (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2 Geschäftstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. "T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
das Real-time Gross Settlement System des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatzsystem ("T2") betriebsbereit ist.  
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
T2 Business Day prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period. "T2 Business Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which the real time gross settlement system 
operated 
by 
the 
Eurosystem 
or 
any 
successor/replacement 
system 
("T2") 
is 
operational.  
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
["Margin" 
means 
[percentage] per cent. 
per 
annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter, welche die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters 
or such other information service which is the 
successor Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt 
in der Euro-Zone. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer. 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der 
zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für 
eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom 
am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den Vertrag 
über die Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in 
Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer 
Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von 
Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 2007, in seiner 
jeweiligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben 
werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in 
Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 
2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 
13 December 2007, as further amended from time 
to time. 
Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(3) Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(4) Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(4) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
(5) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn die Emittentin 
feststellt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand 
dem Fiscal Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, der 
(5) Benchmark Event. If the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the Issuer will notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 12, the Holders

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Zahlstelle und gemäß § 12 den Gläubigern 
mitteilen und gilt für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes Folgendes: 
thereof, and the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined as follows 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, 
sobald 
wie 
möglich 
einen 
Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) Independent 
Adviser. 
The 
Issuer 
shall 
endeavour to appoint an Independent Adviser 
as soon as possible, who will determine a New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) Wenn vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, 
(i) die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater ernennt; oder 
(i) the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate, 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an dem letzten 
zurückliegenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately 
following Interest Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 4 Absatz (5) (b) bereits an dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
ersten 
Zinsperiode zur Anwendung kommt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für die erste Zinsperiode [dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] [[•] % per 
annum]. 
If this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied on the Interest 
Determination Date prior to the commencement of 
the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period shall be [the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on 
the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate was 
displayed] [[•] per cent. per annum]. 
Falls 
der 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (b) zur Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 4 Absatz (5) 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
nächste 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied, § 4 (5) will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next following Interest Period. 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
Falls 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(i) dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz in der Folge anstelle des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich; oder 
(i) there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, 
then such Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
aber einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
in der Folge an Stelle des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich, 
(ii) there is no Successor Benchmark Rate 
but that there is an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alternative Benchmark 
Rate shall subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Benchmark Rate, 
und der Referenzsatz entspricht für alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
(x) 
dem 
betreffenden 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the all 
following Interest Periods will be (x) the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, plus (y) the Adjustment 
Spread. 
(d) Anpassungsspanne. Die Anpassungsspanne 
(wie in § 4 Absatz (5) (g) definiert) wird auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet, um den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz zu bestimmen. 
(d) Adjustment Spread. The Adjustment Spread 
(as defined in § 4 (5) (g)) shall be applied to the 
New Benchmark Rate in order to determine the 
relevant Reference Rate.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(e) Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) festgelegt werden und der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten (diese 
Änderungen 
werden 
als 
"Benchmark-
Änderungen" bezeichnet), dann wird der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
die Benchmark-Änderungen festlegen und die 
Emittentin diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (f) bekanntmachen. 
(e) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 4 (5), and if the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
in 
its 
reasonable discretion that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark Amendments in its reasonable 
discretion and the Issuer will give notice 
thereof in accordance with § 4 (5) (f). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Änderungen umfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may include without 
limitation amendments to be made to: 
(i) des 
Referenzsatzes 
und/oder 
(in 
Ersetzung von § 4 Absatz (2) (b) und (c)) 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes (sog. fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz; und/oder 
(i) the 
Reference 
Rate 
and/or 
(in 
replacement of § 4(2)(b) and (c)) the 
method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Reference Rate; and/or 
(ii) der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" (einschließlich der 
Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
(ii) the definitions of the terms "Screen Page", 
"Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Day Count Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be determined on a 
forward looking or a backward looking 
basis); and/or 
(iii) der 
Zahltag-Bestimmung 
gemäß 
§ 5 Absatz (5). 
(iii) the payment business day condition in 
§ 5 (5). 
(f) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen so bald nach deren Feststellung 
wie (nach billigem Ermessen der Emittentin) 
praktikabel 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle und gemäß 
§ 12 den Gläubigern mitteilen. Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
(f) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 12, the 
Holders as soon as such notification is (in the 
Issuer's reasonable discretion) practicable 
following the determination thereof. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils 
in der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind für die 
Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Gläubiger bindend. Die Bedingungen 
gelten ab dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und die 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Holders. The Conditions shall be deemed 
to have been amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the Effective Date. 
(g) Definitionen. 
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5): 
(g) Definitions. As used in this § 4 (5): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ 
oder gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the spread or (b) the result of

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Spanne oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der 
Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
the operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, 
(i) die 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
von 
einem 
Normierungsgremium im Zusammenhang 
mit der Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz förmlich empfohlen wird; 
oder 
(i) which in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, 
um 
einen 
branchenweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
(ii) which (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement reference 
rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which is 
customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets 
transactions 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency, provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (e) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning 
given to it in § 4 (5) (e). 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode für 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes; oder 
(i) a material alteration of the methodology as 
used by the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate as of the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
for 
the 
determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht länger repräsentativ 
oder 
branchenweit 
für 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vergleichbare 
Fremdkapitalmarktinstrumente akzeptiert 
ist; oder 
(ii) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate that the Original Benchmark Rate 
has ceased to be representative or an 
industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments such as, or comparable to the 
Notes; or 
(iii) den Umstand, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht oder nicht fortgeführt wird; 
oder 
(iii) the Original Benchmark Rate ceasing to 
be published on a regular basis or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, 
dass 
dieser 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(iv) a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Benchmark Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no

--- Page 84 ---
84 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird (in 
Fällen 
in 
denen 
kein 
Nachfolge-
Administrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
weitere 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vornehmen wird); oder 
successor 
administrator 
has 
been 
appointed that will continue the publication 
of the Original Benchmark Rate); or 
(v) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wurde oder 
wird; oder 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, that the Original Benchmark Rate 
has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(vi) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes infolge 
deren der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
allgemein 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mehr 
verwendet wird bzw. verwendet werden 
darf; oder 
(vi) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate as a consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate has been or will 
be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the relevant 
Notes; or 
(vii) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
oder 
Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes für die Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
einen 
Dritten 
rechtswidrig geworden ist., 
(vii) it has become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate or determine any Reference 
Rate using the Original Benchmark Rate, 
wobei für die Zwecke von (i) bis (iii) eine 
wesentliche Änderung der bei Verzinsungsbeginn 
gültigen 
Methode 
für 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator der Einstellung bzw. Nichtfortführung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes gleichsteht. 
provided that for the purposes of (i) through (iii), a 
material alteration of the methodology used by the 
administrator on the Interest Commencement Date 
for the determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
will 
be 
deemed 
as 
cessation 
and 
discontinuation, respectively, of the Original 
Benchmark Rate. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium förmlich empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
a 
successor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
be-zeichnet 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Original Benchmark Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jedes Komitee, 
die bzw. das von (I) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung, 
in 
der 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird, (II) einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
(ii) any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central 
bank for the currency to which the Original 
Benchmark Rate relates, (II) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist, (III) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt oder gebildet wird. 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Stichtag" hat die in § 4 Absatz (5) (h) festgelegte 
Bedeutung. 
"Effective Date" has the meaning specified in 
§ 4 (5) (h). 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin bestelltes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer. 
(h) Der Stichtag für die Anwendung dieses 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (der "Stichtag") ist: 
(h) The effective date for the application of this 
§ 4 (5) (the "Effective Date") will be: 
(i) der 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
wesentliche 
Änderung der Methode wirksam wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (i) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmarck-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (i) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date on 
which the material alteration of the 
methodology takes effect; or 
(ii) der Tag der öffentlichen Stellungnahme 
der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (ii) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (ii) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
public statement by the supervisor of the 
Administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(iii) der Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-
Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (iii) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (iii) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event; or 
(iv) der Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ur-sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz eingestellt 
wird, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (iv) oder (v) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iv) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (iv) or (v) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
cessation of publication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the discontinuation 
of the Original Benchmark Rate, as the 
case may be; or 
(v) der Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (vi) oder 
(vii) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(v) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (vi) or (vii) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date 
from which the prohibition applies. 
(i) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 4 Absatz (5) entsprechend für die Ersetzung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
(i) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any 
New Benchmark Rate, § 4 (5) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such 
New Benchmark Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may be. 
[(6)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu - 
oder baldmöglichst nach - jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
[(6)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each time at

--- Page 86 ---
86 
der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf 
den 
festgelegten 
Nennbetrag 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf den festgelegten 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, 
wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to the Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards. 
[(7)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz, 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und 
den Gläubigern gemäß [§ 14] baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später 
als 
am 
vierten 
auf 
die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden [T2] [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 4 
Absatz 1 definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert werden und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, 
aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode, mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag nachträglich angepasst (oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
umgehend 
allen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert werden, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß 
[§ 14] mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
notification of the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and of the 
applicable Interest Payment Date to the Issuer and 
to the Holders in accordance with [§ 14] as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the fourth [T2] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 4(1)) 
thereafter and, if required by the rules of such stock 
exchange, to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the first day of the applicable Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Holders in accordance with 
[§ 14]. 
[(8)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 4 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und 
die Gläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this § 4 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Holders. 
[(9)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sollte die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlösen, endet die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen 
erst mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Der jeweils 
geltende Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen.14 
[(9)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the 
Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes beyond 
the due date until the expiry of the day preceding 
the day of actual redemption of the Notes. The 
applicable Rate of Interest will be the default rate of 
interest established by law.15 
 
14 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
15 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by

--- Page 87 ---
87 
[(10)] 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(10)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Im Falle von Actual/360 ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/360 the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
die 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States. 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, die 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (3), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
für 
die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar 
nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3 (b) außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System, outside the United States, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 
des Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen 
oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen 
davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in the Specified Currency. 
 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) Kein Verzug. Soweit rechtlich zulässig, gerät 
die Emittentin mit ihrer Zahlungspflicht nicht in 
Verzug, wenn die Zahlung aufgrund eines 
Gesetzes oder einer Vorschrift nicht an die 
Zahlstelle oder das Clearing System geleistet 
wird und die Emittentin die Zahlung an die 
Zahlstelle oder das Clearing System nicht mit 
zumutbaren Maßnahmen bewirken kann. In 
diesem 
Fall 
ist 
eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach § 10 Absatz (1)(a) 
insoweit nicht möglich. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Emittentin ist in keinem Fall verpflichtet, direkt an 
einen Gläubiger zu zahlen. 
(5) No Default. To the extent legally permissible, 
the Issuer shall not be in default of its payment 
obligation under the Notes if payment to the Fiscal 
Agent or the Clearing System is not effected due to 
any law or regulation provided that the Issuer 
cannot effect payment to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Clearing System by reasonable means. In such 
case, a termination of the Notes pursuant to 
§ 10(1)(a) shall not be possible to this extent. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Issuer 
be obligated to pay directly to any Holder. 
(6) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 4(1), keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
(6) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder, subject to 
§ 4(1), shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, 
der ein Geschäftsstag ist.  
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a Business Day. 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
(7) References to Principal and Interest. Reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 8. 
(8) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, 
auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(8) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
an 
dem 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag. 
Final Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount.  
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung 
der Anwendung 
oder der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem [Tag der 
Begebung] 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender und ihr 
zumutbarer Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of 
any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an 
official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after [Issue Date], the Issuer will 
become obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 14] to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, und 
(ii) 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. Der für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegte 
Termin 
muss 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay 
such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. The 
date fixed for redemption must be an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen. 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Rückzahlungs-
betrag zurückzuzahlen ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at Final Redemption amount the 
following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am 
[Zahl] 
Jahre 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein "Wahl-
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date following [number] years after 
the Interest Commencement Date and on 
each Interest Payment Date thereafter (each 
a "Call Redemption Date") at the Final

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") 
zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective Call Redemption Date. 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal Agent bekannt 
zu geben (die Kündigung gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent hat mindestens 2 Geschäftstage 
vor der Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern 
zu erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal Agent 
(the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be given not 
less than 2 Business Days before the giving of 
notice to the Holders). Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the 
Series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden 
verbrieft 
sind, 
die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of and, if 
the Notes are represented by Definitive 
Notes, the serial numbers of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days 
after the date on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird 
in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Falls der Fiscal Agent als Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation 
Agent the following applies 
[Der Fiscal Agent handelt auch als 
Berechnungsstelle.] 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation 
Agent.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die 
nicht der Fiscal Agent ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to 
be appointed the following applies 
[Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfängliche 
Geschäftsstelle lauten: 
[The Calculation Agent and its initial specified office 
shall be: 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Name 
und 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
Calculation Agent 
[name 
and 
specified 
office]] 
Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird jedoch zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] 
einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf US-Dollar lautende 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch 
die 
Geschäftsstellen 
aller 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5(1) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York 
City] 
unterhalten 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle [Falls die Berechnungsstelle 
eine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle an einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
haben 
muss 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebener Ort]]. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, wo 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) nur 
wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
[§ 14] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent 
[In the case of Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars the following applies: and (ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents 
outside the United States (as defined in § 5(1) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City], 
[and] [(iii)] a Calculation Agent [If Calculation 
Agent is required to maintain a specified office 
in a required location the following applies: with 
a specified office located in [required location]]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstelle[n] und die Berechnungsstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es 
wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely 
as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for any Holder. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin ohne 
Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger oder 
zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
Principal and interest shall be payable by the Issuer 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of

--- Page 92 ---
92 
oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei 
denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall 
wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm 
zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
nicht erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holder after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been 
receivable had no such deduction or withholding 
been required. No such additional amounts shall, 
however, be payable on account of any taxes, 
duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with 
such 
directive, 
regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird. 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later. 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag, 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 5 Absatz 5; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
subject to § 5(5), or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which failure 
is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure continues for 
more than 60 days after the Issuer has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin einer 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 25.000.000 aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die 
oder 
von 
den 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, 
oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of 
the terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, shall contest in 
good faith that such payment obligation exists 
or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or by 
the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for or 
institutes such proceedings, or  
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in 
Deutschland 
irgendein 
Gesetz, 
eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by Germany whereby the 
Issuer is prevented from observing and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in 
these Terms and Conditions and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f) oder 1(g) bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f) or 
(1)(g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only when the 
Issuer has received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) 
Ersetzung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der Emittentin an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes and such 
guarantee contains a covenant by the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
guarantor corresponding to the provisions in 
§ 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin aus der 
Negativverpflichtung 
des 
Debt 
Issuance 
Programms 
der 
Emittentin 
[Falls 
die 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt 
Issuance Programme of the Issuer [If the 
provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following 
applies: (of which the provisions set out 
below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
Telekom AG direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90 % des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder 
der Stimmrechte hält 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom AG directly 
or indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE  
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, 
ist 
unwirksam, 
es 
sei 
denn 
die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the 
Terms and Conditions which are not material and 
which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5

--- Page 96 ---
96 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a 
simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by vote 
taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with 
§ 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird 
von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar 
oder, 
falls 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen 
Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a 
notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative (as defined below) has convened 
the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger 
nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei 
denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: 
The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Gläubigern 
zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution 
of 
the 
Holders. 
The 
Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of 
the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders' Representative. 
(7) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß für jede Garantie 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions 
set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in 
relation to the Notes.]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder beim Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such 
Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.LuxSE.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen auf der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, findet Absatz (1) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Mitteilung den Zinssatz 
von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the 
Rate of Interest of Floating Rate Notes or, if the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von 
einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich 
erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 Absatz [5]] an den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
geleitet 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der 
von dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text format (Textform, e.g. by email or fax) or in 
written form to be lodged together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with 
[§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. Die 
deutschen Gerichte sind nicht ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin unterwirft 
sich hiermit der Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The non exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes shall be 
Frankfurt am Main. The German courts shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of 
lost or destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby submits 
to the jurisdiction of the courts referred to in this 
subparagraph. 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen, der diese über ein 
Clearing System hält, darf in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
schützen oder geltend machen: (i) Er bringt eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der Globalurkunde 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held through 
a Clearing System may in any proceedings against 
the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer 
are parties, protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of 
(i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom 
such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such statement 
and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global or definitive form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the global 
Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody

--- Page 99 ---
99 
oder 
der 
Einzelurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Friedrich-Ebert-
Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] 
[den] Zahlstelle[n] zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
1[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail 
clients], each as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; 
[EITHER2: and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR3: (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio 
management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]4.] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
[ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien[,][und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne 
der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II") umfasst [und [●]]; [ENTWEDER2: und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] 
[ODER3: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
Kleinanleger 
angemessen 
sind 
– 
Anlageberatung[,][und] 
Portfolio-
Management[,][und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe 
der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine 
eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens 
unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]4.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,][and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA]; and [EITHER2: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
 
1 
Include this legend if parties have determined a target market. 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a put and/or 
call right). 
Enfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen keine 
Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
4 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
services] [OR3: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution 
services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels [, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, 
as applicable].4][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
[ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS")[,][und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch 
das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und Kleinanlager 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist] umfasst und [ENTWEDER2: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] [ODER3: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][und] 
Portfolio-Management[,][und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter UK MiFIR im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]4.][●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.5] 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) 
der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II; 
(ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "IDD"), soweit 
dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder 
(iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments 
 
5 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors".  
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an EWR Kleinanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"). 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "PRIIP-
Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt und daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.5] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation") as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("UK") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der 
Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das 
EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "FSMA") und 
aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist; oder (iii) sie ist 
kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"), welche durch EUWA 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, welche durch 
EUWA Teil des nationalen rechts ist (die "UK PRIIP-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für 
das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]6 
The Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen können auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) 
eingesehen werden.  
 
6  Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an UK Kleinanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Form of Final Terms 
Muster – Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
LEI: 549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
Series: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
Serien: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
 
Issue Date: [●]7  
Tag der Begebung: [●] 
 
issued pursuant to the EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated on 4 April 2023 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 4. April 2023 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for purposes of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 4 April 2023 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated 
[●]]. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Full information is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the individual issue 
of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 8 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
(in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 4. April 2023 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) 
Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) eingesehen werden. 
Um alle Angaben zu erhalten sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im 
Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.]8 
 
 
 
 
7 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
8 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Part I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I. ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:9 
A. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:9 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in this Prospectus as 
[Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
 
9 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen 
in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variable dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen und die weder 
angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND EIGENTUMSRECHT, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination10 
Währung und Nennbetrag 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegter Nennbetrag 
[     ] 
Number of Notes to be issued 
Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen 
[     ] 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Global Note11 
Globalurkunde 
 
New Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
ZINSEN (§ 4) 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I[A]) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I[A]) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
Festzinstermin(e) 
[     ] 
 
10 The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in 
such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen 
Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
11 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
 
Initial Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
 
Final Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Schuldverschreibungen 
Step Up Interest Margin 
 
Step Up Zinsmarge 
[     ] 
Increased Interest Rate 
 
Erhöhter Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 1 Percentage 
 
SPT 1 Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 1 Year 
 
SPT 1 Jahr 
[     ] 
SPT 2 Percentage 
 
SPT 2 Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 2 Year 
 
SPT 2 Jahr 
[     ] 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II [A][B]12) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II [A][B]) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[     ] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number][weeks][months][other period] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Anzahl][Wochen][Monate][anderer Zeitraum] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[ ][months] 
FRN Konvention (Floating Rate Note) (Zeiträume angeben) 
[ ] [Monate] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention  
 
12 
Insert "A" or, as the case may be, "B" in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to 
the date of this Prospectus. 
"A" bzw. "B" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum 
dieses Prospekts begeben wurde.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[  ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
T2 
T2 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
 
EURIBOR  
 
 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable  
number of months] 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
Monaten angeben] 
Benchmark Event prior to the commencement of the first Interest 
Period (§ 4(5)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed]  
[[●] % per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der ersten Zinsperiode [(§ 4(5)(b))] 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt 
wurde] 
[[●] % per annum] 
Margin 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[ ]% per annum 
 
plus 
plus 
 
minus 
minus 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction13 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 
13 Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short 
coupons) 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
Calculation Period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 
Reference period14 
Bezugsperiode 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[  ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
PAYMENTS (§ 5)15 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[  ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
T2 
T2 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 6) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date16 
Fälligkeitstag 
[     ] 
Redemption Month17 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at  
specified Call Redemption Dates18 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an  
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungstagen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[     ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
14 Not applicable in the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons). 
Nicht anwendbar bei Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) mit jährlichen Zinsperioden (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen 
Kupons). 
15 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
16 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
17 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
18 Complete for fixed rate Notes if Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during specified Call Redemption Period(s) is 
not applicable. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, wenn Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während 
festgelegter Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume (Call) nicht anwendbar ist.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during 
specified Call Redemption Period(s)19 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während  
festgelegter Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/-zeiträume (Call) 
[     ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption Amount20 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem Zinszahlungstag  
danach 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at  
Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)21 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Gläubigers zu  
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[     ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[     ] 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 7)22 
EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 7) 
Calculation Agent/specified office 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[     ] 
required location of Calculation Agent (specify) 
vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle (angeben) 
[     ] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE ([§ 12]) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER ([§ 12]) 
 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
 
 Applicable 
 
Anwendbar 
 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the Terms 
and Conditions 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht 
in den Anleihebedingungen 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
 
19 Complete for fixed rate Notes, if Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amount Date(s) 
is not applicable. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, wenn Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an 
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungstagen (Call) nicht anwendbar ist. 
20 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
21 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
22  Complete only if a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed. 
Nur auszufüllen, wenn eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die nicht der Fiscal Agent ist.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
 
 
 Not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
NOTICES ([§ 14]) 
MITTEILUNGEN ([§ 14]) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS ([§ 16])23 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN ([§ 16]) 
 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
English only 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
German only24 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
23  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, in 
the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, 
however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available 
from the principal office of Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum 
Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden, wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Investoren die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird 
eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich 
Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland erhältlich sein. 
24 Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht am regulierten Markt innerhalb des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Part II. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Teil II. ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. 
Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
 As far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their 
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers 
from or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. 
 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den 
an der Emission beteiligten Personen keine 
Interessen, die für das Angebot bedeutsam sind, 
außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene 
Unternehmen 
Kunden 
von, 
Kreditnehmer 
der 
oder 
Kreditgeber 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
mit 
ihr 
verbundener 
Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem sind 
bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking 
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking 
Transaktionen mit der Emittentin beteiligt, oder 
könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, und 
könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr 
Dienstleistungen für die Emittentin und mit ihr 
verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 
 
Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer25  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[     ] 
Gründe für das Angebot 
Use of proceeds26 
Verwendung der Erträge  
Estimated net proceeds27 
[     ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
Estimated total expenses of the issue28 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
 
25  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
26 If reasons for the offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks include those reasons here. 
 
Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in der Gewinnerzielung und/oder der Absicherung bestimmter Risiken bestehen, 
sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
27 If proceeds from Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge durch Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000 für 
verschiedene Verwendungszwecke 
bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
28  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
EZB-Fähigkeit: 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (NGN)29 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN) 
   
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier 
lediglich 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) 
des Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen Zentralbank abhängen, dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
mit 
"Nein" 
festgelegt 
wurde, 
können 
sich 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft 
derart 
ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden 
diese 
einzuhalten. 
Die 
 
29  Only applicable for Notes in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. 
Select "No" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
 
Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem 
ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service 
provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einem 
der 
ICSDs 
als 
gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es wird darauf 
hingewiesen, 
dass 
dies 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen Zentralbank abhängen, dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
Not applicable (CGN)30 
 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN)  
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)31  
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF)  
 
 
[Note that the ticked box means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt and that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass das 
Häkchen in dem Kästchen bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
verwahrt werden und dass dies nicht 
notwenigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten 
Laufzeit 
als 
EZB-fähige 
Sicherheiten 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
B. 
Information concerning the Notes to be offered/admitted to trading 
B. 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern  
Common Code 
[     ] 
Common Code 
ISIN Code 
[     ] 
ISIN Code 
 
30  Select if the Notes are in CGN form. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
31  Select if the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
German Securities Code 
[     ] 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)32] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[     ] 
[Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[     ] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI Code)33] 
[     ] 
[Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI Code)] 
[     ] 
Any other securities number 
[     ] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility34 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates  
and the further performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained from 
[Not applicable] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre  
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the EURIBOR rates 
§ 4 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 4 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity35 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[    ] % per annum 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the investors and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of the website investors may have free access to 
the contracts relating to these forms of representation36 
Vertretung der Inhaber von Nichtdividendenwerten unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der auf die Vertretung anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der die Öffentlichkeit kostenlos 
die Verträge einsehen kann, die diese Vertretung regeln 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror, of 
the Instruments and/or the person asking for admission to trading, including 
the legal entity identifier (LEI) where the offeror has legal personality. 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
 
Sofern der Anbieter nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist, Angabe der 
Identität und der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldverschreibungen 
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person 
einschließlich 
der 
Rechtsträgerkennung 
(LEI), 
falls 
der 
Anbieter 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
 
32  If the FISN is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der FISN nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
33  If the CFI Code is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der CFI Code nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
34 Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
35 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Nur bei festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
36  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 12 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 12 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
C. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer37 
C. 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots  
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the Notes offered to the public/admitted to trading. If the 
amount is not fixed, an indication of the maximum amount of the Notes to 
be offered (if available) and a description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of the offer. 
Gesamtemissionsvolumen 
der 
öffentlich 
angebotenen/zum 
Handel 
zugelassenen Schuldverschreibungen. Ist das Emissionsvolumen nicht 
festgelegt, Angabe des maximalen Emissionsvolumens der anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(sofern 
verfügbar) 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Vereinbarungen und des Zeitpunkt für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum. 
[specify details]  
 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot  
vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art 
und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
(entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten 
zu investierenden Betrags) 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des 
Angebots offen zu legen sind 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of 
subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit 
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten 
Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment38 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more countries 
and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of these,  
indicate any such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer Länder  
 
37 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
38 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
und wurde/wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten,  
Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 Pricing39 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Kurs, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 Placing and underwriting40 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place 
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots 
oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der Emittentin oder dem 
Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Plazeuren in den einzelnen Ländern des  
Angebots   
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.5 Public Offer Jurisdiction 
 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable]  
[Austria][Germany][The Netherlands][The Republic 
of Ireland] 
[Specify further Member State(s) – which must be 
jurisdiction(s) where the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot 
stattfinden kann 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Österreich][Deutschalnd][Niederlande][Republik 
Irland] 
[Weitere(n) relevante(n) Mitgliedsstaat(en) einfügen 
– Dieser muss eine/diese müssen Jurisdiktionen 
sein, in die der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge 
notifiziert wurden] 
Method of distribution  
[Specify details] 
Vertriebsmethode  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
39 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
40 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Subscription Agreement41 
 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
Management Details including form of commitment42  
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
Firm commitment 
[     ] 
Feste Zusage 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[     ] 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions43 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[     ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[     ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors44 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Kleinanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors45 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Kleinanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keine] 
D. 
Admission to trading 
D. 
Zulassung zum Handel 
Admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
41 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
42 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
43 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
44 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
45 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der UK PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Date of admission 
[     ] 
Termin der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading46 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
Regulated markets, third country markets or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the notes to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to trading.47 
Angabe geregelter Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte der MTFs auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen 
werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
[     ] 
Issue Price:  
[ ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: 
[ ] % 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. 
Additional Information 
E. 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating48 
[     ] 
Rating 
[The Notes are expected to be rated.] 
[Es wird erwartet, dass den Schuldverschreibungen ein Rating erteilt wird.] 
[Listing and Admission to Trading:49 
Börseneinführung und Zulassung: 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required to list this issue of Notes pursuant to the 
EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Deutsche Telekom AG (as from [insert Issue Date of 
the Notes]). 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung dieser Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Deutsche 
Telekom AG (ab dem [Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) erforderlich sind.] 
 
46 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
47 In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
48  Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. If the Notes are rated on an individual basis, include brief 
explanation of the meaning of the ratings. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Falls die Schuldverschreibung ein 
Einzelrating erhalten, kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen. 
49 Insert only if the Notes are listed. 
 
Nur einzufügen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen gelistet werden.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus50 
F. 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further 
financial intermediaries can be made and any other 
clear and objective conditions attached to the 
consent. 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, 
während 
derer 
die 
spätere 
Weiterveräußerung oder endgültige Platzierung von 
Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder weitere 
Finanzintermediäre 
erfolgen 
kann 
und 
alle 
sonstigen und klaren und objektiven Bedingungen, 
an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist. 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission 
of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und 
– soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten 
Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht 
selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden] 
 
50 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Taxation 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IN THE NOTES 
OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE 
MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM ANY NOTES. 
POTENTIAL INVESTORS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY 
AND THE NETHERLANDS AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
General Information 
General 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including CBF, CBL and Euroclear) 
has/have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance and provide any further appropriate information. 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the issue of Notes  
Certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by 
it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
2. United States of America 
(a) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note as part of its allotment within the United 
States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make 
the representation set forth in Article 4 (1)(15)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) has 
acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered 
and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and 
(y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date only in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and (iii) accordingly has further 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also 
agreed that at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:

--- Page 122 ---
122 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b) (2) (iii) (i) as part of its distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
closing date except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the 
prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation Section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the 
D Rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes that are sold during the restricted 
period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes 
for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the 
purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) 
has repeated and confirmed the representations and the agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for 
the benefit of the Issuer the agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (b) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. EEA  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the term "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the term an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a 
"Relevant State") that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 123 ---
123 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify an offer of those Notes other than pursuant to 
Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
4. United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer" ), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public 
Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for general financing purposes of Deutsche Telekom's group 
companies. 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information  
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list of and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom AG 
on 20 June 1997. 
The latest increase of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
to EUR 35,000,000,000 was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom AG on 
26 March 2019.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents Available 
The audited consolidated financial statements for Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 respectively, are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus.  
Deutsche Telekom AG 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 171 in the Annual Report of 2022), 
Consolidated income statement (page 172 in the Annual Report of 2022), 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 173 in the Annual Report of 2022), 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 174 to 175 in the Annual Report of 2022), 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 176 in the Annual Report of 2022) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 178 to 301 in the 
Annual Report of 2022), 
Auditor's report (pages 303 to 309 in the Annual Report of 2022). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 can be found on the following website:  
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10a1cf8180cf7e4c73b712a56651c7e69a 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 154 in the Annual Report of 2021), 
Consolidated income statement (page 155 in the Annual Report of 2021), 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 156 in the Annual Report of 2021), 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 157 to 158 in the Annual Report of 2021), 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 159 in the Annual Report of 2021) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 161 to 285 in the 
Annual Report of 2021), 
Auditor's report (pages 287 to 292 in the Annual Report of 2021). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021 can be found on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103415fb31a55b4fd2a995f37dad4b4b1a 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any information not listed in the cross-reference list above) but contained in one of the documents mentioned 
as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or covered in 
another part of this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus and all Reference Documents are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). This Prospectus as well as all supplements thereto, all Reference Documents, 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements prepared 
by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Prospectus, the 
historical consolidated financial information of Deutsche Telekom Group for each of the two financial years 
preceding the publication of this Prospectus are available on the website of Deutsche Telekom 
(www.telekom.com).

--- Page 127 ---
127 
The Articles of Association of Deutsche Telekom AG can be obtained from the following website: 
German version:  
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/308984/3e28c37443cc3ea805cf7626fff3041a/dl-satzung-data.pdf.  
English non-binding translation: 
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/425316/99f895eb13c14dad8884d99a79b2e13a/dl-articles-of-
incorporation-data.pdf.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Names and Addresses 
Issuer 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140 
53113 Bonn 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 München 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Agents 
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Legal Advisers 
To the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Auditors 
Deloitte GmbH  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Erna-Scheffler-Straße 2 
40476 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany