--- Page 1 ---
i 
    
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 FEBRUARY 2024 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
€4,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the meaning given to them in 
the section entitled “Glossary”. 
The €4,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has 
been established by Deutsche Bank S.p.A. (DB S.p.A. or the Issuer) for the issuance of covered bonds (the Covered Bonds) 
guaranteed by DB Covered Bond S.r.l. (the Guarantor) pursuant to Article 7-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 130 as amended 
from time to time (the Law 130) as implemented by Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 
310 as amended from time to time (the MEF Decree), and the supervisory instructions relating to covered bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 dated 17 December 2013, containing the 
“Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche”, as further implemented or amended (the BoI Regulations and, together with the Law 
130 and the MEF Decree, jointly the OBG Regulations). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all the Covered Bonds from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In 
the event of a compulsory winding-up of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected 
by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), which is the 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purposes of giving information with regard to the 
issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in Covered Bonds.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction 
and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019 (the Luxembourg Prospectus Law). 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds to be admitted during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to listing on the official list and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. As referred to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, by approving 
this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of 
the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the issuer. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” may agree to make an application to list a Series or 
Tranche on any other stock exchange as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be 
issued on an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where 
the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency).  
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen and 
USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or on such other basis as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below), in arrear at fixed or floating 
rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest accruing 
and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Series or Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Series or Tranche prepared in accordance 
with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
on or before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (Monte Titoli) for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
    
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any Relevant 
Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System. The 
expression Relevant Clearing Systems means any of Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme (Clearstream ) and Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear). Each Series or Tranche is and will be deposited with Monte Titoli on 
the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below).  Monte Titoli shall act as depositary 
for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and 
title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the Financial Law) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of 
the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 22 February 2008 and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 54 of 4 March 2008, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title is and 
will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Before the Maturity Date the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain 
circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
 
The Issuer may agree with the Dealers that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds herein, in which event (in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the Official List only) a supplement to the 
base prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Covered Bonds. 
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Moody’s 
Investors Services Limited (Moody’s) and any other rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in 
relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme (the Rating Agency). The rating of 
certain Series or Tranches to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, (the CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus may be issued by Moody’s, which is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation (as amended). As such Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such CRA Regulation as 
of the date of this Prospectus. 
A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal by the assigning Rating Agency at any time and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any other. 
An investment in Covered Bond issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of certain risks and 
other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds, see the section entitled 
“Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than the documents incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
Arranger 
 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
    
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in 
the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and any other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Guarantor 
(which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus in the 
sections headed “Description of the Seller”, “Description of the Cover Pool” and “Credit and 
Collection Policies”. To the best of the knowledge of the Seller (having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base 
Prospectus (and, therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of 
Covered Bonds are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the Dealers.  
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the 
Specified Office set out below of the Luxembourg Listing Agent (as defined below) and on 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto, 
all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents 
incorporated by reference”) and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Series 
of Covered Bonds, with the relevant Final Terms.  
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them 
in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the 
specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For the ease of reading this 
Base Prospectus, the “Glossary” below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which 
each capitalised term is first defined. 
The information cointained in this Base Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and the other 
sources identified herein and neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders have independently verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. Neither 
the Dealers nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders nor the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Italian Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Calculation Agent (the Agents) 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor in

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
    
connection with the Programme or the adequacy, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of 
the same. 
The Issuer, and in respect of the information relating to themselves only, the Seller and the 
Guarantor, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor 
and the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor and of the rights attaching the Covered Bonds, that the information contained 
herein is true, accurate and not misleading in all material respects, that the opinions and 
intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts 
the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect. The Issuer, 
and in respect of the information relating to themselves only, the Seller and the Guarantor 
accept responsibility accordingly. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Seller or the Guarantor to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered 
Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any party to the 
Transaction Documents (as defined in the Conditions). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase 
the Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Covered 
Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Seller or the 
Guarantor or the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of the Covered 
Bonds shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the Seller and the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of 
any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of approval (i.e. until 16 February 
2025) and it and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms filed within these 12 months 
reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any 
Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer since such date or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate

--- Page 5 ---
v 
    
or incomplete and has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus 
has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to 
the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on 
a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the 
basis of this Base Prospectus. In any case, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid.  
Pursuant to paragraph 2.2 of Section VII, Chapter 3, Part III of the Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Circular 
285”), the Issuer, on 30 June 2023, sent to Bank of Italy a disclosure letter on the Programme 
in which it confirmed that the Issuer has no intention to issue new Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, and therefore the Programme can be considered as dormant for the purposes of the 
provisions of Circular 285. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and 
any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on 
the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Covered Bonds, see “Selling Restrictions” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the 
Covered Bonds and the related Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or under the securities 
laws of any state or political sub-division of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, 
the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America 
or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, including the United 
Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in Japan. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any amendment or supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or 
any part thereof) constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell 
any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by 
anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be 
taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. Where a claim relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State, the plaintiff may, under 
the national legislation of the Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the 
costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published.  
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “EUR” or “Euro” are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
    
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; references to 
“U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the United States of America; reference to 
“Yen” are to the currency of Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of 
the United Kingdom; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and 
regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references 
to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of 
the purchase of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and 
described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide 
confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and 
will not be responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded 
to clients of the Arranger or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instrument, as amended (MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
    
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive No. 2017/593 (the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Covered Bond, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution 
of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules 
set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
MARKET INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding the market share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer’s 
analysis of data obtained from public sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer 
to be reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified such information, but the Issuer takes 
responsibility for the correct reproduction of such information. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-
looking, including statements with respect to the Issuer’s and the Group’s business strategies, 
expansion of operations, trends in their business and their competitive advantage, information 
on technological and regulatory changes and information on exchange rate risk and generally 
includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, 
“project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate”, “aim”, “intend”, “plan”, “continue” or similar 
expressions. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
    
and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may 
not occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of 
the date hereof. 
Any forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the 
Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update forward-looking 
statements set forth in this Base Prospectus. Many factors may cause the Issuer’s or the Group’s 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and the development of the industries in 
which they compete to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, certain alternative performance 
measures (“APMs”), as defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) (ESMA/2015/1415), concerning the presentation 
of APMs disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published on or after 3 July 2016. 
Such APMs, although not recognised as financial measures under International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), have been identified and are used by the management of the 
Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. Investors should view the 
APMs as complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS. 
This Prospectus includes the information on the Issuer’s return on assets (“ROA”), return on 
equity (“ROE”), cost to income ratio (“CIR”) and return on tangible net equity (“RoTE”),  
which are alternative performance measures, as defined by the ESMA’s Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures (defined above), and are used by the management of the 
Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance: 
 
ROA 
The term return on assets (ROA) refers to a financial ratio that indicates how profitable a 
company is in relation to its total assets.  
The Issuer presents ROA because management believes it is a meaningful measure to determine 
how efficiently the Bank uses its assets to generate a profit.  
 
(Figures in Eur) 
RoA (Return on Assets) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
(A) Total assets previous year 
         
30.726.806.997  
         
26.445.925.092  
 
(B) Total assets current year 
         
30.401.011.986  
         
30.726.806.997  
(C )= [(A)+(B)]/2          
30.563.909.492  
         
28.586.366.045  
(D) =Profit (loss) for the year              258.462.329                 35.728.392  
RoA (Return on Assets) = (D)/(C) 
0,85% 
0,12% 
 
 
 
ROE

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
    
 
Return on equity (ROE) is a measure of financial performance calculated by dividing net 
income by shareholders’ equity. Because shareholders’ equity is equal to a company’s assets 
minus its debt, ROE is considered the return on net assets. 
The Issuer presents ROE because management believes it is a meaningful considered a gauge 
of the Bank’s profitability and how efficient it is in generating profits. 
 
(Figures in Eur) 
RoE (Return on Equity) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
(A) Total equity previous year 
          2.102.001.925            1.878.289.559  
(B) Total equity current year 
          2.330.901.202            2.102.001.925  
(C) = [(A)+(B)]/2           2.216.451.564            1.990.145.742  
(D) =Profit (loss) for the year              258.462.329                 35.728.392  
RoE (Return on Equity) = (D)/(C) 
11,661% 
1,795% 
 
 
CIR 
The cost to income ratio (CIR) is an important financial metric in determining the profitability 
of banks. The measure looks at the cost of running operations as to a bank’s operating income. 
Lower ratios mean that a bank is running more profitably whereas a higher cost to income ratio 
indicate the banks operating expenses are too high. 
The Issuer presents CIR because management believes it is a meaningful considered a gauge 
of the Bank’s profitability and how efficient it is in generating profits. 
(Figures in Eur) 
CIR 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
(A) Operating costs 
(747.677.984) 
(813.515.261) 
(B) Total income 
             894.397.334               953.063.129  
Cost / Income ratio = (A)/(B) 
83,60% 
85,36% 
 
RoTE 
Adjusting the capital measure to exclude intangible assets is more consistent with how 
regulatory capital is calculated. So, the return on tangible net equity (RoTE) allows to assess 
how efficiently management allocates their regulatory capital base.  
 
The Issuer presents RoTE because management believes it is a key performance indicator of 
how the bank allocates its regulatory capital base. 
 
 
 
(Figures in Eur) 
 
RoTe (Return on Tangible Net Equity) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
(A) Total equity previous year 
          2.102.001.925            1.878.289.559  
(B) Intangeble Assets previous year 
               39.121.515                 47.347.215

--- Page 10 ---
x 
    
(C) = (A) - (B)  Total equity net Intangeble assets 
previous year 
          2.062.880.410            1.830.942.344  
  
  
  
(D) Total equity current year 
          2.330.901.202            2.102.001.925  
(E) Intangeble Assets current year 
               32.742.731                 39.121.515  
(F) = (D) - (E)  Total equity net Intangeble assets 
current year 
          2.298.158.471            2.062.880.410  
(G) = [(C)+(F)]/2           2.180.519.441            1.946.911.377  
(H) =Profit (loss) for the year              258.462.329                 35.728.392  
RoTE (Return on Tangible Net Equity) = (H)/(G) 
11,853% 
1,835%

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
    
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................. 56 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................ 105 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER ................................................................................ 124 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ..................................................................... 125 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR .............................................................. 130 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ..................................................................... 132 
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES ................................................................... 136 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ................................................................................................. 143 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS ............................................................................... 150 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ........................................ 154 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ................................................................. 178 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ...................................... 191 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ............ 238 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS............................................................................................ 267 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................... 285 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY .............................................................. 286 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................... 298 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................ 305 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................. 309 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................... 312 
GLOSSARY ................................................................................................................... 313

--- Page 12 ---
12 
    
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a structure diagram and a general description of the 
Programme for the purposes of the Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Series or 
Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should 
carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an 
investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered 
condition are to such condition in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A., a bank incorporated in Italy as a 
joint stock company (società per azioni) whose registered 
office is in Milan, at Piazza del Calendario, No. 3, Italy, 
registered with the Companies’ Register of Milan under 
number 01340740156 and registered with the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to article 13 of Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September, 1993 (the “Consolidated Banking Act”) 
under number 3104.7, and which is the parent company of 
the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group (the “Issuer” or “DB 
S.p.A.”). 
Calculation Agent
(Deutsche Bank S.p.A.)
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Seller/Servicer/ 
Issuer 
DB Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
(Covered Bond Guarantor)
Investors 
Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders
( Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited )
Paying Agent 
(Deutsche Bank S.p.A.) 
Quotaholders
Deutsche Bank 
S.p.A. 
(90%) 
Securitisation 
Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. 
(10%) 
Asset Hedging and 
Liability Hedging 
Counterparty 
(DB AG London Branch)
Asset Monitor
(BDO Italia S.p.A.) 
True sale of assets
Purchase price
Subordinated Loan 
Covered Bond guarantee 
Covered Bonds

--- Page 13 ---
13 
    
Arranger 
DB S.p.A. (the “Arranger”).  
Dealers 
DB S.p.A. and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and any 
other dealer appointed from time to time in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Guarantor 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l., a limited liability company 
(società a responsabilità limitata) incorporated in the 
Republic of Italy pursuant to Article 7 bis of Law No. 130 
of 30 April, 1999, as amended from time to time (the Law 
130), with a duration until 31 December, 2100, whose 
registered office is in Conegliano (TV), Via Vittorio 
Alfieri, No. 1, Italy, registered with the Companies’ 
Register of Treviso under No. 04497970261, and in the 
register of financial intermediaries under No. 42016, 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law, belonging to 
the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group and subject to the 
direction and coordination (attività di direzione e 
coordinamento) of DB S.p.A. (the “Guarantor”). 
Seller 
DB S.p.A. (the “Seller”).  
Servicer 
DB S.p.A. (the “Servicer”) will act as servicer pursuant to 
the Servicing Agreement.  
Back-up Servicer Facilitator 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank 
incorporated under the laws of Italy as a “società per 
azioni”, with a sole shareholder, having its registered 
office in Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, 
share capital of Euro 71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax code 
and enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-
Belluno number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 04977190265, registered 
in the Register of the Banks under number 5580 pursuant 
to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act and in the 
Register of the Banking groups as Parent Company of the 
Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale 
Banking 
Group, 
member of the “Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi” and of the “Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia” 
(“Banca Finint”) will act as back-up servicer facilitator 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement (the Back-up 
Servicer Facilitator). 
Corporate Servicer  
Banca Finint will act in its capacity as corporate servicer 
pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement (the 
Corporate Servicer). 
Asset Monitor 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at Viale 
Abruzzi, 94, Milan, Italy, with Fiscal Code, VAT number 
and registration number with the companies register of 
Milan No. 07722780967, enrolled under No.  167911 with 
the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for

--- Page 14 ---
14 
    
Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office 
as asset monitor under the Asset Monitor Agreement (the 
Asset Monitor). 
Cash Manager 
DB S.p.A. will act as cash manager under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the Cash 
Manager).  
Account Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch will act as account 
bank pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Account Bank”), for the purpose of 
maintaining and operating the Expense Account, the 
Investment Account, Transaction Account, the Reserve 
Account, the Collateral Account and the Securities 
Account (if any).  
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, DB S.p.A. will act as calculation agent (the 
Calculation Agent). The Calculation Agent will perform 
certain calculations and conduct certain tests pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty 
Any institution which agrees to act as mortgage pool swap 
counterparty (the “Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty”) 
to the Guarantor under a mortgage pool swap agreement 
executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge interest rate 
risk on the Mortgage Cover Pool (the “Mortgage Pool 
Swap”). The initial Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty 
will be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.  
Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty 
Any institution which agrees to act as covered bond swap 
counterparty 
(each, 
a 
“Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under a covered bond 
swap agreement which may be executed with the 
Guarantor in order to hedge certain interest rate risks, and 
possibly currency risks, in respect of amounts to be paid 
on the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Swap”). 
Asset Swap Counterparty 
Any institution which agrees to act as asset swap 
counterparty (each, an “Asset Swap Counterparty”) to 
the Guarantor under an asset swap agreement which may 
be executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge certain 
interest rate risks, and possibly currency risks, in respect 
of amounts received by the Guarantor under the ABS 
and/or Public Assets (the “Asset Swap”). 
Cover Pool Swap 
Counterparties  
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and, as the case 
may be, each Asset Swap Counterparty, if any. 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Cover Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty, if any.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
    
Swap Agreements 
The Mortgage Pool Swap and, if any, the Covered Bond 
Swap(s) and the Asset Swap(s), that may be entered into 
between 
the 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
relevant 
Swap 
Counterparty during the life of the Programme, each of 
which 
is 
documented 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
documentation published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”), which are in 
particular: 
(i) 
1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule 
thereto (“ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(ii) 
1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-
English Law) to the Schedule to the ISDA Master 
Agreement (“CSA”); and 
(iii) 
the relevant Confirmation(s) entered into between 
the Guarantor and each Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty, 
each 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty and each Asset Swap Counterparty 
respectively.  
Principal Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, a bank organised 
under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany and 
having its principal place of business at Taunusanlage 12 
in the City of Frankfurt (Main) and operating in the United 
Kingdom under branch member BR000005 at Wincester 
House, 1 Great Wincester Street, London EC2N2DB, 
England, will act as principal paying agent under the 
Programme pursuant to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Principal 
Paying Agent”). 
Italian Paying Agent 
DB S.p.A. will act as Italian Paying Agent under the 
Programme pursuant to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Italian 
Paying Agent”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg Societé Anonyme, a bank 
organised as societé anonyme under the laws of 
Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 2bd Konrad 
Adenauer, L-115 Luxembourg, will act as Luxembourg 
listing agent under the Programme (the “Luxembourg 
Listing Agent”). 
Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders  
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, a company 
organised as a limited company under the laws of England 
and Wales, whose registered office is at Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, 
will act as representative of the covered bondholders 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the Rules of 
the 
Organisation 
of 
Covered 
Bondholders 
(the 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
    
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the 
principal parties described above in this Section, other 
than the relationship existing between the DB S.p.A. (as 
Issuer, Seller, Servicer and its other roles as indicated 
above) and the Guarantor, both of which belong to the 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group and the relationship existing 
between the DB S.p.A. (as Issuer, Seller, Servicer and its 
other roles as indicated above) and Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch (as Principal Paying Agent and Account 
Bank), 
Deutsche 
Trustee 
Company 
Limited 
(as 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) and Deutsche 
Luxembourg Societè Anonime (as Luxembourg Listing 
Agent), all of which belonging to the Deutsche Bank 
Group.  
The entities belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group 
are subject to the direction and coordination (direzione e 
coordinamento) of DB S.p.A. 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group means jointly the banks 
and the other companies belonging from time to time to 
the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. banking group registered with 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Deutsche Bank Group means jointly the banks and the 
other companies belonging from time to time to the 
Deutsche Bank international banking group, subject to the 
direction and coordination of Deutsche Bank AG, 
Frankfurt. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Services Limited (Moody’s), and/or 
any other rating agency which may be appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of 
Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme (the Rating Agency ). Whether or not a rating 
in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will 
be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under 
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in the 
Base Prospectus may be issued by Moody’s, which is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation (as amended). As such Moody’s is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such CRA Regulation as of the 
date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
    
2. 
THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Description 
A covered bond programme under which Covered Bonds 
will be issued by the Issuer to Covered Bondholders and 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Programme Amount 
Up to €4.000.000.000 (and for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date 
of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the 
Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final 
Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any time (the Programme Limit). The 
Programme Limit may be increased in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement and, according to 
Article 18, letter (i), of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2019/979 
of 
14 
March 
2019, 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will 
publish a supplement to the Prospectus. 
Distribution of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with 
the relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions 
may be subject to certain selling restrictions. Persons who 
are in possession of the Base Prospectus are required by 
the Issuer, the Dealer and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about, and to observe, any such restriction. The 
Covered Bonds and the related Covered Bond Guarantee 
have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) or under the securities laws of any state or political 
sub-division of the United States. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to US persons. There 
are further restrictions on the distribution of the Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the 
European Economic Area, including the United Kingdom, 
the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, 
and in Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of 
the Base Prospectus, see section “Subscription and Sale” 
of the Base Prospectus. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or 
currencies as may be agreed from time to time between the 
Issuer and the Dealer and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (each a Specified Currency), subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal, regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
    
Denomination of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds will 
be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal or regulatory or central bank requirements 
(see Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title)).  
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency).  
Issue Price  
Covered Bonds may be issued at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or at a premium over, par, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, the 
Issue Price for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Programme 
Agreement (each, the Issue Date  in relation to such Series 
or Tranche). 
Initial Issue Date  
The date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of 
Covered Bonds (the Initial Issue Date). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, subject in each case, to the extent 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention 
(as defined in the Conditions) (such date, a CB Payment 
Date). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment 
Date (or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date) (CB Interest Period). 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in 
the relevant Final Terms (Interest Commencement 
Date). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in 
dematerialised form or in any other form as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
    
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be 
held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte 
Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account 
holders. Each Series or Tranche will be deposited with 
Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date in accordance with 
Article 83-bis of the Financial Law. Monte Titoli shall act 
as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be 
evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by 
means of, book-entries in accordance with the provisions 
of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Law and the 
relevant implementing regulations and (ii) the regulation 
issued by the bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e per la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 
2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds 
may be Amortising Covered Bonds, Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds 
scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and 
Covered Bonds repayable in one or more instalments or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Series or tranche shall be comprised of Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
only or Amortising Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds only or such other Covered Bonds 
accruing interest on such other basis and at such other rate 
as may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a 
predefined amortisation schedule where, in addition to 
interest, the Issuer will pay, on each relevant CB Payment 
Date, a portion of principal up to the relevant Maturity 
Date (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) in 
instalments. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered 
Bonds will be payable in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms, on such date as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
    
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined in accordance 
with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer for each Series 
or Tranche of Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different 
terms from each other, subject to the terms set out in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of such Series. Covered 
Bonds of different Series will not be fungible among 
themselves. Series may be issued in more than one tranche 
(each a Tranche) which are fungible among themselves 
within the Series and are identical in all respects, but 
having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, 
issue prices and dates for first interest payments. The 
Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but 
subject to certain conditions (see “Conditions Precedent to 
the Issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds” below). 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in 
accordance with the generally applicable terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions) prior to 
the issue of each Series or Tranche detailing certain 
relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that 
Series or Tranche only, completes the Conditions and the 
Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, the Final 
Terms). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series or Tranche are the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
Interest on the Covered 
Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing 
and interest will be calculated on the principal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds (the Principal 
Amount Outstanding). Interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the 
Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms. Interest may 
accrue on the Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may be so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and 
the Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
    
Interest Rate Conversion 
The relevant Final Terms may specify, with respect to a 
Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, that, in the event such Covered Bonds are not 
redeemed in full on the Maturity Date, the interest rate 
payable on such Covered Bonds converts to a floating rate 
index plus a conversion margin in accordance with the 
terms specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds will indicate either (a) that the 
Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified cases, e.g. redemption by 
instalments if applicable, taxation reasons, or if it becomes 
unlawful for any Covered Bonds to remain outstanding, or 
following a Guarantor Event of Default), or (b) that such 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer upon giving notice to the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds (the Covered Bondholders) and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Conditions and of the relevant 
Final Terms, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer (as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms) or (c) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders, 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 8(viii) 
(Redemption at the Option of Covered Bondholders). 
 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable at par as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms but in any case the 
redemption amount shall be at least equal to par value. 
Covered Bonds may also be redeemable in two or more 
instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
In certain circumstances indicated under the Conditions 
(including an early redemption (i) for tax reasons or 
illegality, or (ii) following a delivery by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice 
upon the Covered Bond Guarantor), the Covered Bonds 
may be early redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the outstanding 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by 
the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 8(e) ((Redemption for tax 
reasons)).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
    
 
If any tax deduction is made, the Issuer shall be required 
to pay additional amounts in respect of the amounts so 
deducted or withheld, subject to a number of exceptions 
including deductions on account of Italian substitute tax 
pursuant to Decree 239. In such circumstances and 
provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in 
part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition (8)(e) 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional 
amount due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event 
of Default (as defined below).  
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the 
Maturity Date) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of the 
Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided 
in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), and subject to 
any provision regarding the extension of maturity which 
may be included in the Final Terms, the Covered Bonds of 
each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the relevant Maturity Date.  
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds may also provide that the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) of the applicable 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on their Maturity 
Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions (the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date). 
Such 
deferral 
will 
automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, if: 
 
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
 
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available 
(in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments) to pay in full any 
amount representing the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the amount due (subject to the 
applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bond as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (the Final Redemption 
Amount) on the Extension Determination Date. 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Guarantor has 
sufficient Available Funds (as defined below) to pay in

--- Page 23 ---
23 
    
part the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor shall make on each CB Payment Date according 
to the relevant Final Terms partial payment of the relevant 
Final Redemption Amount, in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments (as defined 
below), without any preference among the Covered Bonds 
outstanding, except in respect of maturities of each Series 
or Tranche. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB 
Payment Date thereafter according to the relevant Final 
Terms, up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be 
payable on any unpaid amount up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(ii) 
(Extension of maturity). 
Ranking of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, except in 
respect of maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save 
for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally 
with 
all 
other 
present 
and 
future 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same 
maturity of each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by 
Law 130 and the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the MEF Decree) 
and with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Transaction Documents (as defined below), the Covered 
Bondholders will benefit from recourse on the Issuer and 
limited recourse on the Guarantor.  The obligation of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be 
limited recourse to the Available Funds. 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions 
of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In 
particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding 
Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as its representative and accepts to 
be bound by the terms of each of the Transaction 
Documents signed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a 
signatory thereto.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
    
Conditions Precedent to the 
Issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled to (but not obliged to) at its 
option, on any date and without the consent of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds issued beforehand and of any other 
creditors of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, issue further 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds other than the first 
issued Series or Tranche, subject to: 
 
(i) 
satisfaction of the Tests both before and 
immediately after such further issue of Covered 
Bonds; and  
 
(ii) 
compliance 
with 
the 
requirements 
of 
issuing/assigning banks (Requisiti delle banche 
emittenti e/o cedenti; see Section II, Paragraph 1 
of the BoI Regulations, the Conditions to the 
Issue); and  
 
(iii) 
no Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) 
having occurred. 
 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued 
under all Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the 
assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered 
Bond Guarantee (as defined below) (see also section 
“Ranking of the Covered Bonds”). 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made for the approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the CSSF as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. Application 
will be made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer in 
relation to the Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation 
to any issuance of the Covered Bonds that are not to be 
publicly offered and not to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of any Stock Exchange in any Member 
State and for which a prospectus is not required in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
    
Settlement 
Monte Titoli / Euroclear / Clearstream or any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents will 
be governed by Italian law, except for the Swap 
Agreements and the Deed of Charge, which will be 
governed by English law.  
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be assigned a rating by the Rating 
Agencies or may be unrated as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to 
a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in 
the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless (1) such 
rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”).  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the 
Rating Agency.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
    
Purchase of the Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. If 
purchase is made by tender, tenders must be available to 
all holders of the Series or Tranche which the Issuer 
intends to buy.  
3. 
COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Security for the Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Covered Bondholders will benefit 
from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor which will, in 
turn, hold a portfolio of receivables transferred by the 
Seller consisting of certain Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets (as defined below). 
The Eligible Assets 
The receivables forming part of the Cover Pool may 
consist of some or all of the following assets: (i) Italian 
residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) 
pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF 
Decree (the Mortgage Loans and, collectively, the 
Mortgage Cover Pool); (ii) loans granted to, or 
guaranteed by (on the basis of “guarantees valid for the 
purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzie valide ai fini 
della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by 
Article 1, paragraph 1, lett. h) of the MEF Decree), the 
public entities indicated in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c), 
of the MEF Decree (including (a) ministerial bodies and 
local or regional bodies, located within an Eligible State 
for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations 
for 
banks 
– 
standardised 
approach; 
(b) 
public 
administrations located outside an Eligible State, for 
which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with 
the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach – or regional or local public entities 
or non-economic administrative entities, located outside 
an Eligible State, for which a risk weight not exceeding 
20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach; 
(iii) securities issued or guaranteed by the public entities 
referred to under paragraph (ii) above ((ii) and (iii) to be 
jointly referred to as the Public Assets, provided that the 
Public Assets may not amount to more than 10% of the 
aggregate nominal value of the Cover Pool); and (iv) 
securities issued in the framework of securitisations with 
95% of the underlying assets of the same nature as in (i), 
(ii) and (iii) above and for which a 20% risk weight is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s 
prudential regulations for Banks – standardised approach 
(the ABS). Assets under (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are jointly 
defined as the Eligible Assets.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
    
Limit to the transfer of 
Public Assets 
The maximum aggregate amount of Public Assets which 
may from time to time be assigned to the Guarantor and 
included in the Cover Pool shall be no higher than 10% of 
the Cover Pool, provided that such limit may be exceeded 
if necessary in order to cure a breach of Tests. 
The Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee the 
Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for 
Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments (as defined therein).  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in 
respect of the Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment 
are subject to the conditions that an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred and a Notice to Pay has been served by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, a Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred and an Acceleration Notice has been 
served on the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor 
will accelerate with respect to all Guaranteed Amounts 
once an Acceleration Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, unconditional 
and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and 
certain provisions of the Italian civil code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified 
in the MEF Decree, shall not apply to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with limited 
recourse to the Available Funds (as defined below), 
irrespective 
of 
any 
invalidity, 
irregularity 
or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of 
the Issuer.  
 
4. 
ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT, GUARANTOR EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND 
PRIORITIES OF PAYMENTS 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall 
constitute Issuer Events of Default: 
 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of 15 days or 
more to pay any principal or redemption amount, 
or any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or Tranche when due; or 
 
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any

--- Page 28 ---
28 
    
Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or 
any obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover 
Pool with the tests), (except where, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy in which case no notice will be required), 
and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to 
the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether 
or not such failure is capable of remedy; or  
 
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test 
Notice, the Tests (as defined below) are not met 
at, or prior to, the next Calculation Date unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders resolves otherwise; or 
 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event has occurred (as defined 
below). 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the Notice 
to Pay) on the Issuer and Guarantor that an Issuer Event 
of Default has occurred, (specifying, in case of an Article 
74 Event, that the Issuer Event of Default may be 
temporary) unless an Extraordinary Resolution is passed 
resolving otherwise.  
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay:  
 
(a) 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank 
pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, 
provided that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in 
accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the 
MEF Decree and pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of the Transaction Documents, the 
Guarantor shall be solely responsible for  the 
exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
vis-à-vis the Issuer and (C) in case of an Article 74 
Event (i) the Guarantor, in accordance with the 
MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under 
the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period

--- Page 29 ---
29 
    
(as defined below) and (ii) upon the end of the 
Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible 
for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer);  
 
(b) 
the Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee (See Sections Covered Bond 
Guarantee);  
 
(c) 
the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be applied 
and the Amortisation Test shall be also applied; 
 
(d) 
no further Covered Bonds will be issued. 
 
provided that, in case of an Article 74 Event, the effects 
listed in items from (a) to (c) above will only apply during 
the Suspension Period. 
Suspension Period  means the period of time following a 
resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the Article 
74 Event), in which the Guarantor, in accordance with the 
MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the entire 
period in which the suspension continues. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor (the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice), informing such parties 
that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default, the following events 
shall constitute Guarantor Events of Default:  
 
(i) 
failure by the Guarantor for a period of 15 days or 
more to pay any amounts due for payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche; or 
 
(ii) 
breach of the Mandatory Tests or the Amortisation 
Test on any Calculation Date; or 
 
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material 
obligations under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or 
any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or 
any obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover

--- Page 30 ---
30 
    
Pool with the tests), (except where, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy in which case no notice will be required), 
and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to 
the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether 
or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall serve a notice on the 
Guarantor (the Acceleration Notice) that a Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred, unless an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed resolving otherwise.  
 
Upon the service of the Acceleration Notice, all Covered 
Bonds will become immediately due and payable by the 
Guarantor at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with any accrued interest and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves. 
Cross Acceleration 
After the delivery of an Acceleration Notice with respect 
to a Series or Tranche, all Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding will cross accelerate at the same 
time against the Guarantor, provided that the Covered 
Bonds does not otherwise contain a cross default provision 
and will thus not cross accelerate against the Guarantor in 
case of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available 
Funds (as defined below) to make payments or to make 
provisions towards payments due before the following 
Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof any and all taxes 
due and payable by the Guarantor, to the extent 
that such sums are not met by utilising the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expense 
Account and to credit the amount necessary to 
replenish the Expense Account up to the Expense 
Required Amount; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata: a) 
according to the respective amounts thereof any 
Guarantor’s documented fees, costs, expenses, in

--- Page 31 ---
31 
    
order to preserve its corporate existence, to 
maintain it in good standing and to comply with 
applicable legislation (the Expenses), to the extent 
that such costs and expenses are not met by 
utilising the amount standing to the credit of the 
Expense Account; and b) the amounts of interest 
(if any) accrued on the Purchase Price due to the 
Seller on a preceding Transfer Date in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, in the following order any amount 
due and payable (including, but not limited to, 
fees, costs and expenses) to the extent that these 
are not due by the Issuer to:  
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Cash 
Manager, the Account Bank, the Cover 
Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(C) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor; the Back-up 
Servicer Facilitator and the Back-up 
Servicer (if any); 
 
(iv) 
fourth, any interest amount due to the Mortgage 
Pool Swap Counterparty and (if any) the Asset 
Swap Counterparty including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor, except 
the Excluded Swap Termination Amount; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay pari passu and pro rata: 
 
a) 
interest amounts due to the Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparties, pro rata and pari 
passu in respect of each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor except the Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount); and 
 
b) 
any Base Interest due and payable on each 
Guarantor Payment Date to the Seller 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, provided that the Tests 
are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment 
Date;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
    
 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit the Potential Commingling Amount 
if required pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Reserve Account an 
amount required to ensure that the Reserve 
Account is funded up to the Required Reserve 
Amount, as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; 
 
(viii) 
eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Transaction Account until 
such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is 
appointed; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance 
with the respective amounts thereof any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amount; 
(x) 
tenth, to allocate to the credit of the Principal 
Available Funds an amount equal to the amounts 
paid under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments in the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Dates and not yet 
repaid under this item; 
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay any Premium Interest on the 
Subordinated Loan, provided that no breach of 
Tests has occurred and is continuing. 
 
(the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty 
directly and not under the Priority of Payments 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts  means, at any time, 
cash and/or securities equivalent of the same type, nominal 
value and description as the Swap Collateral which is to be 
transferred back by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Guarantor Payment Date  means the 26th day of each 
months of October, January, April and July, or if the last 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall 
in October 2012.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
    
Excluded Swap Termination Amount  means any 
termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor to 
a Swap Counterparty, where the Swap Counterparty is the 
Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party pursuant to the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
Expense Required Amount  means Euro 50,000.  
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available 
Funds (as defined below) to make payments or to make 
provisions towards payments due before the following 
Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under 
items (i) to (vii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on 
such Guarantor Payment Date, to make such 
payments in full; 
 
(ii) 
second, to acquire Subsequent Receivables of 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets (other 
than those funded through the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan);  
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu:  
(a) 
any principal amounts due or to become 
due and payable to the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties pro rata and 
pari passu in respect of each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement; and  
(b) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due 
or to become due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan provided that in any 
case the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Mandatory Tests are still satisfied after 
such payment and/or, where applicable, 
provided that no amounts shall be applied 
to make a payment in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan if the principal 
amounts outstanding under the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
which have fallen due for payment on 
such Guarantor Payment Date have not 
been repaid in full by the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
    
 
(the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments ). 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded 
Amounts will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty 
directly and not under the Priority of Payments. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the Interest Available 
Funds  shall include: 
 
(a) 
any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited into the Transaction 
Account during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any 
withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(d) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments; 
 
(e) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal 
received under the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
 
(f) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal 
received under the Covered Bond Swaps (other 
than any Swap Collateral); 
 
(g) 
any swap termination payments received from a 
Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts will 
first be used to pay a Replacement Swap 
Counterparty to enter into a Replacement Swap 
Agreement, 
unless 
a 
Replacement 
Swap 
Agreement has already been entered into by or on 
behalf of the Guarantor;  
 
(h) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Fund in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount and following the service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account;

--- Page 35 ---
35 
    
 
(i) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already 
allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) 
received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
 
(j) 
the Potential Commingling Amount if such 
amount has been credited in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred.  
 
Reserve Fund  means any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Reserve Account up to the Required Reserve 
Amount. 
 
Required Reserve Amount  means (a) if the Issuer’s short 
term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s, nil or such 
other amount as the Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from 
time to time and otherwise, an amount which will be 
determined on each Payment Report Date and which will 
be equal to one-third of the estimate of the quarterly 
amount payable under items from (i) to (v) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment at the 
following Payment Report Date; or (b) any other higher 
amount that may be required by the relevant implementing 
provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on 
the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU and communicated by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent before each relevant Payment Report 
Date. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the Principal Available 
Funds  shall include:  
 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal 
collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the 
Receivables 
during 
the 
Collection 
Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
    
 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds 
deriving from the sale of the Receivables under (c) 
above, all proceeds deriving from the liquidation 
of Eligible Investments during the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(e) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) 
received under any Swap Agreements (other than 
the Swap Collateral);  
 
(f) 
any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (ix) 
of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; 
(g) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already 
allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) 
received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
 
Collection Period  means each period from (but 
excluding) a Collection Date to (and including) the 
following Collection Date or, in respect of the first 
Collection Period, the period from (and including) the 
Evaluation Date of the transfer of the Initial Portfolio to 
(and including) the next following Collection Date. 
Collection Date  means the last calendar day of March, 
June, September and December of each year; the first 
Collection Date will fall in September 2012. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay, but prior 
to the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Guarantor will use the Available Funds, to make payments 
or to make provisions towards payments due before the 
following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of priority 
set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, 
to maintain it in good standing and to comply with 
applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order any amount 
due and payable to:  
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
    
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the 
Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the 
Servicer; 
(C) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor; 
the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the 
Back-up Servicer (if any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
interest payments due to the Swap 
Counterparties (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor but excluding any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amount); and  
b) 
interest due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu: a) principal 
payments due to the Swap Counterparties 
(including any termination payment due and 
payable by the Guarantor but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and b) 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds; 
 
(v) 
fifth, after each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in full 
of the Covered Bonds has been provided for (such 
that the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds) to pay pro rata and 
pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount due and payable by the Guarantor; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds 
has been provided for (such that the Required 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds) any remaining moneys will be 
applied in and towards repayment in full of 
amounts outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
    
 
(the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments). 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Available Funds  
shall include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the 
Principal Available Funds and (c) the amounts received by 
the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-
vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of 
the MEF Decree (the Excess Proceeds) provided that the 
Available Funds do not include the Swap Collateral. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the credit 
of the Investment Account in one or more of the following 
obligations or securities:  
(a) 
any investment denominated in Euro that 
has a remaining maturity date falling, or 
which is redeemable at par together with 
accrued unpaid interest, no later than the 
earlier of (i) the maturity reported in the 
table below and (ii) the Liquidation Date 
immediately preceding the CB Payment 
Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds and that is an obligation of a 
company incorporated in, or a sovereign 
issuer of, a Qualifying Country, and is one 
or more of the following obligations or 
securities (including, without limitation, 
any obligations or securities for which the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders or an affiliate of any of them 
provides services):  
(i) 
direct obligations of any agency 
or instrumentality of a sovereign 
of a Qualifying Country, the 
obligations of which agency or 
instrumentality 
are 
unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed in full by that 
Qualifying Country;  
(ii) 
call and time or term deposits in, 
certificates of deposit of and 
bankers’ acceptances issued by 
any depositary institution or 
trust 
company 
(including, 
without limitation, the Account 
Bank) incorporated under the 
laws of a Qualifying Country 
and subject to supervision and 
examination by governmental 
banking authorities, provided 
that such investments shall have

--- Page 39 ---
39 
    
a minimum rating equal to the 
ones reported on the following 
table:  
Maturity                                   
Rating                 Moody’s           
Less than 365 calendar days  
“P-1”  
Less than 30 calendar days  
“P-2”;  
(iii) 
any security rated at least (A) 
“P-2” by Moody’s, if the 
relevant maturity is up to 30 
calendar days, (B) “P-1” by 
Moody’s, 
if 
the 
relevant 
maturity is up to 365 calendar 
days and (C) “Aaa” by Moody’s, 
if the relevant maturity is greater 
than 365 days, provided that, in 
all 
cases, 
the 
maximum 
aggregate total exposures in 
general to classes of assets with 
certain ratings may be limited by 
the Rating Agency;  
(iv) 
any Eligible Asset, provided 
that, 
in 
all 
cases, 
such 
investments shall from time to 
time 
comply 
with 
Rating 
Agency’s criteria;  
(v) 
subject to the rating of the 
Covered 
Bonds 
not 
being 
affected, 
unleveraged 
repurchase 
obligations 
with 
respect to: (1) commercial paper 
or other short-term obligations 
having, at the time of such 
investment, a credit rating of at 
least “A2” and “P1” by Moody’s 
and a maturity of not more than 
90 days from their date of 
issuance; 
(2) 
any 
other 
investment similar to those 
described 
in 
paragraph 
(1) 
above: (a) provided that any 
such other investment will not 
affect the rating of the Covered 
Bonds; and (b) which has the 
same rating as the investment 
described 
in 
paragraph 
(1)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
    
above, provided that, in any 
event, none of the  investments 
set out above may consist, in 
whole or in part, actually or 
potentially, 
of 
credit-linked 
notes or similar claims resulting 
from the transfer of credit risk 
by means of credit derivatives 
nor may any amount available to 
the Guarantor in the context of 
the Programme otherwise be 
invested in any such instruments 
at any time;  
(b) 
in relation to the investment of any other 
funds,  
(i) 
a cash deposit held by an 
Eligible Institution; and/or  
(ii) 
any 
other 
debt 
instrument 
(including 
any 
repurchase 
transaction, 
certificate 
of 
deposit, commercial paper, debt 
security) 
issued 
or 
fully 
guaranteed 
by 
an 
Eligible 
Institution,  
provided that in all cases such investments shall 
from time to time comply with Rating Agency’s 
criteria, and that all investments shall have a 
duration no longer than the Liquidation Date 
immediately following the date on which the 
relevant Eligible Investment has been made or at 
disposable at no loss. 
 
(the Eligible Investments). 
Liquidation Date  means the date of disinvestment of the 
Eligible Investments made by the Cash Manager in respect 
of each Collection Period falling not later than one 
Business Day following the Servicer Report Date; the first 
Liquidation Date will fall in October 2012. 
Qualifying Country means a country rated at the time of 
such investment or contractual commitment providing for 
such investment in such obligations, at least P-2 by 
Moody’s. 
Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of an Acceleration Notice, the 
Available Funds will be used to make payments in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to

--- Page 41 ---
41 
    
the extent that payments of a higher priority have been 
made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order any amount 
due and payable to:  
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Cash 
Manager, the Account Bank, the Cover 
Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
(C) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor; 
the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the 
Back-up Servicer (if any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu:  
a) 
principal and interests due to the Swap 
Counterparties (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the 
Guarantor but excluding any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amount); and 
b) 
principal and interests due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu, any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and 
payable by the Guarantor;  
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay any remaining moneys towards 
repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
 
(the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments  and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, are 
collectively referred to as the Priorities of Payments).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
    
5. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
Transfer of the Receivables 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into 
between the Seller and the Guarantor, dated on 22 June, 
2012 (the Master Transfer Agreement), (a) the Seller 
transferred to the Guarantor an initial portfolio comprising 
certain Eligible Assets (the Initial Receivables) and (b) 
the Seller may assign and transfer further Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor from time to 
time, in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer 
of further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
referred to below (such Eligible Assets and Integration 
Assets, (other than deposits opened with banks residing in 
Eligible States) are referred to as the Subsequent 
Receivables).  
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables, as 
the case may be, in order to: 
 
(a) 
collateralise and allow the issue of further series 
or tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, 
subject to the limits to the assignment of further 
Eligible Assets set forth by the BoI Regulations 
(Limiti alla cessione; see Section II, Paragraph 2 
of the BoI Regulations, the Limits to the 
Assignment) (the Issuance Assignment); 
 
(b) 
invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the 
Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default 
has occurred (the Revolving Assignment); or  
 
(c) 
ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
(the Integration Assignment). 
 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to 
the conditions provided therein, the Seller shall be allowed 
to repurchase Eligible Assets which have been assigned to 
the Guarantor.  
 
The Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets will be 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse 
(pro soluto) in accordance with the OBG Regulations and 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Representations and 
Warranties of the Seller 
Under a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Seller and the Guarantor, dated 22 June 2012 
(the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement), the Seller 
has made certain representations and warranties regarding 
itself and the Receivables including, inter alia:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
    
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction 
Documents 
and 
assume 
the 
obligations expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and 
enforceability of the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables, the absence of 
any lien attaching the Receivables; subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the relevant 
agreements, the full, unconditional, legal title of 
the Seller to the Receivables; 
 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the relevant 
agreements, against the relevant Debtors of the 
obligations from which the Receivables arise. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
Debtors  means any person, entity or subject, also different 
from the beneficiary, who is liable for the payment of 
amounts due, as principal and interest, in respect of a 
Receivable. 
General Criteria 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans 
forming part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the 
following criteria (the Mortgage Loans General 
Criteria): 
 
(A) Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which, at 
the Evaluation Date (inclusive), met all the following 
criteria:  
1. loans classified as building and land mortage loans 
(mutui ipotecari and mutui fondiari); 
2. loans secured by way of a mortgage on residential 
immovable property where the ratio beween the loan 
amount and the value of the security (determined as at the 
date of the financing agreement) is equal to or less than 
80%; 
3. loans having as their main debtors one or more natural 
persons (persone fisiche) (SAE Code 600/614/615), at 
least one of which resides in Italy as at the date of 
disbursement of the loan; 
4. loans which have been fully drawn (even if not in a 
single tranche) or which arise from the fractioning in 
amounts of a previous loan and in relation to which there 
is no obligation or possibility to make additional 
drawdowns;

--- Page 44 ---
44 
    
5. loans secured by way of a mortgage on residential 
immovable property located in the Republic of Italy in 
respect of which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has 
passed as at the or prior to the Evaluation Date;  
6. loans for which at least one instalment has matured and 
has been repaid; 
7. loans governed by Italian law; 
8. loans denominated in Euro (or drawn in a different 
currency and subsequently re-denominated in Euro); 
9. loans secured by a first mortgage (ipoteca di primo 
grado economico), i.e.: 
(a) a first legal mortgage; or 
(b) a mortgage ranking in priority immediately after a 
first legal mortgage in respect of which: 
(i) the relevant lender has consented in writing to 
the cancellation of the first legal mortgage(s); or 
(ii) the obligations secured by the first legal 
mortgage have been fully satisfied; 
10. loans secured by a first mortgage (ipoteca di primo 
grado economico) over immovable property which has 
already been completed (i.e. which is not in construction). 
(B) Receivables arising from mortgage loans which, at the 
Evaluation Date, comply with the criteria listed above are 
excluded (save as provided otherwise) where, as at the 
Evaluation Date such loans: 
1. have been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), 
public consortiums (consorzi pubblici) or ecclesiastical 
entities (enti ecclesiastici); 
2. are classified as agricultural mortgages (mutui agrari) 
or fishing mortgages (mutui pescherecci) pursuant to 
Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act; 
3. have been drawn pursuant to any law (including regional 
law) that envisages subsidies or allowances on principal or 
interest (i.e. loans at preferential rates (mutui agevolati o 
convenzionati)); 
4. have been wholly or partially funded by third parties 
(including by facilitation entities (enti agevolanti)).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
    
 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Public Assets 
forming part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the 
following criteria (the Public Assets General Criteria): 
 
(C) Receivables arising from Public Assets: 
 
Loans granted to, or guaranteed by, and securities issued 
by, or guaranteed by, the entities indicated in Article 2, 
paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the MEF Decree. 
 
Each of the receivables deriving from the ABS forming 
part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the 
following criteria (the ABS General Criteria): 
 
(D) Receivables arising from ABS: 
 
Securities issued in the framework of securitisations 
having as underlying assets Mortgage Loans or Public 
Assets, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the 
MEF Decree. 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific 
Criteria.  
 
Specific Criteria  means the criteria for the selection of 
the Receivables to be included in the portfolios to which 
such criteria are applied, set forth in Schedule 1 to the 
Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial Receivables and 
in the relevant Offer for Subsequent Receivables. 
 
General Criteria  means the Mortgage Loans General 
Criteria and/or the Public Assets General Criteria and/or 
the ABS General Criteria. 
 
Criteria  means jointly the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria.  
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests  
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the provisions of the MEF Decree, for so 
long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Seller 
and the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and for 
the whole life of the Programme that: 
 
(i) 
the sum of a) the outstanding aggregate notional 
amount of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
b) the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of 
the Accounts (in relation to the principal 
component only) shall be at least equal to, or 
higher than, the aggregate notional amount of all 
outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
(the Nominal Value Test) provided that, prior to

--- Page 46 ---
46 
    
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value 
Test will always be deemed to be met to the extent 
that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined below) is 
met as of the relevant Calculation Date, and 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, such test will be deemed to be met to the 
extent that the Amortisation Test is met; 
 
(ii) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of the 
transaction costs borne in relation to the 
Programme, the expected costs and any payments 
to be made or received by the Guarantor under or 
in respect of the Swap Agreements), also taking 
into consideration any principal payment actually 
received by the Guarantor in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans and not yet applied under the 
relevant Priority of Payments,  shall be at least 
equal to, or higher than, the net present value of 
the outstanding Covered Bonds (the NPV Test); 
 
(iii) 
the amount of interests and other revenues 
generated by the assets included in the Cover Pool, 
net of the costs borne by the Guarantor, shall be at 
least equal to, or higher than, the interests and 
costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, 
taking also into account the payments to be made 
or received under any hedging arrangements 
entered into in relation to the transaction (the 
Interest Coverage Test), 
 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the Mandatory 
Tests  and, together with the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test described below, collectively, the 
Tests). 
 
The Asset Coverage Test  
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
 
(i) 
the date on which all Series or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in 
full in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor as a consequence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, 
 
the Seller and the Issuer undertake to procure that on any 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date which the Tests 
are to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as

--- Page 47 ---
47 
    
the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is 
at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the Asset Coverage 
Test, and together with the Mandatory Tests, collectively, 
the Tests). 
 
The Amortisation Test  
 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the 
Seller and the Issuer will ensure that on each Calculation 
Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, and the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice following the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default), the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to, or higher than, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds.(the 
Amortisation Test). 
 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the 
Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date (with 
reference to the last day of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period) and on any other date on which the 
verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents. The calculations performed by 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests will be tested 
from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with 
the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement and the 
Engagement Letter, as the case may be.  
Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or 
Asset Coverage Test: 
 
(a) 
the Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the 
Available Funds to cure the relevant Test; or 
 
(b) 
the Seller shall sell, as soon as possible upon 
receipt of the relevant Test Performance Report, 
sufficient Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets to the Guarantor, which shall purchase such 
assets, in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement, and, to this extent, the Seller shall 
grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement, provided that none of the events 
indicated in Clause 8.1 (Cause di estinzione 
dell’Obbligo 
di 
Acquisto 
dal 
Cedente), 
paragraph (d) (Inadempimento di obblighi da 
parte del Cedente), paragraph (e) (Violazione 
delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del 
Cedente), 
paragraph 
(f) 
(Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and paragraph 
(g) (Crisi) of the Master Transfer Agreement (the 
Relevant Events) has occurred

--- Page 48 ---
48 
    
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Tests 
are met as soon as practicable and in any event by the 
immediately following Calculation Date.  
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied within the 
immediately 
following 
Calculation 
Date, 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver a 
notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (a Breach of Test 
Notice).  
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, if a 
Breach of Test Notice has been served and not revoked:  
 
(a) 
no further series or tranche of Covered Bonds will 
be issued;  
 
(b) 
payments under the Subordinated Loan will be 
effected on the basis of the relevant Priority of 
Payments; and  
 
(c) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets or 
Integration Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor 
shall be paid only using the proceeds of an 
Integration Advance, except where the breach 
referred to in the Breach of Test Notice may be 
cured by using the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds. 
 
If the Breach of Test Notice is not revoked by the 
immediately following Calculation Date, then an Issuer 
Event of Default will occur and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall deliver a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
 
A breach of the Amortisation Test constitutes a Guarantor 
Event of Default unless an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise. In case on conflict between the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Extraordinary Resolution passed in a Meeting, the latter 
will prevail. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into 
with the Issuer (the Engagement Letter). The Asset 
Monitor will also perform the other activities provided 
under the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date. 
Sale of Receivables following 
the service of a Breach of 
Test Notice or the 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice, but prior to 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Guarantor may sell Receivables in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement

--- Page 49 ---
49 
    
occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default 
and the Master Transfer Agreement, subject to the rights 
of pre-emption in favour of the Seller to buy such 
Receivables pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the 
Transaction Account and applied as set out in the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default), the Guarantor 
shall direct the Servicer to sell Receivables in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of the Seller 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds 
from any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of 
Payments.   
6. 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into on 22 
June 2012 between the Seller and the Guarantor (the 
“Master Transfer Agreement”), the Seller assigned and 
transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor 
the Initial Receivables, in accordance with Law 130. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller and 
the Guarantor agreed that the Seller may assign and 
transfer Subsequent Receivables to the Guarantor from 
time to time in the cases and subject to the limits set out in 
the Master Transfer Agreement.  
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into 22 June, 2012 between the Seller and the Guarantor 
(the “Warranty and the Indemnity Agreement”), the 
Seller has given certain representations and warranties in 
favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself and 
the Receivables and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor 
in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be 
incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and 
ownership of the Receivables.  
Subordinated Loan 
Agreement 
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into on 
22 June, 2012, as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented, between the Seller and the Guarantor (the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement”) the Seller granted to 
the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated 
Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the relevant 
individual commitment limit as specified in the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each, the “Individual 
Commitment Limit”). Under the provisions of such 
agreement, the Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor 
in amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables 
transferred from time to time to the Guarantor, including 
the Integration Assets transferred in order to prevent a 
breach of the Tests. Each advance granted pursuant to the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
    
Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (i) a 
term loan advanced to fund the purchase price of 
Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance 
Assignment (the Issuance Advance); and (ii) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets in the framework of an 
Integration Assignment (the Integration Advance). 
 
The Issuance Advance shall be remunerated by way of:  
 
(a) 
the Base Interest (Interessi Base); and  
 
(b) 
the Premium Interest (Interessi Aggiuntivi).  
 
The Integration Advance shall be remunerated only by 
way of the Base Interest. 
 
Base Interest  means the interest rate equal to 0.00002 per 
cent. 
 
Premium Interest  means:  
 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, an amount equal to the higher between 0 
(zero) and the algebraic sum of: 
 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or 
matured in respect of the Cover Pool and 
the 
Swap 
Agreements 
during 
the 
Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report 
Date; 
 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due under items 
from (i) to (x) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payment; 
 
Or 
 
(b) 
following to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, an amount equal to the higher between 0 
(zero) and the algebraic sum of:  
 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or 
matured in respect of the Cover Pool and 
the 
Swap 
Agreements 
during 
the 
Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report 
Date; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due in respect 
of interests under items from (i) to (v) of 
the Post Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
    
 
Or 
 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default an amount equal to the higher between 0 
(zero) and the algebraic sum of: 
 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or 
matured in respect of the Cover Pool and 
the 
Swap 
Agreements 
during 
the 
Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report 
Date; 
 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due in respect 
of interests under items from (i) to (iv) of 
the Post Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. 
 
The Premium Interest will be calculated, pro rata and pari 
passu, across all advances outstanding under the 
Subordinated Loan. 
Servicing Agreement and 
Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement entered into 
on 22 June 2012 between the Servicer and the Guarantor 
(the “Servicing Agreement”), the Guarantor has 
appointed DB S.p.A. as Servicer (the “Servicer”) and 
Banca Finint as Back-up Servicer Facilitator. The Servicer 
has agreed to administer and service the Receivables 
assigned by it, on behalf of the Guarantor. Under the 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform 
certain servicing duties in connection with the Receivables 
assigned by it, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to 
be responsible for the management of the Receivables 
assigned by it and for cash and payment services in 
accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. In 
addition, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for 
verifying the compliance of the transactions with the laws 
and the Base Prospectus pursuant to article 2, paragraph 
3(c), and 6-bis of Law 130 and to provide certain 
monitoring activities in relation to the Receivables 
transferred from time to time to the Guarantor.   
 
The Back-up Servicer Facilitator has agreed to, inter alia, 
support the Issuer in the process of appointment of the 
Back-up Servicer. 
 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit 
monthly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer 
Provider and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in 
the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to all 
the amounts collected from time to time on behalf of the 
Guarantor in respect of the Receivables, as principal, 
interest and/or expenses and any payment of damages (the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
    
Collections), as a result of the activity of the Servicer 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement during the preceding 
Collection Period.  
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Guarantor issued a first demand and irrevocable 
guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds pursuant to an agreement entered 
into on or about the Initial Issue Date (the “Covered Bond 
Guarantee”) and in accordance with the provisions of 
Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 
or about the Initial Issue Date (the “Corporate Services 
Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to 
provide the Guarantor with a number of administrative 
services, including the keeping of the corporate books and 
of the accounting and tax registers. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement dated on 
about the Issue Date, as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented, entered into among, inter alios, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal 
representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the 
Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Back-up Servicer (if 
any), the Corporate Servicer, the Account Bank, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the 
Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor and the Calculation 
Agent (collectively the “Secured Creditors”), as 
subsequently amended, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”), 
the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the 
Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the 
Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered 
Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments 
provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
According 
to 
the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement, 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject 
to a Guarantor Event of Default having occurred, ensure 
that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Guarantor’s payment obligations 
towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the other 
Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement.  
 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the 
Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the 
Guarantor. The Secured Creditors will have a claim against 
the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in

--- Page 53 ---
53 
    
each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.  
Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement 
 
In accordance with a cash management and agency 
agreement dated on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
subsequently amended and/or supplemented, entered into 
among, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement”), the 
Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicer, the Corporate Servicer and the Calculation Agent 
will provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, 
notification and reporting services together with account 
handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
In accordance with an asset monitor agreement dated on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, entered into among the Asset 
Monitor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of Covered Bondholders, (the Asset 
Monitor Agreement), the Asset Monitor will conduct 
independent tests in respect of the calculations performed 
by the Calculation Agent for the Tests with a view to 
verifying the compliance by the Guarantor with such tests. 
Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement 
By a Cover Pool administration agreement dated on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently amended 
and/or supplemented, entered into among, inter alia, the 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, and the 
Asset Monitor (the “Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement”), the Seller and the Issuer have undertaken 
certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool 
in order to cure a breach of the Tests.  
Quotaholders Agreement 
The quotaholders’ agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date, among the Guarantor, DB S.p.A. and 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. (the 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement”), contains provisions and 
undertakings in relation to the management of the 
Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. will grant in favour of DB S.p.A. (i) a call option to 
purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. the quota of the Guarantor’s quota capital held by 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. (ii) and a 
put option to sell to SVM Securitisation Vehicles

--- Page 54 ---
54 
    
Management S.r.l. the quota of the Guarantor’s quota 
capital held by DB S.p.A. 
Deed of Pledge 
By a deed of pledge executed by the Guarantor on or about 
the Initial Issue Date (the “Deed of Pledge”), the 
Guarantor will pledge in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors all the monetary 
claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to 
time (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, 
penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor 
is entitled pursuant to, or in relation to, the Transaction 
Documents (other than the Deed of Pledge and the Deed 
of Charge), but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the 
Receivables.  
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge executed by the Guarantor on or about 
the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently amended and/or 
supplemented (the “Deed of Charge”), the Guarantor will 
assign by way of security to (or to the extent not assignable 
charge by way of fixed charge) in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its 
capacity as security trustee for itself and as trustee for the 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, in such 
capacities, the “Security Trustee”), all of its rights in 
respect of the Swap Agreements and its monetary rights 
and claims relating to the amounts standing to the credit of 
the Accounts. 
Programme Agreement 
By a programme agreement entered into among the Issuer, 
the Seller, the Representative of Covered Bondholders and 
the Dealer, dated on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
subsequently 
amended 
and/or 
supplemented 
(the 
“Programme Agreement”), the Dealer has been 
appointed as such. The Programme Agreement contains, 
inter alia, provisions for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealer and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. 
Subscription Agreement 
By a subscription agreement to be entered into on or about 
the relevant Issue Date among the Issuer and the Dealer 
who are parties to such subscription agreement (the 
“Relevant Dealer”), the Relevant Dealer will agree to 
subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds and 
pay the Issue Price subject to the conditions set out therein 
(the “Subscription Agreement”). 
Mortgage Pool Swap 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks related to the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool, the Guarantor will 
enter into a Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty subject to a 1992 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
(ISDA) Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross 
Border), including Schedule and Credit Support Annex.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
    
Covered Bond Swap 
In order to hedge certain interest rate risks or currency 
risks, if any, in respect of amounts to be paid on the 
Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will enter into one or more 
Covered Bond Swaps with the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty on each Issue Date subject to a 1992 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
(ISDA) Master Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross 
Border), including Schedule and Credit Support Annex. 
Asset Swap  
In order to hedge the interest rate risks and, if any, currency 
risks related to the Public Assets and the ABS in the Cover 
Pool, the Guarantor may, from time to time, enter into one 
or more Asset Swaps with the relevant Asset Swap 
Counterparty (the “Asset Swap”, and together with the 
Mortgage Pool Swap, the “Cover Pool Swap”). 
Mandate Agreement 
By a mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date, the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable 
mandate to the Representative of Covered Bondholders for 
the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain 
circumstances 
indicated 
herein 
(the 
“Mandate 
Agreement”). 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions 
of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In 
particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding 
Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as its representative and accepts to 
be bound by the terms of each of the Transaction 
Documents signed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a 
signatory thereto.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
    
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered 
Bonds and includes disclosure of all material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective 
purchasers of Covered Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained in this 
document, including the considerations set out below, before making any investment decision. 
All these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. In addition, factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme are also described below. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the 
factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Covered Bond 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Covered Bonds may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based 
on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
I. 
RISKS REGARDING THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer; 
Risks related to the Issuer’s activities and business sector; 
Risks related to the impact of global-macro economic factors; 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the 
regulation on the solution of banking crises; and 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the 
applied accounting principles. 
1. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s stand-alone level results as for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounts to a net 
profit of EUR 258.5 mln and shareholders’ equity is equal to EUR 2.331 mln.  We cannot 
exclude that DB S.p.A. future financial performance, operating results and capital and financial 
position is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not restricted to: 
- 
global-macro economic factors, such as the impact of government and international 
regulatory bodies’ responses to COVID-19 on global growth and individual countries, 
including the Russia – Ukraine conflict, the U.S.-driven trend towards protectionism, 
the developments associated with Brexit, the sustainability of the sovereign debt of 
certain countries, including Italy, and other factors (see section “Risks related to the 
impact of global-macro economic factors”, page 64); 
- 
under IAS12 the Issuer substantiates its deferred tax assets (“DTA”) on temporary 
differences which regularly  depend on sufficient levels of financial profitability and 
taxable income projections. Where actual taxable income levels fall significantly below

--- Page 57 ---
57 
    
planned levels, the Issuer could be forced to consider valuation adjustments on such 
DTA balances, with a negative impact on its net income; 
- 
the Issuer reports certain minority interests in equity instruments (i.e., Nexi, Visa) 
under IFRS9 as financial instruments carried at fair value through profit and loss. Under 
the current macroeconomic environment and pressure on equity markets, the fair value 
of such investments can be subject to significant valuation impacts due to (a) share 
price declines, where these assets are listed, or (b) negative impact on the utilized 
valuation models, where the valuation depends on such models. The reduction of the 
fair value of such investments could result in significant losses and negatively impact 
DB S.p.A.’s net income; 
 
- 
In the year 2022, the agreement that Deutsche Bank S.p.A. and Zurich Insurance 
Company Ltd reached in August 2021 was finalised, on the basis of which Zurich Italia 
acquired the network of financial advisors of Deutsche Bank in Italy on 17 October 
2022.  It should be noted that this agreement was not considered at the end of 2021 as 
a group of assets held for sale as the transaction was subject to substantial pending 
regulatory approvals. 
2. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s activities and business sector 
Credit risk 
The Issuer’s creditworthiness, business, economic and financial solidity, as well as its profits, 
are exposed to the traditional risks related to credit activity and depends, amongst other things, 
on customers and counterparties complying with their payment obligations (including the 
counterparties to financial transactions involving over the counter derivatives) properly 
reflected in the risk profile of underlying credit assets. A number of factors affect a bank’s 
credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire loan book. These include 
the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes in the rating of 
individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties, poor 
management on the part of firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external 
factors, also of a legal and regulatory nature. The Issuer may also be subject to the concentration 
risk arising from significant exposure to counterparties or groups of counterparties connected 
to one another or within the same sector, which engage in the same business, or which belong 
to the same geographic area. 
Risk management methodologies, assessments and processes used by the Issuer to identify, 
measure, evaluate, monitor, prevent and mitigate any risks to which the Issuer is or might be 
exposed, are intended to safeguard risk profile of the issuer, thus ensuring adequate capital 
resources and an adequate liquidity profile of the Group. These include:  
(i) 
the containment of the non-performing loan stock according to NPL strategy in place; 
(ii) 
optimization of recovery strategy in respect of non-performing exposures; and  
(iii) 
the adoption and maintenance of a target model for the management and recovery of 
bad loans, in line with existing credit and risk strategy and along with target risk 
appetite.  
 
In the first quarter of 2022, the Group introduced an overlay for the overall uncertainties related 
to the economic outlook due to the war in Ukraine. During the second quarter of 2022, Macro-
Economic Variables deteriorated as they reflected the impact of the war in Ukraine, which in

--- Page 58 ---
58 
    
turn led to an increase in the level of allowances for impairment. Since the uncertainties existing 
at the end of the first quarter were adequately considered in the model through the forecasts of 
the available Macro-Economic Variables, the overlay was released.  
Towards the end of June 2022, the macroeconomic outlook weakened further. The main reason 
for this was growing concerns about gas supplies from Russia to Europe (Germany in 
particular), as well as the market's expectation of significantly more aggressive monetary 
tightening in the US and other markets to combat persistent inflation. Both developments 
accelerated at the end of June and, due to the timing, could not have been adequately reflected 
in the consensus forecast used for the second quarter of 2022. Therefore, management recorded 
an overlay to increase the bad debt provision. Since the uncertainties existing at the end of the 
second quarter are now reflected in the forecasts of the Macro-Economic Variables included in 
the ECL model, the overlay was subsequently released.  
During the third quarter of 2022, the Group closely monitored geopolitical and economic 
developments. In particular, it monitored the suspension of Russian gas to Germany via the 
Nord Stream 1 pipeline in early September and then the attacks on the Nord Stream 1 and Nord 
Stream 2 pipelines in late September. Since the uncertainties relating to Russian gas supplies 
were incorporated in the consensus forecasts included in the ECL model as of 30 September 
2022, no overlays were recorded in the third quarter. 
As of 31 December 2022, no overlays were deemed necessary due to uncertainties relating to 
the war in Ukraine, geopolitical events, increases in interest rates or inflation since these 
uncertainties are already reflected in the Macro-Economic Variables of the model. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults 
or repayment irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the 
reduction of the economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said 
guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing customers’ 
creditworthiness could have a material negative effect on the business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its payment obligations due to its 
inability to secure funding or only being able to secure it at above-market costs (funding 
liquidity risk) or to the possibility of incurring capital losses on the sale of assets (market 
liquidity risk). The Issuer’s business is subject to liquidity risks which are inherent in its 
banking operations, and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its financial obligations as they 
fall due or to fulfil commitments to lend. In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its 
funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business generally, it relies on customer savings 
and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets. The 
ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic 
terms depends on a variety of factors, including a number of factors outside of its control, such 
as liquidity constraints and general market conditions. 
Governmental and central banks’ actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient 
or discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators 
in the industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by 
investors, intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had 
to be further increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for 
the financial system and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in 
different forms. In order to technically permit such government support, financial institutions

--- Page 59 ---
59 
    
were required to pledge securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions 
as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of 
such measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in 
procuring liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such 
liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In the past years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant 
instances of default, and there can be no certainty that further such instances will not occur. 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships 
between institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely 
affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could 
adversely affect the Issuer. This type of risk is kept under control, monitored and mitigated via 
adequate diversification strategy by the Issuer, in line with risk appetite level, with particular 
attention (but not limited to) credit risk implications (credit concentration risk). 
The Issuer’s business is focused on the Italian domestic market and therefore adverse 
economic conditions in Italy or a delayed recovery in the Italian market may have 
particularly negative effects on the Issuer’s financial conditions and results of operations 
Italy is the Issuer’s primary market. Its business is therefore particularly sensitive to adverse 
macroeconomic conditions in Italy. 
The favourable economic conditions in Italy, in particular the faster growth in Italy compared 
to other OECD nations, could have a material positive effect on the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating, or the perception that 
such a downgrade may occur, may destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect 
on DB S.p.A.’s operating results, financial condition and prospects as well as on the 
marketability of the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general 
economic conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the 
overall risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can 
be no assurance that such monitoring and risk management will be sufficient to keep the Issuer’s 
exposure to credit risk at acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
significant individual customers or counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other 
receivables, as well as wrong assessments of creditworthiness or country risks may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
    
Changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and other market factors 
affect the Issuer’s business 
The most significant market risks which the Issuer faces are interest rate, foreign exchange and 
bond and equity price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect 
the interest rate margin realised between lending and borrowing costs. Changes in currency 
rates, affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect 
income from foreign exchange dealing. The performance of financial markets may cause 
changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment and trading portfolios. In addition, protracted or 
steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments in and 
sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
The Issuer has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other 
market risks to which the Issuer is exposed. However, it is difficult to predict with accuracy 
changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could 
have on the Issuer’s financial performance and business operations.  
Risk related to fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates 
The interest rate risk is the risk originating from the differences in the maturities and in the 
times for redefining the interest rate of the assets and liabilities included in the banking book. 
In the presence of these differences, the fluctuations in interest rates determine both a short-
term change in the expected profit, through the effects on the NII, and long-term effects on the 
economic value of the shareholders’ equity, through the change in the market value of assets 
and liabilities. 
The measurement of the interest rate risk on the banking book is mainly based on the valuation 
of the economic value and earnings-based measures. The Issuer adopts a risk management 
policy related to interest rate fluctuations aimed at limiting the risks of negative effects on the 
capital/income profile of potential adverse changes in interest rates. 
Only a minor part of the Issuer’s business is carried out in currencies other than the Euro. As 
the FX risk is entirely hedged a negative change in exchange rates could have only 
negligible/minor effects on the financial situation of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s risk management and its exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Issuer has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and non-financial risks and intends to continue to 
do so in the future along with risk governance blueprint in place. Nonetheless, the Issuer’s risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure 
in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer 
fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer’s risk 
management policies and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as stability profile 
of revenues and profits and ability to maintain over time adequate capital levels may be 
endangered in the longer term. This risk, unavoidable by nature, considering the exposure to 
systemic risks as well as idiosyncratic events is assessed as adequately mitigated by the 
adoption of market best practices in risk management approaches, policies, measurement and 
as well as by governance model in place, so to be assessed at low materiality level.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
    
The Issuer’s future earnings are adversely affected by the deteriorating asset valuations 
resulting from poor market conditions 
 
A s a result of the Russia/Ukraine geopolitical crisis, uncertainties about the economic outlook 
have gradually increased, mainly due to the energy crisis that has arisen in the context of the 
ongoing war, and the effects of rising inflation, rising business costs and rising interest rates. 
Given the aforementioned scenario, the Bank has implemented a number of initiatives aimed at 
mitigating the negative impacts of the crisis. 
This has happened following the changes to the criteria for under writing new loans to reflect 
the reduction in the expected financial availability due to inflation/increase in energy prices 
during the year starting from the end of April 2022, in order to adjust the sustainability forecasts 
of the debt incurred due to the changed inflationary environment. 
A substantial portion of the Issuer’s loans to corporate and individual borrowers are secured by 
collateral such as real estate, securities, ships, term deposits and receivables. In particular, as 
mortgage loans are one of the Issuer’s principal assets, it is highly exposed to developments in 
real estate markets. 
A further decline in the economic outlook of Italy, or a general deterioration of economic 
conditions in any industry in which its borrowers operate may result in decreases in the value 
of collateral securing the loans to levels below the outstanding principal balance on such loans. 
A decline in the value of collateral securing these loans or the inability to obtain additional 
collateral may impact credit risk profile of the banking book, as well as increasing allowances 
for loan losses. In addition, a failure to recover the expected value of collateral in the case of 
foreclosure may expose the Issuer to losses which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, an increase in financial 
market volatility or adverse changes in the liquidity of its assets could turn as well in a reduced 
value of funded credit protection, additionally impacting expected/realized loss profile. 
Furthermore, changes to the utilization of the Issuer’s assets under changing environment or 
strategic views could result in accelerated amortization and depreciation patterns that could 
affect the Issuer’s financial performance across all asset categories. Any of these factors could 
require the Issuer to recognise write-downs or realise impairment charges, any of which may 
adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s insurance businesses are subject to inherent risks involving claims 
Future claims in the Issuer’s general and life assurance businesses may be higher than expected 
as a result of changing trends in claims experience resulting from catastrophic weather 
conditions, demographic developments, changes in mortality rates and other causes outside the 
Issuer’s control. Such changes would affect the profitability of current and future insurance 
products and services. The Issuer reinsures some of the risks that it has assumed. 
Operational risks are inherent in the Issuer’s businesses 
The Issuer’s businesses are dependent on the ability to process a very large number of 
transactions efficiently and accurately. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors 
by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal 
authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and Conduct of Business rules, 
equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of external systems, for example, those of 
the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties as well as risks stemming from the funding of services 
and goods where failure of third-party service providers to customers may result in claims 
against the Issuer with adverse negative financial impacts. Although the Issuer has implemented 
risk controls and loss mitigation actions, and substantial resources are devoted to developing

--- Page 62 ---
62 
    
efficient procedures and to staff training, it is only possible to be reasonably, but not absolutely, 
certain that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced 
by the Issuer. Investors should be aware that the Issuer’s risk management techniques and 
strategies may not be effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market 
environments or against all types of risks (especially those due to potential exogenous factors 
such as external fraud), including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. 
the Issuer's business activities include distribution agreements under which the Issuer acts as 
distributor. Under such agreements the Issuer commits to minimum thresholds for distribution 
of various products. Where the achievability of such levels may be impacted by the global 
macro-economic situation, the income levels from such distribution agreements may result in 
lower than planned levels.  
The Issuer results may be impacted by changes in intra-group services and transfer pricing 
charges with various DB Group entities 
Being a member of DB AG Group, DB S.p.A. receives various intra-group services and is 
subject to service relationship and transfer pricing charges with various DB Group entities. 
Increases to such costs beyond current and planned levels can impact the financial performance 
of DB S.p.A. accordingly.  In addition, DB S.p.A. receives third party services under contracts 
with vendors which maybe subject to inflation indexation terms and under the current 
macroeconomic situation could result in significant increases. Furthermore, DB S.p.A, could 
be impacted by increasing energy consumption costs under the current macroeconomic 
environment 
Future growth in the Issuer’s earnings and shareholder value depends on strategic decisions 
regarding organic growth and potential acquisitions 
The Issuer devotes substantial management and planning resources to the development of 
strategic plans for organic growth and identification of possible acquisitions, supported by 
substantial expenditure to generate growth in customer business. If these strategic plans cannot 
be met in the envisaged manner including timing of the implementation of strategic measures 
and initiatives, this can adversely impact the Issuer’s profitability, including lower than planned 
revenues, higher costs or CLPs and potential write-downs of assets (including tax assets) which 
all can impact the net profit of the issuer. As a consequence, planned profitability levels may 
not be reached and could fall short of planned levels or result in a slower growth pattern or even 
decline.  
The Issuer is subject to capital requirements that could limit its operations 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy guidelines adopted by the Bank of Italy for a bank or 
a bank holding company and in particular to the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
which provide for a minimum ratio of total capital to risk adjusted assets both on a consolidated 
basis and on a solo-consolidated basis expressed as a percentage. At least half of the total capital 
must be maintained in the form of Tier 1 capital. The Issuer’s failure to maintain its ratios may 
result in administrative actions or sanctions against it which may impact the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, capital supply can form a 
constraint and restrict business growth where due to changing financial performance and/or due 
to restrictions in Risk Weighted Asset volumes the ability of the issuer to generate revenues 
may be restricted. Finally, the issuer maybe required to meet capital demand across its 
regulatory capital classes through the issuance of further capital instruments which can impact 
also the issuers profitability.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
    
The Issuer’s businesses are conducted in a marketplace that is consolidating and significant 
cross-border mergers and acquisitions may happen in the coming years 
In addition to its important strategy of organic growth, one of the Issuer’s aims is to remain 
alert for opportunities to participate in the further consolidation of the financial services 
industry, both in Italy and overseas. The Issuer cannot be sure that it will ultimately be able to 
make any such mergers or acquisitions. 
The Issuer’s businesses are conducted in highly competitive environments 
In recent years the Italian banking sector has been characterised by ever increasing competition 
from a large number of companies who may offer the same financial products and services and 
other forms of alternative and/or novel forms of borrowing or investment. This, together with 
the level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and 
lending rates and subsequent difficulties in maintaining a positive growth trend in interest rate 
margin. In particular, such competition has been reflected in progressive interest margin 
shrinking and additional pressure on commissions/fees on third-party related agreements that, 
whether confirmed at a material level in the future, may adversely affect the Issuer’s financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could cause 
additional pressure on competitive landscape through, for example, increased price pressure 
and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
Legal proceedings involving the Issuer 
Although the Issuer maintains that it has set aside sufficient reserves to cover the potentially 
negative outcome of any legal proceedings underway, and therefore, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, although the Issuer maintains that there are no pending legal proceedings or 
potential liabilities that would impair the fulfilment of obligations towards investors arising 
from the issuance of the Covered Bonds, one cannot rule out repercussions to the Issuer’s 
capital, economic, or financial situation, or to its profitability, in the event of a negative outcome 
to such legal proceedings.  
With respect to the tax audit work conducted by the Italian Tax Authorities for years 2008, 
2014 and 2015 litigations are pending before the tax Court of Milan having as object 
international intragroup arrangements and transactions. The assessment of Italian Tax 
Authorities is deemed unfounded by the Issuer and, as consequence, a negative outcome of the 
dispute is considered unlikely. Nonetheless, a negative outcome of such tax proceedings cannot 
be ruled out including potential penalty and interest charges and could in such event negatively 
impact the Issuer’s profitability. 
 
The Issuer’s IT systems 
 
In the Chief Information Officer Department, responsible for the development of application 
systems and IT infrastructure, also during 2022 continued the technological renewal program. 
In particular, the consolidation of the service model introduced with the use of the platform 
Cedacri continued during 2022. 
Further progress on the Disaster Recovery Plan in line with regulatory requirements planned 
by the ECB. The cloud migration of application components within the company was started 
after appropriate communication to the regulatory bodies and the signature of the relevant

--- Page 64 ---
64 
    
service contract with the parent company. The portfolio of other IT projects for 2022 and 
beyond has been defined with the aim of ensuring continuous adaptation of current systems to 
any regulatory changes, to the needs of updating platform technology and the needs of the 
business divisions. 
 
The Issuer’s provisions for credit losses are inherently uncertain and depend on many 
factors. 
The Issuer’s provisions for credit losses provide for losses inherent in loans and advances and 
other credit exposures. Estimating losses is inherently uncertain and depends on many factors, 
including general economic conditions, rating migration, structural and technological changes 
within industries and changes in customer preferences that alter competitive positions, 
mismanagement by customers and other external factors such as legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
3. 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors  
Global market conditions 
The Issuer’s performance is affected by the general economic conditions, the performance of 
financial markets and of market participants and the macroeconomic and political environment 
of the countries in which it operates. Expectations regarding the performance of the global 
economy and the current risks relating to the Chinese property sector remain highly uncertain 
in both the short term and medium term. Material adverse effects on the business and 
profitability of the Issuer may also result from further developments of the monetary policies 
and additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as political instability, 
terrorism, wars and any other similar event occurring in the countries where it operates and, as 
recently experienced, a pandemic emergency). In addition, the Issuer and its Group’s 
performance is affected by factors such as investor confidence, financial market liquidity, the 
availability and cost of borrowing on the capital markets, inflationary pressure, supply chain 
disruptions, geopolitical risks as well as potential deterioration of international trade relations, 
and weakness of global, regional and national economic conditions, all of which are by their 
very nature, connected to the general macroeconomic situation. Furthermore, the economic and 
political uncertainty of recent years has also introduced a considerable volatility and uncertainty 
in the financial markets. 
The high levels of uncertainty characterising the current macroeconomic situation are mainly 
due to: (i) the Russia – Ukraine conflict; (ii) the U.S.-driven trend towards protectionism; (iii) 
the uncertain outcome of the commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have 
an effect on international trade and therefore global production; (iv) future developments in the 
European Central Bank (the “ECB”) and U.S. Federal Reserve (“FED”) monetary policies and 
the policies implemented by various countries, including those aimed at promoting competitive 
devaluations of their currencies; (v) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, 
including Italy, and the related, repeated shocks to the financial markets; and (vi) the potential 
negative impacts on the economy arising from climate change and global warming at both 
world and national level.  
If the Issuer does not adapt in a timely and appropriate manner to changes resulting from the 
uncertain macroeconomic environment and industry conditions, or to difficulties in the 
financial markets, or if it is unable to continue to access the capital markets, the Issuer’s ability 
to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to meet the financial 
requirements may be adversely impacted and costs of financing may significantly increase. This

--- Page 65 ---
65 
    
could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition 
of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds and 
the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under or in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
Risks associated with the Covid-19 pandemic 
 
With reference to credit risk, Deutsche Bank S.p.A. managed, in continuity with the previous 
year, the initiatives aimed at supporting the real economy put in place by the Italian 
Government, which ended during the year following the end of the State of 
Emergency.Infact,both additional initiatives that specifically meet the requirements of 
governmental or assimilated non-governmental moratoria ("ABI","Assofin")as they are widely 
applied by credit institutions on the basis of national laws, as well as other moratorium 
initiatives not specifically referred to the aforementioned EBA guidelines and granted, 
therefore, as additional support instruments, have been maintained until physiological maturity. 
All the concessions were aimed at responding as quickly as possible to the problems deriving 
from the temporary slow down in the economic cycle and the related possible liquidity impacts, 
until the pre-crisis conditions were completely restored in the final phase of the year in question. 
Overall, most of the loans affected by the moratoria mainly concerned companies; consumer 
loans and mortgages were less affected. When the moratoria were granted, the book value of 
the loan was adjusted by rescheduling the new expected cash flows and discounting them to the 
original effective interest rate. In 2022, with the exit from the health emergency phase and the 
easing of health restrictions, the uncertainties specifically attribute able to Covid subsided and 
no particular increase in credit risk was observe don exposures that had been subject to 
moratoria. The latter have now all returned to a repayment phase, and continue to record 
settlements and decreases in exposures. 
 
Risks associated with the Russia – Ukraine conflict 
 
The war in Ukraine has led countries to impose sanctions against Russia and Russian 
institutions, including but not limited to major Russian banks, the Russian Central Bank, key 
companies, members of the Russian parliament and members of the Russian elite (oligarchs, 
diplomats) and their families. The sanctions prohibited the primary and/or secondary trading of 
sovereign debt and other selected securities and also imposed the disconnection of some 
Russian banks from SWIFT (Global Interbank Financial Telecommunications Company). The 
United States have imposed sanctions on imports of Russian oil, natural gas, coal and gold 
(including related products) and have also prohibited new investments by US citizens in Russia. 
The EU has also announced a ban on Russian imports of oil, coal and other solid fuels, as well 
as gold, restricting access to EU ports for Russian-registered ships, and further export bans. The 
sanctioning environment remains dependent on the development of the Russian war against 
Ukraine and it is possible that new direct or indirect secondary sanctions may be imposed at 
short notice due to ongoing developments.  
The unprecedented scope of the sanctions announced to date, not all fully aligned across 
jurisdictions, has significantly increased operational complexity, including the risk of making 
mistakes in managing day-to-day business activities within the rapidly changing sanctions 
environment.  
Deutsche Bank continues to use dedicated governance structures, including global and regional 
crisis management, to manage the crisis.  
The impact of the ongoing situation, both financially and non-financially is highly uncertain 
and will depend on how the crisis develops further. The regulatory environment or other 
restrictions, including sanctions imposed, may result in secondary effects in the form of credit

--- Page 66 ---
66 
    
risk arising from financial difficulties imposed on our customers with business activities in 
Russia and Ukraine. 
 
4. 
Risks related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in 
the regulation on the solution of banking crises 
The Issuer conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulatory and associated risks, including 
the effects of changes in laws, regulations and policies in Italy and at a European level. The 
timing and the form of future changes in regulation are unpredictable and beyond the control 
of the Issuer, and changes made could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business. 
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and 
supervision by authorities in Italy and by European Central Bank and in all other jurisdictions 
in which it operates. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and 
guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities 
in banking groups are mainly provided by implementation of measures consistent with the 
regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel 
Committee” or the “BCBS”) and aim at preserving their stability and resilience and limiting 
their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and 
limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing international 
financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation 
and regulations are being introduced in Italy and European Union that will affect the Issuer – 
including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital 
requirements. 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes 
relating to the interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could 
negatively impact the operating results and capital and financial position of the Issuer. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the implementation of the new capital requirements, 
standards and recommendations will not require the Issuer to issue additional securities that 
qualify as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, 
any of which may have adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. Furthermore, increased capital requirements may negatively affect the Issuer’s 
return on equity and other financial performance indicators. 
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy  
The Issuer must comply with the revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, 
which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better risk 
coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of 
stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as 
well as two global liquidity standards. In terms of banking prudential regulations, the Issuer is 
also subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 
(“BRRD”, implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree. 180 and 181 of 16 November

--- Page 67 ---
67 
    
2015, as amended) on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, as well as the relevant 
technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (for example the European 
Banking Authority (“EBA”) and the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)), 
which, inter alia, provide for capital requirements for credit institutions, recovery and 
resolution mechanisms. In particular, the BRRD is intended to enable a wide range of actions 
that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of 
business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). 
Should the Issuer not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements considered 
optimal in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the applicable laws and 
regulations, it may be required to maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its 
credit ratings and funding conditions. The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the 
Issuer could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the “CRD IV Directive”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the 
“CRR”, together with the CRD IV Directive, the “CRD IV Package”), as subsequently 
updated. In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD introduces 
requirements for banks to maintain at all times a minimum requirement of own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the “Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities”, 
“MREL”).  
The Banking Reform Package also contains Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD II”), which 
amended the BRRD, introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the 
calibration of the MREL requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining 
the scope of the MREL itself. The MREL requirement constrains the Group structure of 
liabilities and it requires the use of subordinated instruments, in the sense of eligible liabilities, 
which may impact the costs structure of the Group and potentially the Issuer’s financing ability.  
Prospective covered bondholders should note that the resolution strategy and the MREL 
requirement is currently under discussion with the competent Authority. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 
2014/49/EU (Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the 
(EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation – so called “SRMR”), which may determine a 
significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Issuer, as such rules set the 
obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be provided, starting from 
2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. Moreover, Regulation 2019/876/EU 
of the European Parliament and the Council, which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (so called 
“CRR II”) and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU, which amends 
CRD IV Directive (so called “CRD V”) must be taken into consideration and put in force by 
the Issuer. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) 
No. 1024/2013 granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit 
institutions (the “SSM Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the 
“Single Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation 
has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and 
participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of significant 
importance” in the Eurozone.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
    
In this respect, “banks of significant importance” include any Eurozone bank in relation to 
which that (i) the total value of its assets exceeds has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless 
the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national 
gross domestic product exceeds  greater than 20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is 
one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has 
requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility 
or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant 
relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member 
State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after 
consulting with each national competent authority or upon request by a national competent 
authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-
quality supervisory standards. The Issuer has been included in the ECB list of supervised entity 
(last updated on January 2022) and significant supervised group within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the 
framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European 
Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities 
(the SSM Framework Regulation) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by 
the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation. 
Such changes in the regulatory framework and in how they are implemented may have a 
material effect on the Issuer’s business and operations. As the new framework of banking laws 
and regulations affecting the Issuer is currently being implemented, the manner in which those 
laws and related regulations will be applied to the operations of financial institutions is still 
evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or 
interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
cash flows and results of operations of the Issuer. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds 
should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the 
above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
Risks related to the outcomes of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD 
IV Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (“SREP”). Following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that 
the Issuer must comply with a consolidated level on the basis of the consolidated situation of 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group Latest SREP assessment by competent authority turned into no 
additional Pillar 2 SREP Add-on of CET Capital.  
However, there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer 
from time to time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there 
can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether 
this will impose any further own funds requirements on the Issuer or the Group. 
5. 
Risks related to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment 
of the applied accounting principles 
The Issuer is exposed, as well as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects 
deriving from both the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
    
existing ones, in particular with respect to the international IAS/IFRS accounting principles, as 
approved and adopted within the European legal system.  
In this regard, an important change occurred with the introduction, starting from 1 
January 2018, of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” that, following the entry into force on 19 
December 2016 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2067, replaced IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: 
Recognition and Measurement”. IFRS 9 introduced: 
(i) significant changes to the rules related to the classification and measurement of financial 
assets that are based on the management method (“business model”) and on the 
characteristics of the cash flows of the financial instrument (SPPI criterion—Solely 
Payments of Principal and Interests) which could involve different classification and 
measurement methods for financial instruments compared with IAS 39; 
(ii) new impairment accounting model based on a “forward looking expected losses” 
impairment model rather than an incurred losses approach as in IAS 39 (calculated over a 
12-month time horizon) and on the concept of a lifetime expected loss which could lead 
to a structural anticipation and increase of the value adjustments, particularly those on 
receivables; 
(iii) a “three stage impairment model” for impairment based on changes in credit risk of a 
financial asset since its initial recognition. These three stages then determine the amount 
of impairment to be recognized as expected credit losses:  
(i) in Stage 1 are allocated financial instruments (performing) that have not had a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or that have low credit risk 
at the reporting date. For these instruments 12-month expected credit losses 
(“ECL”) are calculated; 
(ii) Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have had a significant increase in credit 
risk since initial recognition (unless they have low credit risk at the reporting date) 
without objective evidence of impairment. For these financial instruments, lifetime 
ECL are calculated; 
(iii) in Stage 3, financial assets with objective evidence of impairment at the reporting 
date are allocated. Lifetime ECL is also recognized for these instruments; and 
(iv) new rules for the designation of a hedge account and for checking its effectiveness with 
the aim of guaranteeing a better alignment between the accounting representation of the 
hedging and the underlying management logics.  
Moreover, accounting standard IFRS 16 (Leases), published by the IASB on 13 January 2016 
and endorsed by the European Commission on 9 November 2017, superseded accounting 
standard IAS 17 (Leases) on 1 January 2019. 
Specifically, the new standard introduces new accounting rules for leasing contracts for the 
lessees (i.e. the users of the goods under a contract for lease). These rules are based on the 
definition of ‘lease’ as a contract in which the right to control the use of an identified asset is 
granted for a specified period of time, in exchange for payment. 
As a result of this definition, the lessee must recognize the right-of-use of the underlying asset 
as an asset on the balance sheet, and that asset will subsequently be subject to depreciation; the 
lessee must then also recognize the present value of lease payments (to be made over the full 
lifetime of the contract) as a liability.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
    
The European Union published a Commission Regulation endorsing “Covid-19-Related Rent 
Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (Amendment to IFRS 16)” issued by the IASB in March 
2021. 
These amendments extended, by one year, the May 2020 amendment that provides lessees 
with an exemption from assessing whether a COVID-19-related rent concession is a lease 
modification. 
The Commission Regulation amending Regulation (EC) No 1126/2008 adopting certain 
international accounting standards in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union in August 2021. The Regulation enters into force in September 2021 and is directly 
applicable in each of the Member States. The provisions apply starting from April 2021 for 
financial years starting at the latest in January 2021. 
Afterwards, the Commission Regulation (EC) No 2021/2036 of 19 November 2021 amending 
Regulation (EC) No 1226/2008 adopting certain international accounting standards in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council has been published in the Official Journal as of 23 November 2021. This Regulation 
adopted IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts as well as subsequent Amendments to the IFRS under 
consideration. 
In conclusion, it should be noted that the European Commission endorsed the following 
accounting principles and interpretations that are applicable starting from 2018 financial 
statements: 
- 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1987 which adopts amendments to IFRS 15 “Revenue from 
contracts with customers – Clarifications of IFRS 15”; 
- 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1988 which adopts amendments to IFRS 4 “Joint application of 
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments” and IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”; 
- 
Regulation (UE) No. 2018/182 which adopts the “Annual improvements to IFRS Standards 
2014-2016 Cycle”; 
- 
Regulation (UE) No. 2018/289 which adopts the “Amendment to IFRS 2: Classification 
and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions”; 
- 
Regulation (UE) No. 2018/400 which adopts the “Amendment to IAS 40: Transfers of 
Investment Property”; 
- 
Regulation No. 2018/519 which adopts “IFRIC 22: Foreign Currency Transactions and 
Advance Consideration”. 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards, 
regulatory rules and/or the amendment of existing standards and rules, the Issuer may have to 
revise the accounting and regulatory treatment of certain outstanding assets and liabilities (e.g. 
deferred tax assets) and transactions (and the related income and expense). This may have 
potentially negative effects, also significant, on the estimates contained in the financial plans 
for future years and may cause the Issuer to have to restate previously published financials. 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
    
Risks related to the market generally; 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantee; and 
Risks related to the underlying. 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement and all the information contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact 
the Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with 
its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any 
security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The Guarantor has no 
obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until 
the service on the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due

--- Page 72 ---
72 
    
under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of any Series or Tranche would constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to serve an Acceleration Notice and accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute 
a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the 
Arranger, Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the 
Transaction Documents, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or 
incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be 
liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, 
employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds included in this Base Prospectus apply to the 
different types of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms 
and conditions applicable to each Series of Covered Bonds can be reviewed by reading the 
Conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered 
Bonds to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which 
completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner required to reflect the particular 
terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued under the programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in 
which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in 
which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects 
and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Events of Default occur and result in 
acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these 
Covered Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out 
below is a description of the most common of such features: 
(i) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Covered Bonds which include a redemption option by the Issuer are likely to have a lower 
market value than similar covered bonds which do not contain an Issuer redemption option. An 
optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered 
Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they may be redeemed. This 
may also be the case prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
    
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
(ii) 
Redemption for tax reasons  
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the First Issue Date, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
(iii) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a 
discount from their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered 
Bonds are characterised by the circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of 
benefitting from periodical interest payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting in 
the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall reflect 
the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that the 
price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero 
coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely 
to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing covered 
bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered 
Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
(iv) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate.  In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
(v) 
Interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
    
(vi) 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Covered Bondholders of 
fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
(vii) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer remaining term of the securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally. 
Programme Resolutions 
Any Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take 
any enforcement action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds 
of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be decided upon at a meeting of Covered 
Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution will be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Amendment to the Transaction Documents 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders, 
concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making or 
sanctioning any modifications to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents: 
(vi) 
provided that in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders which 
may be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, 
banker, tax advisor, Rating Agency or other expert, as described in the Conditions such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series; or 
(vii) 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders which may be 
based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, 
tax advisor, Rating Agency or other expert, as described in the Conditions are made to 
correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or are made to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
The implementation of certain amendments to the Transaction Documents will pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents be subject to the receipt of written confirmation from the Rating 
Agency then rating the Covered Bonds that the then current ratings of each Series of Covered 
Bonds rated thereby will not be qualified, downgraded or withdrawn as a result of such 
modification (a Rating Agency Confirmation). If the Rating Agency then rating the Covered 
Bonds either: (i) does not respond to a request by the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 75 ---
75 
    
Bondholders to provide a Rating Agency Confirmation within 7 days after such request is made; 
or (ii) provides a waiver or acknowledgement indicating its decision not to review or otherwise 
declining to review the matter for which the Rating Agency Confirmation is sought, the 
requirement for the Rating Agency Confirmation from the Rating Agency with respect to such 
matter will be deemed waived. Therefore, it is possible that the amendment may be made 
without having obtained a Rating Agency Confirmation from the Rating Agency then rating 
the Covered Bonds; provided that the requirement of the Rating Agency Confirmation will be 
deemed to be waived if the relevant amendments have been expressly approved by the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights 
and interests of Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; (b) appoint and remove the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; (c) approve any modification, abrogation, 
variation or compromise in respect of (i) the rights of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such 
rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (ii) the Rules of Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any arrangement 
in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in 
any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and/or any other party thereto. Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at such a meeting will bind 
each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of whether they attended the meeting and whether they 
voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
In addition, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree to the modification of 
the Transaction Documents without consulting Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error 
or where such modification (a) is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or (b) 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is not or will not be materially 
prejudicial to Covered Bondholders and in any case, only in accordance with the provisions set 
forth under the Transactions Documents. 
It shall also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of 
the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee and the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the 
Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual 
Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence 
any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and 
the other Secured Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
    
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or 
discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or 
by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Rating of the Covered Bonds 
There is no obligation of the Issuer to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. 
The ratings that may be assigned by Moody’s to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss 
posed to the Covered Bondholders. Ratings do not constitute recommendations to buy, sell, or 
hold any security, nor do they comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any 
security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of any payments of any 
security. Credit ratings do not directly address any risk other than credit risk. Credit ratings do 
not comment on the adequacy of market price or market liquidity. Credit ratings are opinions 
on relative credit quality and not a predictive measure of specific default probability.  
Ratings may be changed, qualified, placed on rating watch or withdrawn at any time. A 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating can negative affect the market price of the 
bonds issued. 
Any such evaluation may be helpful for the investors in order to assess the credit risk connected 
to financial instruments, because it provides references about the ability of the issuer to fulfil 
its obligations. The lower the rating assigned, in accordance with the relevant scale of values, 
the higher the risk, assessed by the rating agencies, the obligations will not be fulfilled or will 
be fulfilled only in part or not in time. A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the relevant rating organisation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject 
to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agencies at any time. The ratings may not reflect the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
    
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to rating methodology and rating criteria may adversely affect the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time any Rating Agency may revise its relevant 
rating methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with the result that, among other things, 
any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any 
such revised criteria or rating methodology, amendments may need to be made to the 
Programme Documents. However, Covered Bondholders should note that the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant transaction parties will be permitted, but not obliged, to make such 
amendments to the relevant Programme Document to effect such changes without the prior 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of Rule 31 
(Amendments and modifications). 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations of the 
rating agencies with regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of covered bond 
pool counterparties might lead to a downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the 
Covered Bond rating. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal 
investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by 
investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level 
of fees charged by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. 
Such a person or institution may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment 
account, transfers of Covered Bonds, custody services and on payments of interest, principal 
and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the basis on which 
any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Law 130 
The Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of 
covered bonds in 2005. The Law 130 was further amended during the following years, 
including on 30 November 2021 by way of the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 
(the “Decree 190/2021”) implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162, which aims at amending 
article 7-bis of Law 130. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130 as it 
relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory 
authority, except for (a) the MEF Decree setting out the technical requirements of the guarantee 
which may be given in respect of covered bonds and (b) the Bank of Italy instructions

--- Page 78 ---
78 
    
concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, the procedure for purchasing integration assets 
and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation and, with respect exclusively to 
covered bonds issued on or after 31 March 2023, (c) the BoI Regulations (as defined below) 
and (d) the clarifications, provided for by the Bank of Italy, to certain queries concerning the 
OBG Regulations submitted to such authority by Italian Banks and the Italian Banking 
Association (Associazione Bancaria Italiana). Consequently, it is possible that such or different 
authorities may issue further regulations relating to the Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, 
the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the Programme and inter alia the issue of the Covered Bonds and the rating 
which may be assigned to the Covered Bonds upon the relevant issue are based on Italian law, 
tax and administrative practice in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus, and having due 
regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice (and in 
the case of the Deed of Charge and the Swap Agreements the English Law).  
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this 
Base Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no 
obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the 
form of covered bonds (the “Regulation”).  
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and 
introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. 
More in particular, the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen 
the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive 
aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the Directive, Member States had to implement the Directive by 8 July 2021 and 
the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The Regulation shall apply 
from 8 July 2022. On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated 
Law 2019-2020”) has entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – 
inter alia – the Directive. According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020:  
(i) 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds;  
(ii) 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by 
Article 17 of the Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable 
maturity structures; and  
(iii) 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to 
exercise the option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of 
overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of the 
Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool).  
The Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree 
5 November 2021, n. 190 (the “Decree 190/2021”) which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 
and entered into force on 1 December 2021.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
    
The Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing 
provisions of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 
3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”). 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 30 April 
1999, n.130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions (as defined 
below)) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 30 April 1999, n.130, which sets out the 
legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the Bank of 
Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as 
amended from time to time (the “Circolare 285”). 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following 
options provided by the Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of 
the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered 
bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the 
liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of programmes with extendable maturity by 
taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal. 
On 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into 
force on 31 March 2023, and amending the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to the 
definition of (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for 
including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; 
(ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing 
new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as 
counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum 
level of over-collateralization for covered bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to 
exercise such optionality (vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing programme as 
of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(i) until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Instructions (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered 
bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulation, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 
310 (the “Decree 310”), the previous version of the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
containing the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 
December 2013 and the previous version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
(ii) as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of 
Title I-bis of the Law 130, the new Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended, and the Article 129 
of the CRR, as amended by the Regulation. 
It should be noted that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, no series of Covered Bonds have 
been issued under the new legislative framework, which will be applicable only to the future 
series of Covered Bonds (if any). 
No assurance can be given that Italian law, tax or administrative practice or its interpretation 
will not change after the Issue Date of any Series or Tranche or that such change will not 
adversely impact the structure of the Programme and the treatment of the Covered Bonds. This 
Base Prospectus will not be updated to reflect any such changes or events.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
    
Controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see 
“Selected aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction”), aimed, inter alia, at 
mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds 
is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and 
controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no 
assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and 
that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to 
be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such 
as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-
EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, 
including any of the following: (i) an index which is a benchmark could not be used as such if 
its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent 
regulation. In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of 
the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or 
otherwise impacted; and (ii) if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark related to a 
series of Covered Bonds are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level, of the relevant benchmark and could lead to adjustments to the terms of 
the Covered Bonds, including determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering

--- Page 81 ---
81 
    
or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”.  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in 
its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue 
to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has 
done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may 
have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance 
of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bond linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, 
including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or 
an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Covered Bonds may not achieve 
this objective. Any such changes may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued 
to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
    
reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Covered Bonds issued, if any, as “Green Covered Bonds” or “Social Covered Bonds” or 
“Sustainability Covered Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme described as “green covered bonds” (“Green Covered Bonds”), “social covered 
bonds” (“Social Covered Bonds”) and “sustainability covered bonds” (“Sustainability 
Covered Bonds”) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market 
Association (“ICMA”) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”), the Social Bond 
Principles (“SBP”) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at “Reasons 
for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses” in the applicable Final Terms and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in the Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and 
must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, 
no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding 
of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, 
amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) and the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives 
(the “EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts”) approved in principle by the EU 
Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the “EU Taxonomy 
Framework”) standards (including any standard resulting from the EU Green Bond Standard 
(as defined below)) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). On 6 July 2021 the European 
Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act supplementing Article 8 of 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation which was then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 
2021 and is applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies the content, 
methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial 
undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in 
their business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission 
adopted a complementary climate EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act which includes, 
under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic 
activities covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It was published in the Official Journal on 
15 July 2022 and is applicable since January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear 
activities are in line with EU climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the 
shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. On 27 
June 2023, the European Commission adopted a EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act, 
including a new set of EU taxonomy criteria for economic activities making a substantial 
contribution to one or more of the non-climate environmental objectives, namely: sustainable 
use and protection of water and marine resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
    
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published 
its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond 
Standard”). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance 
strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical 
Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed 
the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 
July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green 
Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green 
bond should be made in compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined above); (ii) full 
transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified 
as, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “social” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is nevertheless 
subject to further developments and any further EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act may 
furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review of the relating screening criteria. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social project as the 
case may be, towards which proceeds of the Covered Bond are to be applied will meet the 
investor expectations regarding such "green", or "social" performance objectives (including 
those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social or 
combination of any green and social project. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from 
any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal of the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this 
Base Prospectus. .  
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low 
carbon and/or social and/or combination of any green and social project, as the case may be 
have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social 
and combination of any green and social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG 
and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Covered Bonds as an investment 
in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-
party opinion, including the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework Second Party 
Opinion (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus), a "Second-party 
Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Covered Bonds or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount 
corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy,

--- Page 84 ---
84 
    
sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only 
be current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis 
of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time 
and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. No assurance 
or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, 
Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such Second-party Opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such Second-party Opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, 
the Dealer(s) or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (as the case may be). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the 
Covered Bonds or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for the specified Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any 
assurance that (i) such Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or (ii) with the results or outcome 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project 
or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent 
reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such. Any such event 
or failure by the Issuer (including any failure to comply with their reporting obligations or to

--- Page 85 ---
85 
    
obtain any assessment, opinion or certification, including the Second party Opinion in relation 
to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) and any actual or potential maturity 
mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the 
Covered Bonds may have been applied and the relevant Covered Bonds or if any other risk(s) 
set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with respect to any Covered Bonds 
(i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholders against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event 
of Default under the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such 
Covered Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds and (iv) prevent the 
applicability of the General Bail-In Tool (or any other provision of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements).  
The performance of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked to the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Assets or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any 
environmental or similar targets. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be 
segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments 
of principal and interest and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, 
social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be applied. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds 
or eligible liabilities. The fact that Covered Bonds which qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any 
of the features of such Covered Bonds, including (without limitation, as applicable) features 
relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments or enhance the 
performance of the relevant Covered Bonds in any way, (ii) the availability of the Covered 
Bonds (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social 
or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Covered Bonds may have been 
applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility criteria applicable to the 
qualification of the relevant Covered Bonds as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate) 
or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) 
the risks related to the qualification of such Covered Bonds as as own funds or eligible liabilities 
(as appropriate).  
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) impose a 
new reporting regime and, potentially, a 30% withholding tax with respect to (i) certain 
payments from sources within the United States, (ii) “foreign passthru payments” made to 
certain non-U.S. financial institutions that do not comply with this new reporting regime, and 
(iii) payments to certain investors that do not provide identification information with respect to 
interests issued by a participating non-U.S. financial institution. Whilst the Covered Bonds are 
held within Clearstream or Euroclear (together, the ICSDs), in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is not expected that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received 
by the ICSDs in respect of such Covered Bonds. However, FATCA may affect payments made 
to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor 
if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution 
that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate

--- Page 86 ---
86 
    
investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it 
receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be 
necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose 
the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other 
laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian 
or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer’s obligations under 
the Covered Bonds are discharged once it has made payment to, or to the order of the ICSDs 
and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the 
ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries. Prospective investors should refer to the section 
“Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”. 
Further, foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States (an IGA) are generally not expected to be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from 
payments they make. 
Automatic exchange of information 
 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has 
implemented the EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/EU, 
2015/2376/EU, 2016/881/EU; 2016/2258/EU and 2018/822/EU), on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC”).  
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism 
between Member State, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The 
new regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organization 
for Economic Cooperation and Development in July 2014.  
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) 
implemented the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) 
within the EU. Under CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial 
institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the 
basis of common due diligence, and reporting procedures. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable 
cross-border arrangements. Under DAC 6 intermediaries which meet certain criteria and 
taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities certain cross-border 
arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 
June 2018 onwards. 
On August 26, 2020, the Legislative Decree No. 100, July 30, 2020 (the “DAC 6 Decree”), 
implementing the said Directive, with disclosure obligations for intermediaries and taxpayers, 
was published. Italian Ministry of Finance issued a Ministerial Decree on November 20, 2020, 
clarifying certain criteria set by the Italian law that trigger the reporting obligations. 
Investors should consult their professional tax advisers. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes  
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and 
consult their tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties,

--- Page 87 ---
87 
    
assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for 
the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 10 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions 
including Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged 
to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or 
deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an 
Italian resident Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled 
“Taxation in the Republic of Italy”. 
2. 
Risk related to the market generally 
Market declines and volatility 
The results of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group are affected by general economic, financial and 
other business conditions. During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and 
a greater number of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group’s customers may default on their loans or 
other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and 
other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on 
the credit quality of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group’s debtors and counterparties can affect 
the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
Credit and market risk 
The Issuer is subject to market risk, meaning the risk that the value of the financial instruments 
held in the Issuer’s portfolio might fluctuate as the result of variations in market prices. Market 
risk includes three types of risk:  
- interest rate risk: the risk that the value of the financial instruments held in the Issuer’s 
portfolio might change as the result of variations of interest rates on the market. 
- price risk: the risk connected to the financial instruments held in the Issuer’s portfolio due, for 
example, to variations in the prices of representative capital instruments, debt securities indexed 
to stock-like parameters, collective investment instruments, or derivative instruments on stocks 
or indices based thereon (futures and options).   
- currency exchange risk: represents the risk of suffering losses due to adverse variations in 
foreign currency values on positions held by the Issuer.   
The Issuer has adopted a policy that seeks to minimize risk exposure through a limits system. 
The task of the Issuer’s risk management system office is to monitor constantly the market risks 
relative to credit and financial activity, and to generate the appropriate reports. 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, 
and there can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds 
will develop. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or 
entities in the United States of America or registered under any securities laws and are subject 
to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under section entitled 
“Subscription and Sale”. If an active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not continue

--- Page 88 ---
88 
    
for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of 
investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its 
Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired 
yield. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In 
addition, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange 
or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to 
obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. 
In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any time at fair 
market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by 
country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The market prices of the Covered Bonds depend on various factors, such as changes of interest 
rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
supply and demand for the relevant type of Covered Bonds. The market price of the Covered 
Bonds may also be negatively affected by an increase in the Issuer’s credit spreads, i.e. the 
difference between yields on the Issuer’s debt and the yield of government bonds or swap rates 
of similar maturity. The Issuer’s credit spreads are mainly based on its perceived 
creditworthiness but also influenced by other factors such as general market trends as well as 
supply and demand for such Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Covered Bonds, (b) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds and (c) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered 
Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantee  
Guarantor only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the guaranteed amounts payable under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee until service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay 
on the Guarantor; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
    
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Events of Default, and service of an 
Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. An Acceleration Notice 
can only be served if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (a) an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred and (b) no Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Due 
for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the 
Guaranteed Amounts, the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example in 
respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on 
interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of 
Default, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer 
towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders 
in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and 
the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Due for Payment Date. In consideration of 
the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-
vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by either the MEF Decree 
or contractual agreements between the parties of the Covered Bond Guarantee, and there is no 
case-law or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, we cannot exclude that a court 
might uphold a Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Guarantor is obliged under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a guaranteed amount and has insufficient funds available under 
the relevant priority of payments to pay such amount on the Extension Determination Date, 
then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts shall automatically be 
deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has 
sufficient moneys available to pay in part the guaranteed amount in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on 
the relevant Maturity Date and any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the 
unpaid guaranteed amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out 
therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, 
except where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with the relevant Priorities 
of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the 
Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB 
Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of 
an applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure 
by the Guarantor to pay any guaranteed amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on

--- Page 90 ---
90 
    
the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
No Gross-up for Taxes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or 
deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is 
imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an 
Italian resident Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. For further details see the section 
entitled “Taxation in the Republic of Italy”. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee will 
be limited recourse to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend 
on the realisable value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the 
Cover Pool and the timing thereof, the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts 
received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Bank. The Guarantor will not have any 
other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool may not be sufficient to 
meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured 
Creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have 
been structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal 
to, or greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account 
the relevant negative cost of carry. In addition the MEF Decree and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations provide for certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring that (a) the net present 
value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than (for the entire 
duration of the transaction), the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of 
interests and other revenues generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal 
to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed 
to perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has 
been (and any Successor Servicer may be) appointed to service the portion of Cover Pool 
respectively assigned by it and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance 
with the Mandatory Tests. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations 
under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part

--- Page 91 ---
91 
    
thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the 
Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The 
Guarantor, if a Swap Agreement is executed on or after the Issue Date, may also be reliant on 
the Swap Counterparties to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement, then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a 
Successor Servicer in its place subject to the notification provided for under Article 7-bis, 
paragraph 4 of the Law 130. There can be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient 
experience of administering the relevant portion of the Cover Pool would be found who would 
be willing and able to service the relevant portion of the Cover Pool on the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement. The ability of a Successor Servicer to perform fully the required services 
would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the 
time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer may affect the 
realisable value of the relevant portion of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a 
Servicer or to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into 
the Cover Pool Swap with the Cover Pool Swap Counterparty, on or after the relevant Issue 
Date. In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate or currency risks in respect of amounts 
received under the Cover Pool Swap and certain other amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan and Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered 
Bond Swaps with the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties (on or after the relevant Issue Date). 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, 
then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that 
Swap Agreement. A Swap Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies 
with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-
payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts 
not paid by the Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty may in such circumstances incur additional 
amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered 
Bonds. If the Swap Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its 
obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to 
be paid to the Guarantor on the payment date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will 
be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in 
the relevant rates of interest. In addition, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the potential 
risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination 
payment to the relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will 
have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap 
Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a

--- Page 92 ---
92 
    
replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement 
swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings 
of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition the swaps may provide that 
notwithstanding the swap counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and the 
failure by the swap counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant swap 
agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the swap until a replacement swap counterparty 
has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor will be obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such 
termination payment may rank pari passu with (or under certain circumstances ahead of) certain 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
4. 
Risks relating to the underlying 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover 
Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due 
to, for instance: 
(a) 
the Seller selling further Receivables (or Receivables which are of a type that have not 
previously been comprised in the Cover Pool to the Guarantor);  
(b) 
the Seller repurchasing certain Receivables in accordance with the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
However, each claim will be required to meet the Criteria and to conform to the representations 
and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement — see “Description of the 
Transaction Documents — Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”. In addition, the Mandatory 
Tests are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor’s assets to the Covered 
Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the Calculation Agent will provide on each 
Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the 
Mandatory Tests. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other 
actions in respect of any of the Eligible Assets or other Receivables. Instead, the Guarantor will 
rely on the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria and the relevant representations / 
warranties given by the Seller in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided 
for in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach of representation or warranty is for 
the Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in respect of losses arising from such 
breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian 
Civil Code, to retransfer the Receivables in respect of which a breach of the relevant 
representation or warranty has occurred which were previously assigned to it by the Seller in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
Such obligations are not guaranteed by nor will be the responsibility of any person other than 
the Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
have recourse to any other person in the event that the Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet

--- Page 93 ---
93 
    
such obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement the assets 
which are not Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool are excluded by the calculation of 
the Test on the Portfolio and in case of breach of the Test due to such exclusion, either the 
Seller or, failing the Seller to do so, the Issuer are obliged to integrate the Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller has agreed to transfer 
Subsequent Receivables to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables in order to ensure that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests. The Initial 
Receivables purchase price shall be funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Subsequent Receivables purchase price will be funded 
through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement in case of an Issuance Assignment and/or an Integration 
Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Seller and the Issuer have 
undertaken to ensure that on each Calculation Date the Cover Pool is in compliance with the 
Tests. If on any Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available Funds to cure the relevant Test or, to 
the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient to cure the relevant Test, require the Seller to 
grant further advances under the Subordinated Loan Agreement for the purposes of funding the 
purchase of Integration Assets and/or other Eligible Assets, representing an amount sufficient 
to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Calculation Date. If the Cover Pool is not in 
compliance with the Tests on the next following Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a Breach of Test Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Test Notice if on the 
next following Calculation Date the Tests are subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to 
the obligation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of Test 
Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met 
on, or prior to, the next Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with 
the terms of the Tests, that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
(both before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, failure to satisfy 
the Mandatory Tests and/or the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer 
Event of Default will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer 
(to the extent not already accelerated against the Issuer) and the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Prior to the delivery of Notice to Pay and subject to receipt of the relevant information from the 
Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures set out in an 
engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date concerning, 
inter alia, (a) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under Decree No. 310 with respect 
to the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (b) the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests; (c) the compliance with 
the limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out under Decree No. 310; and (d) the 
effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement that may 
be entered into in the context of the Programme. In addition, the Asset Monitor will, pursuant

--- Page 94 ---
94 
    
to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, (i) prior to the delivery of Notice to Pay, verify 
the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Mandatory Tests and the 
Asset Coverage Test; and (ii) following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, verify the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Amortisation Test. See further 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement”.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring 
compliance with, nor the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the 
performance by any other party of its obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to sell Selected 
Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s creditors 
including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, see “Description of the 
Transaction Documents — Cover Pool Administration Agreement”. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required 
and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for 
such Selected Assets, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal 
to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the 
same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in 
respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets for the best price 
reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Events of Default occurs and an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor direct the Servicer to sell the Selected Assets respectively assigned by it as quickly 
as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time (see 
“Description of the Transaction Documents — Cover Pool Administration Agreement”). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the 
Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents. If an Acceleration Notice is served on the 
Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due on their Receivables; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
    
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables in the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory 
authorities; 
(f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate; 
(g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
(h) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables being 
unenforceable; and 
(i) 
the relevant Debtor benefitting of rescheduling or suspension of payments agreements 
(including moratoriums) in accordance with applicable legislation or agreements 
entered into by the Italian Banking Association or other trade associations to which the 
relevant Seller is a party, or granted on a voluntary basis, in order to deal with the 
COVID-19 outbreak. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Mandatory Tests and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount 
of Receivables in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following 
an Issuer Event of Default, service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and 
accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised 
for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
Limits to Integration 
Under the Bank of Italy Regulations, the Integration (as defined below), whether through 
Eligible Assets or through Integration Assets shall be carried out in accordance with the 
methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations (see “Selected aspects 
of Italian law – Tests set out in the MEF Decree”). 
More specifically, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for 
the purpose of (a) complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (b) complying 
with any contractual overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant 
agreements or (c) complying with the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in 
the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified above. 
Insolvency proceedings and subordination provisions 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on 
contractual and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the 
payment rights of other creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency 
proceedings relating to that creditor. In particular, recent cases have focused on provisions 
involving the subordination of a hedging counterparty’s payment rights in respect of certain 
termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings or other default on the 
part of such counterparty (so-called “flip clauses”). Such provisions are similar in effect to the 
terms which will be included in the Transaction Documents relating to the subordination of 
payments of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
    
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English 
law. Contrary to this, however, the US Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination 
provision is unenforceable under US bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such 
provision would violate the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a US 
bankruptcy of the counterparty. However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy Court decision 
held that in certain circumstances flip clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and 
therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the 
US District Court for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further 
affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The 
implications of this conflict remain unresolved.  
If a creditor of the Issuer (such as a Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement) or a related 
entity becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
(including, but not limited to, the US), and it is owed a payment by the Issuer, a question arises 
as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that 
creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination 
provisions included in the English law governed Transaction Documents (such as a provision 
of the Priorities of Payments which refers to the ranking of the Swap Counterparties’ payment 
rights in respect of payments of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts). In particular, based on 
the decision of the US Bankruptcy Court referred to above, there is a risk that such 
subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy laws. Such laws may be 
relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as Swap 
Counterparty, including US established entities and certain non-US established entities with 
assets or operations in the US (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if 
the relevant non-US entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a US state). In general, if a 
subordination provision included in the Transaction Documents was successfully challenged 
under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales and any 
relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, there can be no 
assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, 
the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds.  
Lastly, given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to 
above and that the Transaction Documents will include terms providing for the subordination 
of payments of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts, there is a risk that the final outcome of 
the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition action by the English courts) may 
result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating which may be 
assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.  
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
be backed by the Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such 
assets. Since the economic value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the 
Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). 
The Seller make no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a real estate asset 
will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage 
Loan or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall 
decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, 
ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be 
enforced.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
    
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Seller if Selected Assets 
and their related security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice or of Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to 
service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor may, and following a Notice to Pay shall, sell 
the Selected Assets and their related security interests included in the Cover Pool, subject to a 
right of pre-emption granted to the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Transfer 
Agreement and of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected 
Assets and their related security interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not 
provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related security 
interests and there is no assurance that the Seller would give or repeat any warranties or 
representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related security interests originally 
transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such warranties or representations. 
Any representations or warranties previously given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage 
Loans assigned by it in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if the 
Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Selected 
Assets and related security interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations 
and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Clawback of the sales of the Receivables 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 67 
of Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (the “Bankruptcy Law”) or the corresponding 
article of Legislative Decree n. 14 dated 12 January 2019, from the date of its entry into force 
(the “New Insolvency Code”), but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the 
Seller is made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the 
Receivables) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies (e.g. if the payments made or 
the obligations assumed by the bankrupt party exceed by more than one-fourth the 
consideration received or promised), within six months of the covered bonds transaction (or of 
the purchase of the Receivables). In this respect the Seller, in addition to the representation and 
warranties given pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which is a party, on or about the 
date of each assignment has undertaken to provide solvency certificates confirming that no 
insolvency procedures are pending against it. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of 
reasons. The Receivables are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors 
influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate 
payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic 
climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the 
availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and 
could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage 
Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in 
default by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the 
ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell 
a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
    
The recovery of amounts due in relation to defaulted claims will be subject to the effectiveness 
of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables which in Italy can take a considerable 
time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on several 
other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement 
of the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining 
title deeds from land registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up 
to two or three years; further time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree 
(decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in the 
proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers commence 
enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any real 
estate asset. 
Italian Law No. 302 of 3 August 1998, Italian law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, Italian law No. 263 
of 28 December 2005 and the Italian Civil Procedure Code permit notaries, chartered 
accountants or lawyers duly registered with the relevant register kept and updated from time to 
time by the president of the relevant court (Presidente del Tribunale), to conduct certain stages 
of the enforcement procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of enforcement 
proceedings by between two and three years. 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds: general risks relating 
to the property  
The Mortgage Loans will be secured by, among other things, the mortgage over the property. 
The repayment of the Mortgage Loan in part may be, and the payment of interest on the 
Mortgage Loan is, dependent on the ability of the property to produce cash flow. However, the 
income-producing capacity of the property may be adversely affected by a large number of 
factors. Some of these factors relate specifically to the property itself, such as: (i) the age, design 
and construction quality of the property; (ii) perceptions regarding the safety, convenience and 
attractiveness of the property; (iii) the proximity and attractiveness of competing properties; 
(iv) the adequacy of the property’s management and maintenance; (v) an increase in the capital 
expenditure needed to maintain the property or make improvements; (vi) a decline in the 
financial condition of a major tenant and the creditworthiness generally of tenants; (vii) a 
decline in rental rates as leases are renewed or entered into with new tenants; and (viii) the 
length of tenant leases. 
Other factors are more general in nature, such as: (i) national, regional or local economic 
conditions (including plant closures, industry slowdowns and unemployment rates); (ii) local 
property conditions from time to time (such as an oversupply or undersupply of warehouse, 
retail or office space); (iii) demographic factors; (iv) consumer confidence; (v) consumer tastes 
and preferences; (vi) retrospective changes in building codes or other regulatory changes; (vii) 
changes in governmental regulations, fiscal policy, planning/zoning or tax laws; (viii) potential 
environmental legislation or liabilities or other legal liabilities; (ix) the availability of 
refinancing; and (x) changes in interest rate levels. In particular, a decline in the property market 
or in the financial condition of a major tenant will tend to have a more immediate effect on the 
net operating income of properties with short term revenue sources and may lead to higher rates 
of delinquency or defaults. 
Any one or more of the above described factors or others not specifically mentioned above 
could operate to have an adverse effect on the income derived from, or able to be generated by, 
the property, which could in turn cause the Debtor to default on the Mortgage Loan, reduce the 
chances of the Debtor being able to refinance the Mortgage Loan or reduce the Debtor’s ability 
to sell the property at a required price or at all.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
    
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance 
policy issued by leading insurance companies approved by the Seller. There can be no assurance 
that all risks that could affect the value of the real estate assets are or will be covered by an 
insurance policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in full.  
Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not covered (or which is not 
covered in full) by an insurance policy could adversely affect the value of the real estate assets 
and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the 
Guarantor by the Seller, but originated by a person other than the Seller (an Originator), will 
have been originated in accordance with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of 
origination. It is expected that the Seller’s or the relevant Originator’s, as the case may be, 
lending criteria will generally consider term of loan, indemnity guarantee policies, status of 
applicants and credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the 
Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were 
originated in accordance with the Seller’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination 
and (b) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by an Originator, were originated in 
accordance with the relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. 
The Seller retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms 
of the Master Transfer Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at 
any time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness 
of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the 
realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Defaulted Assets in the Cover Pool will be given a zero 
weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage 
Loans is subject to a number of legal risks. They include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, 
of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, 
such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date 
of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration of the notice of 
assignment in the local Companies’ Register. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be 
subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the Seller or, as applicable the relevant 
Originator, including rights of set off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the 
Official Gazette and registration at the Companies’ Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Cover Pool may have increased risks of set-off, because the Seller or, as applicable, the 
relevant Originator is required to make payments under them to the borrowers. In addition, the 
exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover 
Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
    
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 as amended, supplemented and interpreted from time 
to time, by applicable laws (including, without limitation, the Law No. 24 of 28 February 2001 
and the Law Decree No. 70 of 30 May 2011) (the “Usury Law”) introduced legislation 
preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the ”Usury 
Rates”) set every three months on the basis of a decree issued by the Italian Treasury. In 
addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages 
and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount 
lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate 
usually applied for similar transactions) and (b) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in 
financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or 
remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain 
judgments issued during 2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the 
Usury Law applied both to loans advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury 
Law.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued Law Decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394”), 
converted into law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the 
uncertainty about the interpretation of the Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will 
be deemed to be usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeded the Usury 
Rates at the time when the loan agreement or any other credit facility was entered into or the 
interest rate was agreed. The Decree 394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court by 
decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the 
exceptional fall in interest rates in 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable 
after 31 December 2000 on fixed rate loans (other than subsidised loans) already entered into 
on the date such decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be 
substituted, except where the parties have agreed to more favourable terms, with a lower interest 
rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by such decree by reference to the average gross 
yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni Tesoro Poliennali) in the period from January 1986 
to October 2000. 
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to 
time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a 
breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a financing is lower than the applicable Usury 
Rate at the time the terms of the financing were agreed but becomes higher than the applicable 
Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. However, it is worth mentioning that, by more recent 
decisions, the Italian Supreme Court has clearly stated that, in order to establish if the interest 
rate exceeds the Usury Rate, it has to be considered the interest rate agreed between the parties 
at the time of the signing of the financing agreement, regardless of the time of the payment of 
such interest (see, for instance, Cassazione 19 October 2017, No 24675). In addition, several 
court precedents have also stated that default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into 
account when calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes 
of determining its compliance with the applicable Usury Rate. That interpretation is in 
contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, considering that 
the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took into account 
the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an official 
document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the 
statutory Usury Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods 
utilised to determine the remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) 
and the applicable statutory Usury Rates against which the former must be compared.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
    
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 
September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, 
also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared 
with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, 
only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a 
consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which determined the breach of said 
threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation of the Supreme 
Court. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, 
accrued interest may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date 
when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. 
Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that 
there are recognised customary practices to the contrary. Banks and other financial institutions 
in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a three-monthly basis 
on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. However, a 
number of recent judgments from Italian courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme 
Court (Corte di Cassazione) have held that such practices may not be defined as customary 
practices. Consequently if borrowers were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such 
interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be upheld before other courts in the Republic of 
Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans may be prejudiced. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 
4 August 1999 (“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation 
granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of 
accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 
October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer 
possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. 
Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian 
Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 
regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date 
on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17-bis of law decree no. 18 of 14 February 2016, as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 
April 2016, amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing 
that the accrued interest shall not produce further interests, except for default interests, and 
are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. In addition, on 10 September 2016, the 
decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his 
quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Consolidated Banking Act, has been published on the Official Gazette No. 212 of 10 
September 2016.Consumer Credit Directive  
In September 2002, the European Commission published a proposal for a directive of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the harmonisation of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning credit for consumers and surety 
agreements entered into by consumers. 
There was significant opposition from the European Parliament to the original form of the 
proposed directive, and to an amended form of the proposed directive published in October 
2004. In October 2005, the European Commission published a second revised proposal for the 
directive.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
    
On 23 April 2008, the directive 2008/48/CE (the “Consumer Credit Directive”) has been 
adopted by the European Parliament and Council. The directive entered into force after 20 days 
from its publication in the Official journal of the European Union. Thereafter, Member States 
had two years (2010) in which to implement its provisions.  
The new legislation covers consumer loans between €200 and €75,000 which are not required 
to be repaid within a month. It only covers credit contracts, not guarantors and other aspects of 
credit agreement law. The directive applies only to loan contracts on which interest is paid, and 
not products such as deferred payment cards (charge cards) and does not cover the granting of 
credit secured on land or made to finance the acquisition or retention of property rights. 
The main points of the new directive are: the standardisation of information to be provided in 
advertising, the requirement for pre-contractual and contractual information, consumer 
cancellation rights, the right to early repayment and rules for the calculation of compensation 
and requirement to specify the annual percentage rate of charge. 
The Consumer Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by means of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010, as subsequently amended and implemented, which 
amended the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
It is not certain what effect the adoption and implementation of the directive would have on the 
Issuer and its businesses and operations. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors 
and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant 
applicable laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the 
mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the 
right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a 
maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to 
suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, 
(v) the automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain 
periods, to residents, both individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by 
environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws and regulations.  
 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on 
credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage 
Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations 
and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for 
consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The 
Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
• 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
• 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary 
service;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
    
• 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed 
formula; 
 
• 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
• 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
• 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014 and is required to be 
implemented in Member States by 21 March 2016. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage 
Credit Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as 
well as its final Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation 
by Member States of the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
In Italy, the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, 
implementing the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 (the “Mortgage Legislative Decree”).  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, 
to (i) residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the 
property rights on a residential immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and 
information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the 
consumers and provides that without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties 
may expressly agree in a specific clause at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of 
breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non- payment of an 
amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or the 
sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value 
of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining 
amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets 
or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by 
the debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the consumer. 
The provisions introduced by the Mortgage Legislative Decree allow the automatic transfer of 
the property subject to security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the 
relevant outstanding obligations. Provided that certain risks may arise from the management by 
the creditor of the relevant property, such new legislation is expected to facilitate the recovery 
of the relevant claims. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato 
Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380”) which 
implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Consolidated Banking Act, with the view to 
creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an 
adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016, the 
Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency and correctness in the 
relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di 
trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra 
intermediari e clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the 
transparency provisions of laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage 
Credit Legislative Decree.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
    
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, 
the impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not 
adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the main risks inherent in the holding of 
Covered Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
interest or repay principal on the Covered Bonds of any Series may occur for other reasons 
and the Issuer does not represent that the above statements of the risks of holding Covered 
Bonds are exhaustive. While the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus 
are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there can 
be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the 
holders of Covered Bonds of any Series of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a 
timely basis or at all.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
The information contained in this section of this Prospectus relates to and has been 
obtained from DB S.p.A. The delivery of this Prospectus shall not create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of DB S.p.A. since the date hereof, or that the 
information contained or referred to in this section of this Prospectus is correct as of any 
time subsequent to its date. 
History and Evolution of the Issuer 
Legal Name 
The Issuer’s legal name is “Deutsche Bank Società per Azioni”. 
Commercial Name 
The Issuer’s commercial name is “Deutsche Bank S.p.A.”. 
Place and Number of the Issuer’s Registration  
The Issuer is enrolled in the Milan Company Registry under No. 01340740156.  
DB S.p.A. is enrolled in the Bank Register kept by the Bank of Italy under No. 30.7.0, and is 
the parent company of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group which is enrolled in the Banking Group 
Register under No. 3104.7. 
Date of the Issuer’s Establishment and Duration 
The Issuer was established by notarial deed on November 14, 1917. As of October 1, 1994, the 
Issuer assumed the legal name of “Deutsche Bank Società per Azioni”.  
The Issuer’s duration is set until December 31, 2100, which may be extended by Shareholders’ 
resolution.  
Legal Entity Identifier  
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 529900SS7ZWCX82U3W60.  
Issuer’s History and Development 
Deutsche Bank began operating in Italy in 1977 when it opened a branch office in Milan. 
In 1986 Deutsche Bank AG acquired “Banca d’America e d’Italia” from Bank of America. 
In 1994, eight years after Deutsche Bank AG’s acquisition, “Banca d’America e d’Italia” 
changed its name to “Deutsche Bank S.p.A.” and, in that same year, it also acquired “Banca 
Popolare di Lecco” which was subsequently merged into DB S.p.A.  
In 1995 the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group acquired a minority shareholding in Finanza & Futuro 
S.p.A., an asset management holding company (mutual funds, life insurance, and capital 
management).  
Between 1996 and 1999, the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group made various acquisitions on the 
Italian market.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
    
Deutsche Asset Management SGR S.p.A. was established in 2000. 
The acquisition of Zurich Financial Services’ asset management business in Italy was 
completed in May 2002. At the same time, Deutsche Bank sold DB Vita S.p.A., an insurance 
company that was part of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group, to the Zurich group. 
DWS Investments Italy SGR S.p.A. was formed in September 2002. DWS Alternative 
Investments SGR S.p.A. was established in 2003. New Prestitempo S.p.A. was established in 
2005.  
In this same year, the Issuer transferred Deutsche Bank SIM S.p.A. and Deutsche Bank Capital 
Markets S.p.A. (a corporate finance advisory firm) to Deutsche Bank AG, Milan branch, as part 
of a broad reorganization of the Corporate & Investment Banking business. 
On 30 July 2007 DWS Investments Italy SGR S.p.A., a company wholly owned by Deutsche 
Asset Management Italy S.p.A., sold to Anima S.G.R. p.A. its own business branch consisting 
in 34 mutual funds, various employee relationships, distribution agreements for the funds, as 
well as other legal asset and liability relationships concerning this branch.  
In June 2008, the insurance company DWS Vita S.p.A, wholly owned by Deutsche Asset 
Management Italy S.p.A., was sold to the Zurich Group. 
On 1 October 2008, DWS Investments Italy SGR S.p.A. was merged into DWS Alternative 
Investments SGR S.p.A.; at the same time, the latter company changed its business name to 
DWS Investments SGR S.p.A. 
On 1 January 2009, RREEF Alternative Investments SGR S.p.A. was partially spun off to 
RREEF Fondimmobiliari SGR S.p.A. As of this date, RREEF Fondimmobiliari SGR S.p.A. 
manages real estate funds of a speculative nature in addition to traditional real estate funds. 
On 16 February 2009, DB Consorzio S.c.a r.l. was established in order to provide 
organizational, technical, IT, and administrative services to the DB Group companies. On April 
1, 2009, it acquired the entire company from the preexisting DB Consortium S.c.a r.l., currently 
in liquidation. 
On 24 September 2009, DWS Investments SGR S.p.A. sold all its legal relationships regarding 
the speculative mutual funds it managed to Hedge Investment SGR p.A. through an agreement 
on the block sale of legal relationships pursuant to Art. 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, 
which is subject to certain suspensive conditions. 
On 16 November 2009, DB S.p.A. transferred its entire stake in RREEF Opportunities 
Management S.r.l. to Deutsche Bank AG, Milan Branch. This was the first step of a wider DB 
Group restructuring initiative aimed at reducing the number of entities operating in the asset 
management sector for the sake of optimizing/simplifying the DB Group’s participatory chain 
and benefitting from greater management efficiency and a reduction in costs. 
On 18 February 2010, Deutsche Asset Management Italy S.p.A. sold its entire stake in DWS 
SIM S.p.A. to Deutsche Bank AG, Milan Branch. 
On 15 July 2010, RREEF Alternative Investments SGR S.p.A. (wholly owned by DB S.p.A.) 
was merged into RREEF Fondimmobiliari SGR S.p.A. (also wholly owned by DB S.p.A.). 
On 6 October 2010, DB S.p.A. transferred 100% of the participation in RREEF 
Fondimmobiliari SGR S.p.A.’s capital stock to Deutsche Bank AG, Milan branch.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
    
On 4 November 2010, DB S.p.A. acquired a 62.49% stake in Deutsche Asset Management Italy 
S.p.A. from DWS Holding & Service GmbH, in order to reach a 99.99% participation in the 
latter company. The acquisition was financed through a capital increase offered as option to 
shareholders, resolved by the Supervisory Board on 30 April 2010 and subsequently approved 
by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 8 September 2010. 
On 30 November 2010, Deutsche Asset Management Italy S.p.A. and DWS Investments Italy 
SGR S.p.A. (a company wholly owned by Deutsche Asset Management Italy S.p.A.) were 
merged into DB S.p.A. As a result of this merger, Finanza & Futuro Banca S.p.A. (previously 
wholly owned by Deutsche Asset Management Italy S.p.A.) came under the DB S.p.A.’s direct 
control. 
On 1 July 2011, the branch of business of DWS SIM S.p.A. was transferred to Deutsche Bank 
AG, Milan branch and, effective 1 December 2011, DWS SIM S.p.A. was subsequently merged 
into DB Servizi Amministrativi S.r.l. 
Effective as from 1 August 2011, RREEF Agency S.r.l. was merged into RREEF Opportunities 
Management S.r.l. 
On 13 June 2012, DB S.p.A. acquired a 90% stake in DB Covered Bond S.r.l. a special purpose 
vehicle aimed at guaranteeing the Covered Bonds issued by DB S.p.A. 
Effective as from 28 June 2013, New Prestitempo S.p.A. was merged into DB S.p.A. 
On 5 July 2013, Vesta Real Estate S.r.l. was established. Such company was fully owned by 
DB S.p.A. in order to bid in auctions where Deutsche Bank Mutui S.p.A. collateral properties 
are sold with the purpose of fostering third party acquisitions of selected properties. In case of 
no (or too low) bids from third parties Vesta Real Estate S.r.l. can purchase selected and worthy 
properties to be resold as soon as possible at market price. 
Upon cancellation from the Asset Management Companies Record - effective as from 1 
December 2013 - RREEF Fondimmobiliari SGR S.p.A. was merged into DB Servizi 
Amministrativi S.r.l. 
On 17 December 2013, RREEF Opportunities Management S.r.l. was merged into DB Servizi 
Amministrativi S.r.l. 
On 8 March 2014, DB Capital Markets S.r.l. was merged into DB Servizi Amministrativi S.r.l. 
On 2 October 2017, DB S.p.A. transferred its entire stake (100%) in Deutsche Bank Mutui 
S.p.A. to Deutsche Bank AG, Milan Branch. The transfer of Deutsche Bank Mutui S.p.A. was 
aimed at separating such run-off company from the other core activities of DB S.p.A. and the 
other companies of the DB Group. 
As part of a review of the strategic plan and in line with the objectives of rationalizing, 
simplifying and streamlining the structure of companies pursued at the international group level 
DB S.p.A. decided to consolidate with itself those corporate entities belonging to the DB Group 
for which there were no legal, regulatory, business or operational reasons that justify their 
“stand alone” existence. In relation thereto, effective as from 1 July 2018, Finanza & Futuro 
Banca S.p.A. was merged into DB S.p.A. 
Further, effective November 1, 2018 DB S.p.A. purchased the DB Consorzio S.c. a r.l. going 
concern, with the exception of the active and passive relationships related to the Warsaw

--- Page 108 ---
108 
    
Branch. Effective January 1, 2019 DB Consorzio S.c. a r.l. was merged into DB Servizi 
Amministrativi S.r.l., which thus acquired the Warsaw Branch. 
On 30 July 2020, Cardea Real Estate S.r.l. was established. Such company is fully owned by 
Deutsche Bank AG via its Milan Branch and carries out the same activity of Vesta Real Estate 
S.r.l. 
On 18 November 2021, Vesta Real Estate S.r.l. was sold to BG Re S.r.l. 
Thus, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group’s composition is 
indicated as set out in Figure 1, and for the sake of greater clarity, also indicates the composition 
of the group underneath Deutsche Bank AG, Milan Branch. 
Figure 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer’s Domicile and Legal Form under which it Operates, Country of Establishment, 
Address, and Phone Number of the Registered Office  
The Issuer is a regulated joint stock corporation operating under Italian law. 
The Issuer’s registered office and headquarters are located at Piazza del Calendario No. 3, 
20126 Milan, Italy. 
The Issuer’s phone number is +39 0240241. 
100% 
79.49% 
Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt 
Shareholdings 
(*)         Percentage based on capital stock with voting rights 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Milan 
CB Business 
100% 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
90% 
DWS International GmbH Milan 
Branch 
DWS International GmbH 
99.868% (*) 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Milan Branch  
Deutsche Bank 
Mutui S.p.A. 
100% 
DB Servizi 
Amministrativi 
S.r.l. 
100% 
Cardea Real Estate 
S.r.l. 
100% 
 
100% 
Fiduciaria Sant’Andrea 
S.r.l. 
DB Beteiligungs-Holding GmbH, 
Frankfurt 
DWS GmbH KGaA

--- Page 109 ---
109 
    
Recent Events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the 
evaluation of its solvency 
Figure 2 shows events in years 2013-2022 that are substantially relevant to evaluating 
DB S.p.A.’s solvency. 
 
Figure 2 
 
2013 
retained earnings 
€ 5 million 
100% net income 2012 
2014 
retained earnings 
€ 16 million 
100% net income 2013  
2015 
retained earnings 
€ 36 million 
around 60% net income 2014  
2015 
Additional tier 1 (AT1) 
€ 145 million 
 
2016 
retained earnings 
€ 35 million 
around 50% net income 2015  
2017 
retained earnings 
€ 1 million 
around 8% net income 2016  
2018 
Additional paid-in 
€ 400 million 
loss for the year -218 mn € \ FTA IFRS9 -197 mn € 
2019 
Additional paid-in 
€ 250 million 
loss for the year -82 mn € 
2020 
Additional paid-in 
€ 150 million 
loss for the year -18 mn € 
2021 
Additional paid-in 
€ 200 million 
net income for the year 36 mn € 
2022    Retained earnings 
€ 3 milion        net income for the year 258 mn € 
 
Recent measures in connection with the Russia – Ukraina conflict  
Starting from the end of February 2022 there are two working group in place, one global and 
one local to verify and monitor the actions taken by the Bank as a consequence of Ukraine/ 
Russia war. Sanctions in place include: 
1. Sanctions to in scope (i.e. Russian) oligarchs and/or identified political-economical-
related ecosystem individuals/legal persons: DB S.p.A.is fully compliant with the 
various lists provided/fed centrally and able to detect them via automated systems along 
onboarding / transaction phases (i.e. HotScan & Name List Screening). 
2. Sanctions to all other in scope individuals/legal persons: 49 Russian individuals 
prudentially blocked (progressive unblock as long as up to date documentation is 
recovered) and 0 Russian-based Legal Entities identified; 1 Belarussian individual 
prudentially blocked (progressive unblock as long as up to date documentation is 
recovered) and 2 Belarus Legal Entities with no active products blocked. 
3. Removal of targeted Russian / Belarussian Banks and any entity in which they own 
more than 50% from SWIFT payment system: these implementations are done within 
DBAG systems by DBAG which are leveraged by DB S.p.A. 
4. Actions on RUB & Russian-Related transactions (Cash, FX and Securities): in line with 
Group directives, the Bank has implemented a precautionary block of 12 accounts in 
RUB, of which 10 IPB EU individuals and 2 CB EU legal entities. 
5. Credit Risk Impacts: as an outcome of a preliminary assessment by Credit Risk 
Management, no Loan Loss Provisions expected. 
6. Communication: for CB clients with multinational footprint, a dedicated desk has been 
engaged centrally while for others, including all IPB’s, information is distributed 
within the whole coverage workforce.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
    
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Main Activities 
Brief description of the main activities of the Issuer and the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group 
which it heads, with an indication of the main categories of products sold and services 
performed  
Deutsche Bank is a joint stock corporation authorized to exercise banking activities and enrolled 
in the banking registry kept by the Bank of Italy under No. 30.7.0, and it is the parent company 
of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group, which is enrolled in the Banking Group Registry under 
No. 3104.7. 
As parent company of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group, pursuant to Art. 61 of Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 (“Consolidated Banking Act”), and in the exercise of 
its management and coordination work, the Issuer issues orders to companies belonging to the 
Banking group in order to implement instructions issued by the Bank of Italy in the interest of 
the group’s stability.  
Consistently with the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group’s organizational and strategic choices, 
Deutsche Bank’s business is divided into two macro-divisions:  
• 
International Private Bank (“IPB”) 
• 
Corporate Bank (“CB”) 
At the organizational level, the macro-divisions consist of divisions within the Bank and 
companies belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group. 
The International Private Banking  
At the organizational level, the IPB division is in turn subdivided into: 
• 
Private & Business Banking; 
• 
DB Financial Advisors; 
• 
Consumer House and Branch Network 
The Private & Business Banking handles the distribution of products and services for the 
investment, financing, collection and payment needs of retail private clients and small to 
midsized companies.  
It also includes offering investment services to higher end private clients and selected 
institutions together with fiduciary services through Fiduciaria Sant’Andrea S.r.l., the Deutsche 
Bank S.p.A. Group’s traditional trust company. 
DB Financial Advisors handles the distribution of Investment & Insurance Products focusing 
on affluent and private clients through a network of more than 1.300 Financial Advisors. 
Consumer House and Branch Network handle the distribution of consumer lending products 
such as personal, cars, consumer and salary backed loans and traditional banking products, such 
as accounts, payments, mortgages and standard investment advisory.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
    
The Corporate Bank  
The Corporate Bank is a market leader in risk management for FX and Rates, cash management, 
lending, trade finance, trust and agency services as well as securities services. The Corporate 
Bank focuses on the treasurers and finance departments of corporate and commercial clients 
and financial institutions across the globe. 
Risk Management 
Enables corporate and commercial clients to leverage the full range of leading FX and Rates 
risk management.  
Cash Management 
Delivers a wide range of payment and cash management related products to corporates and 
non-bank financial institutions such as Bulk payments and Receivables, Single Payment, 
Cheque, Account and Liquidity Management. Offers a wide range of payment and cash 
management related products to financial institutions and Deutsche Bank affiliates such as 
Clearing Services, Foreign Cash Service. 
Trade Finance & Lending 
Covers the full range of corporate lending solutions and provides solutions related to imports, 
exports or domestic trade transactions that include document handling, financing and risk 
mitigation such as: 
-  Bilateral and syndicated loans 
- Unfunded Trade Solutions 
- Funded Trade Solutions  
- Structured Trade Solutions  
Trust & Agency Services 
Delivers a wide range of Agency and Fiduciary services to Capital Markets instruments 
including Corporate Debt, Structured Finance, Project Financing, Syndicated Loans, Escrow 
and Document Custody. Provides also a full range of Depositary Bank services to global 
issuers, investors and brokers. 
Securities Services 
Provides custody, and funds Services such as Clearing, Custody and Fund Services 
Issuer and Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group Business  
The Issuer and other group companies offer a broad range of commercial, investment, and 
insurance services to retail, corporate, and institutional clients.  
At the end of the fiscal year closed December 31, 2022, the group total assets decreased at the 
consolidated level compared to year 2021, with an amount of EUR 30.199 million; group asset 
are mainly attributable to the Issuer (99,2%).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
    
In terms of assets, variances are reported in the following consolidated balance sheet scheme 
comparing figures as of December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021: 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Assets, figures in euro/th 
Variations 
  
 
31/12/2022 
 
31/12/2021 
Absolute 
% 
10. Cash and cash equivalents 
3.687.543 
3.376.043 
311.500 
9,23 
20. Financial assets measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
209.330 
192.166 
17.164 
8,93 
a) financial assets held for trading 
173.222 
53.933 
119.289 
221,18 
c)  other financial assets mandatory at fair value 
through profit and loss 
36.108 
138.233 
(102.125) 
(73,88) 
40. Financial assets measured at ammortized cost 
24.851.504 25.507.972 
(656.468) 
(2,57) 
 
a) due from banks 
3.735.686 
5.181.588 
(1.445.902) 
(27,90) 
b) loans to customers 
21.115.818 20.326.384 
789.434 
3,88 
50. Hedging derivatives 
3.850 
15.515 
(11.665) 
(75,19) 
70. Equity Investments 
13.389 
9.221 
4.168 
45,20 
90. Property and equipment 
228.166 
256.815 
(28.649) 
(11,16) 
100. Intangible assets 
32.743 
39.122 
(6.379) 
(16,31) 
of which: 
- goodwill 
                    -              -                           -          - 
110. Tax assets 
304.854 
359.981 
(55.127) 
(15,31) 
(a) current 
117.468 
99.872 
17.596 
17,62 
(b) deferred 
187.386 
260.109 
(72.723) 
(27,96) 
130. Other assets 
867.184 
756.064 
111.120 
14,70 
 
Total assets 
 30.198.563  30.512.899  
(314.336) 
(1,03) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In The following table, variances are reported in the following consolidated balance sheet 
scheme comparing figures as of December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
    
Consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2022 
  
  
  
  
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity, figures in euro/th 
  
  
Variations 
 
31/12/2022 
 
31/12/2021 
Absolute 
% 
  
  
  
 
10. 
 
Financial liabilities measured at ammortized cost 
26.847.780 
27.602.321 
(754.541) 
(2,73) 
 
a) due to banks 
11.096.346 
10.312.071 
784.275 
7,61 
 
b) due to customers 
15.559.669 
17.287.516 
(1.727.847) 
(9,99) 
 
c) securities issued 
191.765 
2.734 
189.031 
n.s. 
 
20. 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
170.505 
67.089 
103.416 
154,15 
 
40. 
 
Hedging derivatives 
                    -    
5.647 
(5.647) 
(100,00) 
 
60. 
 
Tax liabilities 
1.308 
1.598 
(290) 
(18,15) 
   
(a) current 
2                    35  
(33) 
(94,29) 
   
(b) deferred 
1.306 
1.563 
(257) 
(16,44) 
 
80. 
 
Other liabilities 
687.436 
537.376 
150.060 
27,92 
 
90. 
 
Employee termination indemnities 
11.101 
13.942 
(2.841) 
(20,38) 
 
100. 
 
Allowances for risks and charges: 
148.056 
182.633 
(34.577) 
(18,93) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
23.189 
41.504 
(18.315) 
(44,13) 
 
 
b) post-employment benefits 
1.028 
13.341 
(12.313) 
(92,29) 
 
 
c) other allowances for risks and charges 
123.839 
127.788 
(3.949) 
(3,09) 
 
120. 
 
Valuation reserves 
1.604 
(32) 
1.636 
n.s. 
 
140. 
 
Equity instruments 
145.000 
145.000                    -                      -       
 
150. 
 
Reserves 
1.185.527 
1.180.433 
5.094 
0,43 
 
160. 
 
Additional paid-in capital 
331.959 
331.959                    -                    -         
 
170. 
 
Common shares 
412.154 
412.154                    -                    -         
 
180. 
 
Common shares in Treasury (-) 
(3.516) 
(3.516)                    -                    -         
 
190. 
 
Minority interests (+/-) 
11 
11                    -         
    - 
 
200. 
 
Net income (loss) (+/-) 
259.638 
36.284 
223.354 
615,57 
 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
     30.198.563       30.512.899  
(314.336) 
(1,03) 
 
The Issuer’s Main Products and Services  
The International Private Banking  
The main products that the Issuer and other Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group companies offer to 
private and business clients (small to midsized companies, freelance professionals) include: 
• 
Current accounts; 
• 
Credit cards;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
    
• 
Personal loans; 
• 
Home loans; 
• 
Insurance and retirement products; 
• 
Financial products and investment services. 
The Corporate Bank 
The main products in the Corporate Banking division offered by the Issuer and other Deutsche 
Bank S.p.A. Group companies can be categorized as follows:  
• 
corporate finance: the Issuer provides strategic and financial consulting; 
• 
foreign exchange: Deutsche Bank offers services for transacting in currency markets; 
• 
transaction banking: the Issuer offers a series of services that are targeted at companies, 
government entities, and financial institutions; 
• 
debt capital market: the Issuer offers services for transacting in capital markets; 
• 
hedging instruments: the Issuer offers a wide range of products in order to satisfy 
clients’ needs and ensure, for example, hedging against interest rate or currency 
exchange rate risks.   
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Description of Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group, and it engages in 
management and coordination of the companies that it controls pursuant to Article 61, 
paragraph 4 of the Consolidated Banking Act and Articles 2497 et seq. of the Italian civil code. 
DB S.p.A.’s subsidiaries belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Italian Banking Group are 
Fiduciaria Sant’Andrea S.r.l. and DB Covered Bond S.r.l.. 
Please refer to the following graphic representation of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group as of 
the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
    
 
 
 
 
 
IPB Business 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group Structure 
Figure 3 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer’s Dependence on Other Companies 
The Issuer is controlled by Deutsche Bank AG, through a 95.64% direct equity stake and a 
99.87% participation in the capital stock with voting rights. Please refer to paragraph Principal 
Shareholders below for more information on the DB S.p.A.’s majority shareholder. 
The Issuer guarantees that there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statement.  
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
Information on the Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies  
Supervisory Board  
DB S.p.A.’s April 29, 2008 Shareholders’ meeting approved the adoption of the two-tier model, 
which is characterized by the presence of a supervisory board and a management board.  
The current supervisory board members are listed below.  
 
Member 
Office held within the Issuer  
Werner Steinmueller 
Chairman 
Paola Schwizer 
Vice Chairman  
Stefano Gnocchi 
Board Member  
Amauri Gutierrez Hernandez 
Board Member 
Marissa Horvatin 
Board Member 
Jasmine Ray Mathews 
Board Member 
Gianmario Verona 
Board Member 
Sandra Wirfs 
Board Member 
George Yates                                                  Board Member 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Milan 
90% 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Fiduciaria Sant’Andrea S.r.l. 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
CB Business

--- Page 116 ---
116 
    
 
The supervisory board members are all domiciled for the purposes of their engagement at the 
Issuer’s registered office.  
The main offices held by supervisory board members in companies other than the Issuer and 
those belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group are listed below.  
 
Member 
Company 
Office 
Werner 
Steinmueller 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Paola Schwizer 
 
Ferrovie dello Stato S.p.A. 
Hera S.p.A. 
 
Board of Directors Member 
Board of Directors Member 
 
Hera Trading S.r.l. 
Board of Directors Member 
 
IGM SGR S.p.A. into administrative 
receivership 
 
Member of the Supervisory 
Committee (Comitato di 
Sorveglianza) 
 
Stefano Gnocchi 
Snam S.p.A. 
Board 
of 
Auditors 
Chairman 
 
 
 
 
 
MTA S.p.A. 
Pirola Advisory S.p.A.  
Giglio Group S.p.A. 
 
 
Board of Auditors Member 
Board of Directors Member  
Member of the 231 Control 
Organism  
Amauri 
Gutierrez 
Hernandez 
- 
 
 
 
 
Marissa Horvatin 
Norisbank GmbH 
Management 
Board 
Member 
 
 
 
 
Jasmine 
Ray 
Mathews 
 
 
Deutsche Bank SAEU 
Deutsche Bank AG London Branch 
 
 
Board of Directors Member 
Branch Manager 
 
Gianmario Verona 
 
Il Sole 24 ORE S.p.A. 
Fondazione Human Technopole 
 
Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia 
 
Board of Directors Member 
Supervisory 
Board 
Chairman 
Member of the Board 
 
 
 
Sandra Wirfs 
- 
 
 
George Yates 
 
-

--- Page 117 ---
117 
    
 
Management Board 
The members of DB S.p.A. management board, who have been appointed by the Bank’s 
supervisory board, will remain in office until new management board is appointed (the current 
board is presently under legal prorogation). 
The current members of the management board are listed below. 
 
Member 
Office held within DB S.p.A. 
Roberto Parazzini  
Chairman and CEO 
Luca Fachin 
Vice Chairman 
Maria Giuseppina Ceré 
Board Member 
Roberto Coletta 
Silvia Guerrini 
Board Member 
Board Member 
Paolo Maestri 
Board Member 
Chiara Rossato 
Board Member 
Giordano Villa 
Board Member 
 
Management board members are all domiciled for the purposes of their office at the Issuer’s 
registered office.  
The main offices held by management board members in companies other than the Issuer or 
companies belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group are listed below.  
 
Member 
Company 
Office 
Roberto Parazzini 
Deutsche Bank AG – Milan 
Branch 
Fondazione Deutsche Bank 
Italia 
Assoreti 
Branch Manager 
 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Chairman 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Luca Fachin 
Deutsche Bank AG – Milan 
Branch 
Branch Manager 
Maria Giuseppina Ceré 
Silvia Guerrini 
- 
Fiduciaria 
Sant’Andrea 
S.r.l. 
 
Board of Directors Member 
Roberto Coletta 
- 
 
Paolo Maestri 
- 
 
Chiara Rossato 
- 
 
Giordano Villa 
Deutsche Bank Mutui S.p.A. 
 
Cardea Real Estate S.r.l. 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Chairman 
Board of Directors Member

--- Page 118 ---
118 
    
Member 
Company 
Office 
Crif S.p.A. 
Aifirm 
– 
Associazione 
Italiana Financial Industry 
Risk Managers 
Fondo Interbancario di tutela 
dei depositi 
Board of Directors Member 
Board of Directors Member 
 
 
Board of Directors Member 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest for the Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies  
As of the date of this Prospectus, to the best of DB S.p.A.’s knowledge, no member of DB 
S.p.A.’s supervisory board and management board holds private interests that conflict with 
his/her own obligations deriving from his/her office or role held within the DB Group itself. 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS  
Controlling Entity 
DB S.p.A. is controlled by Deutsche Bank AG, a German company with registered office at 
Taunusanlage 12, Frankfurt am Main, D-60486, Germany. Control is exercised through a 
95.64% direct equity stake and a 99.87% participation in the capital stock with voting rights. 
DB S.p.A. is subject to the direction and coordination of Deutsche Bank AG. 
The direction and coordination activity is exercised by Deutsche Bank AG in several ways 
which are actualized mainly through group policies designed to ensure that its business at the 
international level is characterized by the principles of sound and prudent management as well 
as by rigorous internal control procedures. 
From time to time the Bank receives and enacts as necessary the aforementioned group policies 
that concern various aspects – among which mainly the credit business, cost management, 
recourse to outsourcing and personnel management – in the awareness that this contributes to 
the highest levels of efficiency and security in managing the company’s business, and 
consistently with the focus on the Italian market brought by the parent company Deutsche Bank 
AG as part of its own business at the international level. 
Agreements on the Control of the Issuer  
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no agreements in operation of which may result 
a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
    
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES  
Financial Information Subject to Audit related to the Last Two Financial Years  
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 were certified 
by the audit firm Mazars Italia S.p.A. The reports certifying these financial years are included 
in the respective financial statements.  
Financial Statements 
The binders of the statutory and consolidated financial statements closed as at December 31, 
2021 and 2022 and their relative attachments, including the audit firm’s certification report, are 
publicly available at the Issuer registered office, have been published on the website 
www.db.com/italia at the following link https://country.db.com/italia/chi-siamo/financial-
reports?language_id=3 and are incorporated via reference pursuant to Article 19 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 and Article 7, paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999, as 
subsequently amended. 
Audit of the Annual Financial Information for Past Fiscal Years  
Financial Information Subject to Audit  
The financial information for the fiscal years 2021 and 2022 was subject to certification by the 
audit firm Mazars Italia S.p.A.  
Indication of Other Information Contained in the Base Prospectus that is Reviewed by 
the Auditors 
Except for the figures from the statutory and consolidated financial statements, the Base 
Prospectus does not include figures or information subject to review by the audit firm.  
Financial Figures Contained in the Document That Might Not Be Drawn from the Issuer’s 
Financial Statements Subject to Audit  
The financial figures contained in the Base Prospectus were drawn from the Issuer’s financial 
statements that were subject to audit, unless otherwise indicated.  
Date of the Last Financial Information  
The statutory and consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 contain the last 
financial information approved by the Issuer’s shareholder meeting, made available to the 
public, and posted on the website www.db.com/italia.  
Interim Financial Information and other Financial Information  
There is no interim financial information available subsequent to that drawn from the statutory 
and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year closed December 31, 2022.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus in the last 12 months, the Issuer has no pending 
administrative, legal, or arbitration proceedings which in the Issuer’s opinion may have or have 
had in the recent past significant repercussions on the capital, economic, or financial situation, 
or on its profitability, in the last 12 months.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
    
With respect to existing litigation as of December 31, 2021, prudential provisions were set aside 
in the consolidated financial statement closed on this same date in the amount of EUR 16,7 
million (relative to ordinary litigation, including revocatory actions, in the performance of 
banking business and the provision of investment services and complementary dealings), that 
are imputed to the Issuer.  
Select Financial Information on the Issuer  
The Issuer – whose capital stock consists of 159.749.610 ordinary shares at a par value of EUR 
2,58 each – earned a net profit for the fiscal year 2022 of EUR 258,5 million, of which EUR 
12,9 million was imputed to the legal reserve, EUR 8,2 million was withheld for the coupon 
payment of the Additional Tier 1 capital instrument, EUR 149,9 million was distributed to 
shareholders and the remainder of EUR 87,4 million was carried forward. 
After the profit distribution approved at the April 26, 2023 shareholder meeting and the coupon 
payment of the Additional Tier 1 capital instrument (on April 30th 2023), the Issuer’s net equity 
amounts to EUR 2.175 million, of which EUR 412,2 million is the capital stock, EUR 3,5 
million are the treasury shares and 145 million is the Additional Tier 1 capital instrument. 
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL FIGURES FOR THE DEUTSCHE BANK S.P.A. GROUP 
(Consolidated Figures)  
The following table summarizes the most important capital solvency indicators for the Deutsche 
Bank S.p.A. Group relative to the fiscal years closed December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
Audited 
Audited 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3.688 
3.376 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
209 
192 
a) financial assets held for trading 
173 
54 
b) financial assets designated at FV 
                   -  
                   -  
c) other financial assets mandatory at FVTPL 
36 
138 
Financial assets at ammortized cost 
24.852 
25.508 
a) due from banks 
3.736 
5.182 
b) loans to customers 
21.116 
20.326 
Hedging derivatives 
4 
16 
Financial Investments 
13 
9 
Property and equipment 
228 
257 
Intangible assets of which: 
33 
39 
- goodwill 
                  -  
                  -  
Tax assets 
305 
360 
a) current 
118 
100 
b) deferred 
187 
260 
Other assets 
867 
756 
Total assets 
30.199 
30.513

--- Page 121 ---
121 
    
Liabilities and equity 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 
 
Audited 
Audited 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
  
 
Financial liabilities at ammortized cost 
26.848 
27.603 
a) due to banks 
11.096 
10.312 
b) due to customers 
15.560 
17.288 
c) securities issued 
192 
3 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
171 
67 
Hedging derivatives 
                  -  
6 
Tax liabilities 
1 
2 
b) deferred 
                   1  
                   2  
Other liabilities 
687 
537 
Employee termination indemnities 
11 
14 
Allowances for risks and charges 
148 
183 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
23 
42 
b) post employment benefits 
1 
13 
c) other allowances 
124 
128 
Accumuluted other comprehensive income, net of  
tax 
                    2  
                   -  
Equity instruments 
145 
145 
Reserves 
1.186 
 
1.180 
Additional paid-in capital 
332 
332 
Common shares 
412 
412 
Common shares in Treasury (-) 
-4 
-4 
Net income (loss) 
260 
36 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
30.199 
30.513 
 
 
 
 
Year 2022 
Year 2021 
 
Audited 
Audited 
(in millions of €) 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest and similar income 
617 
541 
of which: interest-income calculated with the effective 
interest method 
399 
397 
Interest and similar expense 
-72 
-63 
Interest margin 
545 
478 
Fee and commission income 
440 
639 
Fee and commission expense 
-64 
-206 
Net fee and commission income 
376 
433 
Dividend and similar income 
1 
1 
Profits (Losses) on trading 
20 
9

--- Page 122 ---
122 
    
Fair value adjustments in hedge accounting 
                    -  
                    -  
Profits (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of: 
-27 
6 
a) financial assets at ammortized cost 
-6 
6 
d) financial liabilities 
-21 
                    -  
Profits (Losses) of other financial assets and 
liabilities at FVTPL: 
-27 
19 
b) other financial assets mandatory at FVTPL 
-27 
19 
Net interest and other banking income 
888 
946 
Net losses/recoveries on credit risk regading: 
-121 
-117 
a) financial assets at ammortized cost 
-121 
-116 
Gains/losses from contract changes without 
cancellations 
                   -  
-1 
Net income from banking activities 
767 
829 
Net income from banking and insurance activities 
767 
829 
Administrative expenses: 
-665 
-734 
a) personnel expenses 
-301 
-371 
b) other administrative expenses 
-364 
-363 
Net provisions for risks and charges: 
-8 
-6 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
-1 
-4 
b) Other net provisions 
-7 
-2 
Net adjustments to/recoveries on property and 
equipment 
-42 
-53 
Net adjustments to/recoveries on intangible assets 
-9 
-13 
Other operating expenses (income) 
-17 
0 
Operating expenses 
-741 
-806 
Gains (Losses) on disposal of equity investments 
2 
                    -  
Gains (Losses) on disposal of investments 
                    -  
2 
Income (Loss) before tax from continuing 
operations 
28 
25 
Taxes on income from continuing operations 
-51 
11 
Income (Loss) after tax from continuing 
operations 
-23 
 
36 
Income (Loss) after tax from discontinued 
operations 
                 283  
 
                    -  
Net income (loss) 
260 
36 
Minority interests 
                   -  
                    -  
Parent company’s net income (loss) 
260 
36 
Basic E/(L) PS – Euro 
1,7 
0,24 
Diluted E/(L) PS – Euro 
1,7 
0,24

--- Page 123 ---
123 
    
 
Table 1 – Regulatory Capital and Capital Ratios (Individual Figures) 
As of December 31, 2022, DB S.p.A. reported at individual level a Total Capital Ratio of 
12.47% against the required minimum of 10,50%, and a Tier one capital ratio of 9,95% against 
the required minimum of 8,50%. 
 
CONSOLIDATED FIGURES 
Fiscal Year 
2022 
2021 
TIER ONE CAPITAL RATIO (Tier one capital/ risk-weighted assets) 
9,95% 
10,55% 
TOTAL CAPITAL RATIO (Guarantee capital/ risk-weighted assets) 
12,47% 
12,55% 
CORE TIER ONE CAPITAL RATIO 
9,25% 
9,80% 
AMOUNT OF RISK WEIGHTED ASSETS (in millions of EUR) 
20.656 
19.328 
TOTAL REGULATORY CAPITAL (in millions of EUR) 
2.576 
2.426 
Tier One capital 
2.056 
2.039 
Tier Two capital 
520 
387 
 
Below is a list of the main credit risk indicators for the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group in the 
fiscal years closed December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 
Table 2 – Principal Credit Risk Indicators (consolidated figures) 
 
CONSOLIDATED FIGURES 
 Fiscal Year  
2022 
2021 
Gross impaired assets/Gross exposure of accounts receivable 
4,77% 
4,61% 
Net impaired assets/Accounts receivable 
2,34% 
1,89% 
Gross non-performing assets/ Gross exposure of accounts receivable 
1,83% 
2,24% 
Net non-performing assets/Accounts receivable 
0,28% 
0,41%

--- Page 124 ---
124 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLER 
See “Description of the Issuer” section.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the Covered Bonds 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 11 January 2012 as a limited 
liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT number, Fiscal Code number and 
registration number with the Treviso Register of Enterprises No.04497970261. The Guarantor 
was initially incorporated under the name “SPV Covered Bond S.r.l.” and changed its name 
into “DB Covered Bond S.r.l.” by resolution of the meeting of the Guarantor Quotaholders held 
on 25 May 2012. The Guarantor has a duration until 31 December 2100 (period that could be 
extended). 
On 5 June 2012, the Bank of Italy authorised the purchase by the Issuer of 90 per cent of the 
quota capital of the Guarantor; such purchase took place on 13 June 2012. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Conegliano (TV), Via Vittorio Alfieri, No. 1, Italy 
and the telephone number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926. The authorised, issued 
and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000. 
Website 
The Guarantor’s website is https://www.securitisation-services.com/en/reports/transaction/db-
covered-bond-s-r-l  
The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier  
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 529900Y3O6X652Z2AN33.  
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables 
and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with article 7-bis of 
Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted or 
guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued 
by such banks or other entities. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the 
ancillary transactions for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful 
conclusion of the issue of banking covered bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary 
to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in other financial activities of the assets 
deriving from the management of the credits and the securities purchased, but not immediately 
invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged and will not engage in any 
business other than the purchase of the Receivables from the Seller and the issue of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
    
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a Board of Directors, composed by three members 
reappointed on March 16, 2021 by the Quotaholders’ meeting for the fiscal years 2021, 2022 
and 2023. Their mandate will expire on the date of the Quotaholders’ meeting called to approve 
the financial statement as of December 31, 2023.  
The current members of the Board of Directors are listed below. 
 
Member 
Office held within the Issuer 
Emanuela Maria Giusti  
Chairman and Managing Director 
Frigerio Augusto 
Board of Directors Member  
Paolo Gabriele 
Board of Directors Member 
The board members are all domiciled for the purposes of their office at the Guarantor’s 
registered office.  
The main offices held by board members in companies other than the Issuer or companies 
belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group are listed below. 
 
Member 
Company 
Office 
 
 
 
 
Emanuela Maria Giusti  
 
Oasis Securitisations S.r.l. 
Trust Asclepio (DB S.p.A.) 
 
Board of Directors Member 
Board of Directors Member 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Paolo Gabriele 
Finanziaria Internazionale 
Investments SGR S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Florence SPV S.r.l. 
Sole Administrator 
 
IFIS NPL 2021-1 S.r.l. 
Chairman and Managing 
Director 
 
SPK OBG S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
Consumer Three S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
Beltanio Funding S.r.l. 
Board of Directors Member 
 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
Estense CPT Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
Desio OBG S.r.l. 
HVL Bolzano S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
Managing Director 
Sole Administrator

--- Page 127 ---
127 
    
Member 
Company 
Office 
Credem CB S.r.l. 
 
Sella CB S.r.l. 
Chairman and Managing 
Director 
Sole Administrator 
 
Frigerio Augusto   
 
Fiduciaria S. Andrea S.r.l. 
 
Board of Directors Member 
 
 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors have not been appointed yet as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
External Auditor 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, Via Ceresio, No. 7, Italy, was 
reappointed as independent audit firm of the Guarantor for the year 2023, 2024 and 2025 by 
the Quotaholders meeting of March 15, 2023 Mazars Italia S.p.A. is registered under the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general 
accounting office.  
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Guarantor’s 
Board of Directors and their private interests or other duties or role held within the Deutsche 
Bank S.p.A. Group itself. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided into quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the Quotaholders) are as follows: 
DB S.p.A. 90 per cent of the quota capital; 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 10 per cent of the quota capital. 
The Guarantor is subject to the activity of direction and coordination, pursuant to Article 2497 
of the Italian Civil Code, of DB S.p.A. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia a call option and a put option in favour of DB 
S.p.A. to purchase from, or sell to, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l., the quota 
of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and provisions in 
relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from the day 
on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will 
approve the payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor 
prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any 
amount due to the other Secured Creditors have been paid in full. Please also see section 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Quotaholders’ Agreement” below.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
    
No material litigation 
Since the date of the incorporation of the Guarantor, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings 
of such kind, which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial 
position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial 
Position, and Profits and Losses  
The Guarantor has drawn up its second financial statements as of December 31st, 2022. 
Financial key figures are as follows: 
 
• 
net equity eur 12.000 
• 
thereof net P/L (profit and loss) result eur zero 
• 
liquidity held in c/c with banks eur 42.266 
• 
other payables eur 38.538 
• 
net income commission eur 81.932 
• 
operating expenses eur 81.509 
 
As to the composition of the ring fenced assets (mortgage loans) the statement of the financial 
position as of December 31st, 2022 may be summarized as follows (figures are in Euro): 
 
• 
Mortgage loans eur 3.300.957.759 • Liquidity held with banks eur 247.566.959 • 
Remaining other assets eur 21.533.458 
• 
Total assets eur 3.570.241.951 
• 
Subordinated loans eur 3.576.897.053 • Remaining other liabilities eur 11.432.356 • 
Total liabilities eur 3.588.329.409 
 
Profit and loss accounts key figures are as follows (in Euro): 
 
• 
Interest income on loans eur 69.465.592 
• 
asset swap - net expenses eur 29.559.302 
• 
subordinated loan - interest expense eur (76.393.142) 
• 
commissions / fees paid to Servicer eur (3.387.781 other remaining operating costs eur 
(6.962.884) 
• 
net result eur (13.176.553 ) 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
DB S.p.A. has a quota of Euro 9,000.00 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
has a quota of Euro 1,000.00 each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, the Guarantor 
has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or

--- Page 129 ---
129 
    
created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, 
mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor 
to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled 
with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant 
to Legislative Decree no. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the related regulations issued by the 
Ministry for Economy and Finance and shall not be the audit firm of the Issuer or of the 
Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed 
also to the statutory auditors of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a company 
incorporated under the laws of Italy, having its registered office in Milan, Viale Abruzzi, 94, 
with fiscal code, VAT number and enrolment with the Companies Register of Milan under 
number 07722780967 and enrolled under the Register of Certified Auditors held by the 
Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 167911, as initial 
asset monitor (the Asset Monitor) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, (a) the 
fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under Decree No. 310 with respect to the Eligible 
Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (b) the arithmetical accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the 
compliance with the limits set out in Decree No. 310 with respect to covered bonds issued and 
the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool as determined in the 
Mandatory Test;; (c) the compliance with the limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets set out 
under Decree No. 310 and BoI Regulations; and (d) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
The engagement letter is or will be in line with the provisions of the BoI Regulations in relation 
to the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor to the Statutory Auditors 
Board of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Furthermore, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into between, inter alios, the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, dated on or about the Initial Issue Date (the Asset Monitor Agreement), the 
Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the 
Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, to conduct independent tests in respect of the 
calculations performed by the Calculation Agent for the Tests, as applicable on a semi-annual 
basis with a view to verifying the compliance of the Cover Pool with such tests. 
The Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that all information 
provided to it by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of conducting such tests is true and 
correct and not misleading in any material respect, and is not required to conduct a test or 
otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy of any such information. The results of the tests

--- Page 131 ---
131 
    
conducted by the Asset Monitor will be delivered to the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor, the 
Issuer, the Servicer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the Guarantor may, at any time, but subject 
to the prior written consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, terminate the 
appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 3 (three) months’ prior written notice to 
the Asset Monitor, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a 
substitute asset monitor has been found by the Issuer or the Guarantor (such substitute asset 
monitor to be approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) which agrees to 
perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 6 (six) months’ (or such shorter 
period as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, provided that such resignation will not take effect unless and until a substitute 
asset monitor has been found by the Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the Guarantor 
(such substitute asset monitor to be approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset 
Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and 
expenses to the Asset Monitor and the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the 
Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool consists of (i) the Initial Receivables, originated by the Seller and to be 
transferred to the Guarantor according to the Master Transfer Agreement, which, in turn, 
consists of receivables arising from Mortgage Loans only (the initial portfolio is composed of 
mortgage loans backed by Italian residential assets. Each Mortgage Loan in the portfolio has 
been selected in accordance with the Mortgage Loan General Criteria described in the 
Prospectus and the Specific Criteria that have attached to the offer for sale of the initial 
portfolio), and will include (ii) any Subsequent Receivables comprising Eligible Assets, which 
may consist of residential mortgage loans, and/or Integration Assets, assigned from time to time 
to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The Initial Receivables and any Subsequent Receivables, respectively, comply and will comply 
with the requirements of article 7 bis of the Law 130. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Receivables consist of Mortgage Loans transferred 
by the Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, 
as more fully described under “Description of the Transaction Documents – Master Transfer 
Agreement”. 
For the purposes hereof: 
ABS means securities issued in the framework of securitisations having as underlying assets 
Mortgage Loans or Public Assets, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the MEF 
Decree. 
Eligible Assets means the Mortgage Loans, the Public Assets and the ABS. 
Initial Receivables means the first portfolio of Eligible Assets transferred by the Sellers to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Mortgage Loans means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) 
pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree. 
Public Assets means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, any receivables 
owned or securities issued by, or having the benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk 
mitigation granted by: 
(a) Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, located within 
an Eligible State for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance 
with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach; and 
(b) Public Entities, located outside an Eligible State, for which a 0% risk weight is applicable 
in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised 
approach – or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside an Eligible State, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable 
in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks - standardised 
approach, 
provided that the Public Assets may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate nominal 
value of the Cover Pool and further provided that such limit may be temporarily exceeded if 
necessary in order to cure a breach of Tests. 
Public Entities has the meaning ascribed to such term in article 2, letter (c) of MEF Decree.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
    
Receivables means collectively the Initial Receivables and any other Subsequent Receivables 
which has been purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Subsequent Receivables means the further portfolios of Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets, transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement 
(other than deposits with banks residing in Eligible States pursuant to Article 2, para. 3 of the 
MEF Decree). 
The Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant 
to the Master Transfer Agreement will meet the following criteria on each relevant Transfer 
Date: 
1. 
The Mortgage Loans General Criteria  
Receivables arising from building and land mortage loans (mutui ipotecari e mutui 
fondiari) which, as at the Evaluation Date (inclusive), met all the following criteria 
(except as otherwise specified): 
1. 
loans classified as building and land mortage loans (mutui ipotecari and mutui 
fondiari); 
2. 
loans secured by way of a mortgage on residential immovable property where 
the ratio beween the loan amount and the value of the security (determined as 
at the date of the financing agreement) is equal to or less than 80%; 
3. 
loans having as their main debtors one or more natural persons (persone 
fisiche) (SAE Code 600/614/615), at least one of which resides in Italy as at 
the date of disbursement of the loan; 
4. 
loans which have been fully drawn (even if not in a single tranche) or which 
arise from the fractioning in amounts of a previous loan and in relation to which 
there is no obligation or possibility to make additional drawdowns; 
5. 
loans secured by way of a mortgage on residential immovable property located 
in the Republic of Italy in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has passed as at the or 
prior to the Evaluation Date;  
6. 
loans for which at least one instalment has matured and has been repaid; 
7. 
loans governed by Italian law; 
8. 
loans denominated in Euro (or drawn in a different currency and subsequently 
re-denominated in Euro); 
9. 
loans secured by a first mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado economico), i.e.: 
(a) 
a first legal mortgage; or 
(b) 
a mortgage ranking in priority immediately after a first legal mortgage 
in respect of which:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
    
(A) 
the relevant lender has consented in writing to the cancellation 
of the first legal mortgage(s); or 
(B) 
the obligations secured by the first legal mortgage have been 
fully satisfied;  
10. 
loans secured by a first mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado economico) over 
immovable property which has already been completed (i.e. which is not in 
construction). 
Receivables arising from mortgage loans which, at the Evaluation Date, comply with 
the criteria listed above are excluded (save as provided otherwise) where, as at the 
Evaluation Date such loans: 
11. 
have been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), public consortiums 
(consorzi pubblici) or ecclesiastical entities (enti ecclesiastici); 
12. 
are classified as agricultural mortgages (mutui agrari) or fishing mortgages 
(mutui pescherecci) pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act; 
13. 
have been drawn pursuant to any law (including regional law) that envisages 
subsidies or allowances on principal or interest (i.e. loans at preferential rates 
(mutui agevolati o convenzionati); 
14. 
have been wholly or partially funded by third parties (including by facilitation 
entities (enti agevolanti)). 
2. 
The Public Assets General Criteria 
Receivables arising from Public Assets: 
Each of the Receivables arising from the Public Assets which are loans granted to, or 
guaranteed by, the public entities indicated in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c), of the 
MEF Decree shall comply with the following criteria set out under Article 2, paragraph 
1, lett. (c) of the MEF Decree, being a receivable whose debtors or guarantors (pursuant 
to a “guarantee valid for the purpose of credit risk mitigation” (garanzia valida ai fini 
della mitigazione del rischio di credito), as defined by Article 1, paragraph 1, lett. h) 
of the MEF Decree) are: 
(a) public administrations of Eligible States, including therein any ministerial bodies 
and local or regional bodies (enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities 
and other public bodies, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable 
in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – 
standardised approach;  
(b) public administrations of States other than Eligible States for which a risk weight 
not exceeding 0% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential 
regulations for Banks – standardised approach,  
(c) municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic 
activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Eligible States 
for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – standardised approach, 
provided that, the aggregate of the receivables described under item b) and c) above 
may be included in the Portfolios only up to a limit of 10% of the nominal value of the 
residual debt of the other Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
    
Each of the Public Assets which are the securities issued or guaranteed by the public 
entities indicated in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c), of the MEF Decree shall meet the 
following characteristics set out under Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the MEF 
Decree: 
(a) securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of the Eligible States, 
including therein any ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies (enti pubblici 
territoriali), national or local entities and other public bodies, for which a risk 
weight not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s 
prudential regulations for Banks – standardised approach; or 
(b) securities issued or guaranteed by public administrations of States other than 
Eligible States, for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – standardised approach; or  
(c) securities issued or guaranteed by municipalities and national or local public bodies 
not carrying out economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States 
other than Eligible States, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable 
in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – 
standardised approach, 
provided that, the aggregate of the securities described under item b) and c) above may 
be included in the Portfolios only up to a limit of 10% of the nominal value of the 
residual debt of the other Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio. 
3. 
 The ABS General Criteria 
Receivables arising from ABS: 
Each of the Receivables arising from asset backed securities issued in the context of 
securitisation transactions shall comply with the following criteria set out under Article 
2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the MEF Decree:  
(i) the relevant securitised receivables comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95%, 
loans and securities referred to under Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), (b) and (c) of the 
MEF Decree;  
(ii) the relevant asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 
20% in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – 
standardised approach.  
“General Criteria” means the Mortgage Loans General Criteria and/or the Public 
Assets General Criteria and/or the ABS General Criteria. 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the Receivables to be 
included in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in Schedule 1 to 
the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial Receivables and in the relevant Offer for 
the Subsequent Receivables. 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
    
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
The following is a summary of the Bank’s (as defined below) standard Credit and Collection 
Policies applied to mortgage to private individuals’ portfolio in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Origination and Underwriting 
The mortgage loans to private individual underlying the Covered Bond were originated by DB 
S.p.A.  
The production sources for the relevant loans were: the approximately 337 branches across Italy 
of DB S.p.A.; the about 1.500 financial advisors of Finanza & Futuro Banca network; the DB 
Easy network (with another 121 Consumer finance centers); the cooperation partner 
BancoPosta SpA, approximately 14.000 point of sales across Italy. 
In addition, a strict delegation of credit authority and a “four eyes” principle are applied.  
The credit underwriting process is managed by the Sale channels, a unique Processing Centre 
for Mortgage loans (based in Naples, “CPN”) and the centralised Credit Risk Management 
(“CRM”) Macro Function.  
Fundamental principles aimed at managing the credit risk are: 
– 
Loans should be granted in line with the customers capacity and willingness to repay  
– 
Any extension of credit to any borrower must be approved by duly authorized 
individuals or bodies 
– 
Credit authorities are assigned as personal credit authorities according to individual 
qualification, experience and training and are reviewed periodically 
– 
The customer must be deemed trustworthy 
– 
The purpose of credit must be plausible 
– 
The loan or customer relationship may not result in damage of the bank’s reputation 
Delegation of Credit Authority and “Four Eyes” Principle  
All credit approvals are executed on the basis of the “four eyes” principle, i.e. the credit 
application is sponsored by a business unit; the credit decision is under the responsibility of 
CRM or of the Business function (according to the credit application risk profile).  
Credit approvals are executed on the basis of the “four eyes” principle, i.e. sponsorship from a 
relationship manager and a credit analyst with the required authority.  
The level at which a loan may be approved depends on the credit limits of the credit authority 
and the loan’s risk characterisation. Credit authorities are: personal authorities review 
periodically, delegated by CRM to relationship managers, CPN and CRM analysts, in line with 
qualification and experience of each person.   
Underwriting Process

--- Page 137 ---
137 
    
The current underwriting criteria of the Bank are set out in the “PBC Credit Process Guide”, 
specifically integrated by the “Credit manual for mortgage loans secured by real estates to 
individuals” and by the “Key Operating Procedures for the Naples Processing Centre – 
Mortgage loans”.  
The Credit manual for mortgage loans secured by real estates to individuals defines the 
underwriting process and the instructions and rules to be followed for the credit evaluation of 
the application. This document describes the credit decision underwriting process, determining 
the decision level entitled to take the final decision according to a combination of PD Rating, 
Business Rules (determining the integrated evaluation level) and exposure calculation.  
In addition, it defines the required characteristics of the applicants, the thresholds for specific 
variables related to the products (e.g. maximum tenor, maximum loan amount, max Loan To 
Value, max Debt To Income); the requested documentation related to the applicants, guarantors 
and to the real estate collateral.  
For the approval of a mortgage loan, the following document are generally required: purchase 
agreement; excerpt from the Land registry; documents confirming the creditworthiness 
(income, tax assessment notice, salary statement, etc).  
The Key Operating Procedures for the Naples Processing Centre – Mortgage loans defines the 
operating and managing processes related to the Naples Processing Centre, describing the units 
/ teams / roles of the Processing Centre and their specific activities.  
The application process is driven by a specific workflow for mortgage loan products, applying 
the appropriate application rating model, the related credit rules and send the application to the 
competent Authority Level entitled to take the final decision.  
Data collection and Front End Feeding  
The sale channel operator describes to potential Clients the mortgage loan set proposed in order 
to find out the product suitable (e.g. tenor, interest rate type) for the applicant’s financial needs.  
Once the mortgage loan proposition is identified, the applicants and the guarantors have to 
deliver the required documentation, in order to prepare loan application. The sale channel 
operator verifies the effectiveness of the identity documentation and the completeness and 
correctness of the other documents.  
Moreover, the operator uploads the application data to the system. At the end of the uploading 
activity, the sale channel operator submits the loan application document to the applicants and 
eventually guarantors for the signature.  
Three steps process for the Credit Authority Level assignment  
When the application is submitted, the system scores the loan applications based on a 
combination of PD Rating, Business Rules (determining the integrated evaluation level) and 
exposure calculation  
1. 
PD rating: it is assigned according to specific modules (customer data, application data, 
credit bureau information); the PD rating is defined as a function of a rating score and 
represents the probability of default (90 days past due) of the applicant in a one-year 
period.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
    
In case the mortgage is jointly requested by many obligors, the score engine calculates 
the applicant PD Rating for each single obligor using both individual data (e.g. years 
at address) and aggregated data (e.g. net income). Once the engine obtains the applicant 
PD Rating for all obligors, it associates the best one to the application, determining the 
application PD Rating.  
No manual override of the application PD Rating is possible.  
2. 
A specific set of Business Rules is associated to the mortgage product type and 
automatically checked by the system. The Business rules are warning indicators 
detecting exceptions to credit rules or product characteristics, implying a higher 
potential risk and therefore implying a higher credit authority level.  
Based on the first and second step, a risk level varying from A1 to A6 (the riskiest 
level) is associated to the application. The Integrated Evaluation Level of the mortgage 
loan application is determined as the highest risk level between the application PD 
rating and the Business Rules.  
3. 
Exposure Calculation Module considers the current exposure of the customer towards 
Deutsche Bank, divided into: Credit Application, Direct Cumulated Exposure and 
Indirect Credit Exposure (guarantees received by Deutsche Bank from a customer for 
credit lines granted to another subject).  
The last step of this process is the integration of the information provided by the Integrated 
Evaluation Level with the one originated by the Exposure Calculation Module (ECM). The 
combination of the Integration Evaluation Level and Exposure Calculation Module is mapped 
into a matrix from which stems the Credit Authority Level.  
Once the Credit Authority Level has been determined, the user can have an overview of the 
application in a Credit Report supporting the Credit Officer in taking the appropriate credit 
decision.  
Pre-feasibility assessment  
The pre-feasibility assessment is performed by a Credit Analyst of CPN. In case of positive 
evaluation:  loan applications with higher credit authority level are sent to CRM for the pre-
feasibility final decision; otherwise, the loan is considered approved. 
The three possible outcomes of the pre-feasibility assessment are: refusal, approval and 
inhibition.  
In case of Refusal related to negative characteristics of the application, the process must be 
stopped and the application rejected with relevant reason of refusal.  
In case of Approval the application has been considered compliant with the credit criteria and 
the approval process can proceed.  
After the positive result of the pre-feasibility assessment, the requests for the preliminary notary 
documentation to the Public Notary (a public official) and for the real estate collateral 
assessment to an external real estate company (which contacts the real estate collateral owner 
to visit the collateral) are activated.  
In case of Inhibition, the mortgage loan application is considered incomplete or subject to 
modifications. The application has to be updated or reworked according to CPN remarks by the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
    
relevant sale channel operator. This activity has to be performed with a direct contact with the 
customers. Every modification or adjustment must be signed again by customers. In case the 
customer does not accept the remarks proposed by the Bank, the request must be declined.  
Data documentation delivery to CPN   
Given the pre-feasibility approval, the customer is informed that the request can proceed. The 
customer has to prepare all the required documentation (e.g. the official documentation about 
the income or concerning his / her occupation prepared by the employer) necessary for 
mortgage loan evaluation.  
The documentation is provided through the sale channel to PCC Services Naples Processing 
Centre (CPN) where an Analyst carries out a check and analysis, mainly, in terms of data 
completeness and compared to the information provided in Front End during the feasibility 
assessment (i.e. income statement).  
Collateral Evaluation Process  
For applications with a positive pre-feasibility assessment, the CPN requests to external 
providers the real estate collateral appraisal, throughout a dedicated web-platform.  
Once the documentation has been received by CPN, the Analyst has to analyse the appraisal, 
confirm the value (or request further explanation or a new appraisal to control the plausibility) 
and manage the activities related to the collateral management system.  
The valuation of collateral is determined in policies and local guidelines in accordance with DB 
Group policies.  
The value of collateral is calculated as the market value, representing the exchange value, i.e. 
the amount a real estate would pay, if it was for sale on the (free) market at the valuation date.  
Real estate collateral assessment is performed by external providers, selected by CRM based 
on several eligibility criteria, regularly reviewed. In particular, the providers are in line with the 
“Guidelines for the evaluation of real estate properties used as collaterals for credit exposures” 
issued by Italian Banking Association in 2010, and voluntarily signed by DB S.p.A. in April 
2011.  
Credit decision  
When the application is complete, the CPN Analyst sends the application to the relevant 
Approver who can alternatively:   
• 
refuse the loan;  
• 
suspend the final decision, waiting for additional clarifications on documentation 
presented; 
• 
approve the loan application (even provided that particular conditions are met before 
the disbursement, e.g. payment of other existing loans).  
If case the application is approved, the loan is disbursed by a specific CPN analyst after the 
following activities: the automatic definition of the instalment plan; the communication to the 
notary of the final data for the mortgage loan contract; the preparation of information necessary 
for final contract (loan contract and mortgage contract for the real estate collateral).

--- Page 140 ---
140 
    
The signature of the official contract is done in front of a notary (who is a Public Official) by 
the bank representative, applicants and guarantors.  
Data storage and documentation archive  
Along the whole credit process, the information are archived in order to allow to replicate the 
credit decision with the original data, if required.  
After disbursement and quality assurance controls on final documentation sent by Public 
Notary, the whole dossier, including final copy of public contract and mortgage guarantee 
registration is sent to an external company, for the scanning activities. All the documents are 
so available on a dedicated website, in pdf format for further controls and activities.   
Portfolio Management Process 
The portfolio is monitored regularly regarding client quality, delinquency ratios, loan loss 
provisions as well as periodical value control of real estates (regular statistical re-evaluation 
based on external provider market data about comparable sales of real estate, in the same area 
and with similar characteristics; the relevant database is updated twice a year).  
In case of necessity, specific and focused analysis are performed on the mortgage loans 
portfolio and on its sub-portions.  
Quality Control 
The Private and Business Clients Divisions are subject to intensive periodic unscheduled audits 
regarding compliance with the Banks’ standing policies and guidelines, as well as regulatory 
requirements. 
Four units are responsible for checking the compliance with policies and procedures: Credit 
Policies & Quality Assurance CRM and Operational Risk Management, Asset Quality Review 
and Internal Audit Department.  
Quality Assurance 
The CRM defines the quality assurance strategies, approves the related guidelines, while the 
Business performs the controls.  
CRM Credit Policies & Quality Assurance reviews samples of loans. The samples are selected 
based on main risk drivers defined by CRM.  
Moreover, systematic verifications of business approved loans are performed by plausibility 
checks including data quality and conformity with the guidelines.  
Data integrity check, credit process adherence analysis, review of loan documentation accuracy 
and collateral information are the main tasks of QA.  
Conclusions of the reviews regularly communicated to the Business and Process Areas, CRM 
Management, ORM Management through quarterly meetings where QA report is presented.  
Asset Quality Review

--- Page 141 ---
141 
    
The Asset Quality Review Function (AQR) PBC is an independent review function, which 
carries out periodic reviews on all regional and product portfolios. The review cycle is generally 
between 1 and 3 years. AQR PBC’s primary objectives are to ensure that 
• 
credit risks are proactively identified, risk rating and loan loss assessments are accurate 
and timely, 
• 
credit policies and strategies are complete and appropriate, 
• 
credit processes and procedures - as they affect credit quality - meet industry best 
practices and senior management expectations, 
• 
Senior Management has an overview of the risks associated with the Banks’ various 
PBC portfolios. 
Internal Audit 
An audit comprises a risk-based review of systems, procedures and controls implemented for a 
specific product or functional area. Appropriate audit testing is performed on a risk-oriented 
basis. Generally, audits include integrated evaluation of all operational components and 
appropriate IT applications owned by the audited unit. 
Group Audit’s dynamic audit plan is based on a top-down risk assessment process performed 
at least annually and constantly updated. Audit coverage is determined by the resulting Audit 
Approach Indicator, which determines the audit intensity for all auditable areas each year. There 
are four levels of audit approach (A-D), whereby the audit approach concept is cumulative:  
• 
Audit Approach A (least intensive) – Continous Audit Assessment (CAA) and Risk 
Assessment Process update, where necessary.  
• 
Audit Approach B – Evaluation of the design and operating effectiveness of Monitoring 
Controls only.  
• 
Audit Approach C – Evaluation of the design effectiveness of Monitoring and 
Processing Controls plus the operating effectiveness of Monitoring Controls.  
• 
Audit Approach D (most intensive) – Evaluation of the design and operating 
effectiveness of Monitoring and Processing Controls. 
Arrears and Enforcement Procedures 
If a Borrower defaults on a due payment, the Bank starts the collection process according to the 
existing key operating procedures. 
The process is standardised with slight differences among the origination channel related to 
tasks and responsibilities or timing.  
CRM defines the collection and recovery strategies, approves the related guidelines, monitoring 
and controlling the recovery and collection process; while the Business performs directly or 
indirectly (e.g. external collectors) all the Collection, Recovery and legal activities related to 
the customers in arrears.  
The collection process is divided into three main phases:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
    
• 
Early collection: the core banking system trigger a communication to the client with 
one instalment in arrears, informing that he will be registered in the archives of “bad 
customers” in case of missing repayment and in parallel, a first contact attempt is made 
by the DB branches network or a phone collection agency depending on the sale 
channel. This phase is performed when the loan has one or two overdue instalments. 
• 
Middle collection: the loan is assigned to two different external collection agencies in 
subsequent dedicated collection phases. up to 5-6 overdue instalment.  
• 
Late collection: pre-legal activities are performed by external lawyer (the assignment 
to external lawyer can be anticipated in critical cases). This phase starts at the sixth 
overdue instalment with the aim to find an agreement for the repayment to cover the 
whole overdue. The Business can decide whether keeping on with this phase (extending 
the mandate to the external lawyer) or sending a termination letter to the client.  
The recovery process is split into the following main activities:  
• 
Letter of formal notice (messa in mora) sent to customer by the external lawyer with 
the aim of receiving payment or agreeing on a repayment plan. 
• 
Notice of order of payment (“Precetto”, by external law firms), formal communication 
by the external law firm to claim the whole amount due.  
• 
Session for parties appearance and expert witness (CTU, appointed by the Court), with 
the assessment and lodge of the real estate appraisal by CTU.  
• 
Auction and property assignment, through a decree of property conveyance by the 
Court. The number of auctions generally depends on property type and location; the 
average period between two auctions is one year.   
• 
Distribution includes the deposit of credit documentation by creditors (precisazione del 
credito), the assessment of distribution plan by external expert (delegato alla vendita) 
appointed by the Court, the session for distribution plan approval.  
• 
Amounts assignment to creditors, according to the order of payment (piano di riparto) 
by the Court.  
Although the collection and recovery process is standardized, specific cases can be managed 
with a customized approach.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
    
CREDIT STRUCTURE  
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor of either a Notice to Pay 
or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor. The 
Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay 
principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, 
as applicable, ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient 
to pay any interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets 
in respect of the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the 
purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a 
degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay, for the purpose of testing the asset 
coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks 
in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
(f) 
a Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash 
flow from Interest Available Funds, in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to 
the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed 
Amounts on the Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason. In this circumstance (and until a 
Guarantor Event of Default occurs and an Acceleration Notice is served), the Guarantor’s 
obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment Date. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents — Covered Bond Guarantee”, 
as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
 Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Seller and the Issuer must 
ensure that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests described below.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
    
See section “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement”. 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding (in accordance with the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms), the Seller and the Issuer shall procure on an ongoing basis and for 
the whole life of the Programme that each of the following tests is met: 
(a) 
the sum of a) the outstanding aggregate notional amount of the assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool b) the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts (in relation 
to the principal component only) shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate 
notional amount of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the Nominal Value Test); 
(b) 
the net present value of the Eligible Cover Pool (net of the transaction costs borne in 
relation to the Programme, the expected costs and any payments to be made or received 
by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap Agreements), also taking into 
consideration any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of 
the Mortgage Loans and not yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments, shall 
be at least equal to, or higher than, the net present value of the outstanding Covered 
Bonds (the NPV Test); 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover 
Pool, net of the costs borne in relation to the Programme, shall be at least equal to, or 
higher than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, taking 
also into account any hedging arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction 
(the Interest Coverage Test), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the Mandatory Tests). 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, shall verify compliance with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date (with 
reference to the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period) and on any other date 
on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal 
Value Test is deemed to be met if the Asset Coverage Test (as defined below) is met. Following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met 
if the Amortisation Test (as defined below) is met. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be 
tested from time to time, and at least half yearly, by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the 
provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme 
have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor,

--- Page 145 ---
145 
    
the Seller and the Issuer undertake to procure that on any Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the Tests are to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the Asset Coverage Test, and together with the Mandatory 
Tests, collectively, the Tests). 
For the purpose of calculating the Asset Coverage Test, Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount 
means an amount equal to 
A+B+C+D-Y-Z-W 
Where 
A is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) means the sum of the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool, which shall be the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan 
multiplied by M (where (a) for all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or 
not in arrears, M = 80 per cent.; (b) M=60 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 
three but less than six months in arrears, (c) M=40 per cent. for all Delinquent Receivables; and 
(d) M=0 per cent. for all Defaulted Receivables and (f) M=40 per cent. for all Renegotiated 
Loans)  
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period: 
(a) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor to the extent required by the terms of 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an Affected Loan). 
In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted 
Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected Loans (as calculated on 
the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period); and/or 
(b) 
the Seller, in any preceding Collection Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the Master Transfer Agreement and/or such Servicer was, in any 
preceding Collection Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. 
In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection 
Period) will be deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss 
incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Collection Period (such 
financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without double counting and 
to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller to 
indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a Breach Related 
Loss);

--- Page 146 ---
146 
    
AND 
(ii) means the aggregate Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Cover Pool minus the aggregate sum of any Breach Related Losses occurred during the 
previous Collection Period calculated as described under (i)(b) above. In relation to each 
Mortgage Loan the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance shall be the Asset Percentage 
(defined below) multiplied by {(the lower of (1) and (2)) minus (3)}, where: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated 
on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by N (where N = 1 for 
all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not in arrears, N = 60 
per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three but less than six months in 
arrears, N = 40 per cent. for all Delinquent Receivables, N = 0 per cent. for all Defaulted 
Receivables and N =40 per cent. for all Renegotiated Loans);  
(3) 
the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan if it is 
deemed to be an Affected Loan. 
B is equal to the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts at the end of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been applied as at the relevant 
Calculation Date to acquire further Receivables or otherwise applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments; 
C is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets (excluded 
those already accounted for under item B above) and/or Eligible Investments as at the end of 
the previous Collection Period; 
D is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Public Assets and ABS as at 
the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period, which will be reduced by a percentage 
based on a methodology commensurate with the then-current ratings of the Covered Bonds;  
Y is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount; 
Z is equal to the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding 
multiplied by the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by 
the Negative Carry Factor, and 
W is equal to the Potential Commingling Amount. 
Potential Commingling Amount means (i) nil, if the Issuer’s short term rating is at least P1 
by Moody’s otherwise (ii) 0,8% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover 
Pool, provided that if the Issuer’s short term rating assigned by Moody’s falls below P-2, the 
“Potential Commingling Amount” shall be credited in the Reserve Account. The Potential 
Commingling Amount will be equal to the maximum expected monthly collections of the 
Eligible Cover Pool in the upcoming 12 months plus 0,10% buffer and updated on a quarterly 
basis according to Moody’s methodology and after any transfer  of Loan Receivables. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any State 
which is a member of the European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United 
States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of 
Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardized approach) and enabled to carry out 
banking activity in Italy:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
    
a) 
whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated 
at least “P-3” by Moody’s, or long-term deposit rating are rated at least “Baa3” by 
Moody’s, or such other rating as may from time to time comply with Moody’s criteria, 
provided that, with respect to DB S.p.A., it shall be deemed to be an Eligible Institution 
if: (i) the rating requirements set out under this paragraph (a) above are met in respect of 
its controlling parent company, being DB AG; and (ii) the shareholding interest held in 
it by its controlling parent company does not fall below 90 per cent.; or 
b) 
whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are guaranteed 
by an entity whose short-term counterparty risk assessment is at least “P-3” by Moody’s 
or long-term counterparty risk assessment is at least “Baa3” by Moody’s. 
Potential Set-Off Amounts means (i) nil, if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt rating is at least P1 by Moody’s, or otherwise (ii) the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that could potentially be lost as a result of the 
relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any case will never be lower than 
the Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the Tests must be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, except when the Issuer’s short term rating is at least P1 by Moody’s. The 
Potential Set-Off Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of 
Receivables to the Guarantor. 
Set-Off Exposure means in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or on 
any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1-15%) 
and certificates of deposit, deposited by the Debtor with the Seller at the Transfer Date 
of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1-
15%) and certificates of deposit deposited by the Debtor with the Seller as at the 
relevant date minus the Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loans at 
the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Defaulted Receivables (Crediti in Sofferenza) means (i) receivables classified as defaulted in 
accordance with the provisions of the Bank of Italy supervisory regulation (Istruzioni di 
Viglilanza della Banca d’Italia) and (ii) receivables having at least eight (8) unpaid instalments. 
Delinquent Receivables (Crediti ad Incaglio) means receivables having at least six (6) unpaid 
instalments. 
Deposit Compensation means in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of  (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1-15%) 
and certificates of deposit deposited by the Debtor with the Seller at the Transfer Date 
of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1-
15%) and, certificates of deposit deposited by the Debtor with the Seller as at the 
relevant date minus an amount equal to the instalments due and paid under the relevant 
Mortgage Loan during the immediately preceding two months, and (b) zero; and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
    
(ii) 
the Compensation Threshold. 
Compensation Threshold means Euro 100,000.00 or the amount deemed appropriate 
according to Moody’s methodology. 
Negative Carry Factor means a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average 
margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.50 per cent. 
Renegotiated Loan means a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool whose relevant 
borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing Legislative Decree no. 185 of 29 November 2008, 
as converted into law through Law no. 2 of 28 January 2009, or under the renegotiation scheme 
for distressed borrowers signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009, 
during the suspension period or whose relevant borrower has requested a renegotiation in 
accordance with Law Decree no. 70 of 13 May 2011, or any other suspension of payment 
provided for by law or by agreement with the Seller, provided that the suspension of payment 
period is still ongoing at the Evaluation Date of the relevant portfolio of receivables transferred 
to the Guarantor. 
Asset Percentage on any Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test 
is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, shall be the lower of (i) 93%; (ii) such 
other percentage figure as determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor (after procuring 
the required level of overcollateralisation); and (iii) such other percentage figure as might be 
set out in the Italian legislative provision that shall be enacted in order to implement the 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision regulation, and notified 
using the pro forma notice attached under Schedule 3 (Notice of the Asset Percentage) of this 
Agreement, to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Calculation 
Agent and the Asset Monitor. Any adjustment of the Asset Percentage, from that previously 
notified, will appear from the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage as 
determined in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Asset Percentage will be published on the Investor Report to be delivered by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Seller and the Issuer will ensure that 
on each Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service 
of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice following the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or 
higher than the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the Amortisation Test). 
For the purpose of calculating the Amortisation Test the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount means an amount equal to A+B+C+D-Z 
Where: 
A is the lower of: 
(a) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M; and

--- Page 149 ---
149 
    
(b) 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M, where: for all the Mortgage Loans that are less 
than three months in arrears or not in arrears M = 100% for all the Mortgage Loans that 
are more than three but less than six months in arrears M=90% for all the Delinquent 
Receivables M = 85% and or for all the Defaulted Receivables M = 70%; 
B is equal to the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts at the end of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been applied as at the relevant 
Calculation Date to acquire further Receivables or otherwise applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments; 
C is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Integration Assets (excluded those 
already accounted for under item B above) and/or Eligible Investments as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
D is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Public Assets and ABS as at the end of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period, which will be reduced by a percentage based on 
a methodology deemed commensurate with the then-current ratings of the Covered Bonds; and 
Z is the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied 
by the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the 
Negative Carry Factor. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory 
Tests on each Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and on any other date on which the verification of 
the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents and shall inform the Representative of the Covered Bondholders if a breach of the 
Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Test has occurred. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal 
Value Test is deemed to be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
If a breach of the Amortisation Test, or of the Mandatory Tests, occurs then a Guarantor Event 
of Default shall occur and, upon being notified of the same time, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve an Acceleration Notice to the Guarantor declaring that a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless an Extraordinary Resolution is passed 
resolving otherwise. 
Required Reserve Amount 
Required Reserve Amount means, if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as 
the Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from time to time and otherwise, an amount which will be 
determined on each Payment Report Date and which will be equal to one-third of the estimate 
of the quarterly amount payable under items from (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment at the following Payment Report Date.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
    
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The following accounts shall be established and maintained with the Account Bank, or, as for 
the Quota Capital Account, with any other bank as may be appointed pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor. Find below a 
description of the deposits and withdrawals in respect of the accounts: 
(a) 
The Expense Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Expense Account. (A) On the Initial Issue Date the 
Expense Required Amount will be credited on the Expense Account; and (B) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expense 
Account in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the 
balance of such account equals the Expense Required Amount; 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Expense Account. (A) the Account Bank will use the 
funds standing to the credit of the Expense Account to make payments relating 
to any and all documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid 
pursuant to the instructions of the Corporate Servicer; and (B) at the end of any 
Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Expense 
Account, if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account. 
(b) 
The Quota Capital Account 
Payments into the Quota Capital Account. All the capital contributions of each 
quotaholder in the Guarantor and any interest accrued thereon are credited to the Quota 
Capital Account. 
(c) 
The Reserve Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Reserve Account. On each Guarantor Payment Date the 
Reserve Account will be credited with the proceeds of Interest Available Funds 
according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments for 
the purpose of setting aside, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the relevant 
Required Reserve Amount. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account.  
(A) 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the funds standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess 
of the Required Reserve Amount will be applied by the Cash Manager 
as Interest Available Funds according to the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
(B) 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will apply the 
funds standing to the Reserve Account according to the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
(C) 
At the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit 
balance of the Reserve Account, if any, will be transferred to the 
Transaction Account. 
(d) 
The Investment Account

--- Page 151 ---
151 
    
(i) 
Payments into the Investment Account. An account  on which (i) amounts 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account will be deposited and (ii) on 
each Liquidation Date, by 17.00 (Italian time), the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments, if any, during the 
preceding Collection Period, will be credited. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Investment Account.  
(A) 
The funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) 
will be used to make Eligible Investments in accordance with Clause 
6 (Duties of the Cash Manager) of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement; and  
(B) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit 
balance of the Investment Account and the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments during the 
preceding Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the 
Transaction Account. 
(e) 
The Securities Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Securities Account. Securities Account may be opened in 
the future, on such term to be agreed between the parties from time to time, on 
which all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased by the 
Account Bank with the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment 
Account, pursuant to any order of the Cash Manager, and all Eligible Assets 
and Integration Assets consisting of securities will be deposited.  
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Securities Account. (A) On each Liquidation Date, 
the Eligible Investments standing to the credit of the Securities Account will 
be liquidated and proceeds credited to the Investment Account; and (B) the 
Eligible Assets and Integration Assets consisting of securities will be 
liquidated in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
proceeds credited to the Investment Account promptly upon liquidation; and 
(C) at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the investments 
standing to the credit balance of the Securities Account, if any, will be 
transferred to the Investment Account. 
(f) 
The Transaction Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
On a daily basis by the end of the Business Day immediately following 
the relevant date of receipt, any principal and interest payment in 
relation to the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets part of the 
Cover Pool received by the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, will be deposited into the Transaction Account;  
(B) 
3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, any 
amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Swap Agreements will be credited to the Transaction 
Account, except for collateral to be credited to the Collateral Account, 
if any;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
    
(C) 
all other amounts paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction 
Documents including - for the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity 
paid by the Seller in accordance with the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement will be credited to the Transaction Account;  
(D) 
the proceeds of any advances made to the Guarantor under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement will be paid on the Transaction 
Account; 
(E) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the proceeds of the liquidation of 
the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments during the preceding 
Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account; 
(F) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts (except as otherwise 
provided under the Cash Management abd Agency Agreement). 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Transaction Account. 
(A) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will, no later than 
17.00 (Italian time), make those payments as are indicated in the 
relevant Payments Report; 
(B) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager will, no later than 
17.00 (Italian time), on behalf of the Guarantor, subject to the 
availability of sufficient Available Funds and in accordance with the 
Payments Report, transfer from the Transaction Account to the 
Expense Account, the amounts necessary to replenish the Expense 
Account up to the Expense Required Amount; 
(C) 
the Account Bank will transfer from the Transaction Account to the 
Investment Account (if any), upon instruction of the Cash Manager, 
all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the credit of, the 
Transaction Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
(D) 
the proceeds of any advances made to the Guarantor under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement will be applied to acquire the Initial 
Receivables and/or Subsequent Receivables and/or invest in 
Integration Assets pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement; 
(E) 
No later than 9.00 (Italian time), two Business Day prior to each 
Guarantor Payment Date falling after an Issuer Event of Default and 
delivery of a Notice to Pay but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default 
and delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Cash Manager will transfer 
to the Italian Paying Agent the amounts necessary to execute payments 
of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered 
Bonds. 
(g) 
The Collateral Account 
The Collateral Account has been opened pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. The funds standing to the credit of the Collateral Account (if any) will not 
form part of the Available Funds.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
    
The Securities Account (if any), the Investment Account, the Reserve Account, the 
Transaction Account, the Expense Account and the Collateral Account, if any, are 
jointly referred to as the Accounts. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in 
any such account becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
    
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, 
dated on or about the Initial Issue Date (the Master Transfer Agreement), the Seller 
transferred without recourse (pro soluto) and with economic effects from and including the 
relevant Evaluation Date an initial portfolio of receivables to the Guarantor (the Initial 
Receivables) and the Seller will transfer without recourse (pro soluto) from time to time and 
on a revolving basis, further portfolios of Receivables (the Subsequent Receivables), in the 
cases and subject to the limits for the transfer of further Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets. 
The portfolios to be transferred to the Guarantor according to the Master Transfer Agreement, 
will consists, from time to time, of receivables arising from: 
(a) 
Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) pursuant to Article 2, 
paragraph 1, lett. (a) of the MEF Decree (the “Mortgage Loans”); 
(b) 
loans granted to, or guaranteed by, and securities issued by, or guaranteed by, the 
entities indicated in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the MEF Decree (the “Public 
Assets”); and 
(c) 
securities issued in the framework of securitisations having as underlying assets 
Mortgage Loans or Public Assets, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the 
MEF Decree (the “ABS”). 
The ABS, the Mortgage Loans and the Public Assets are jointly defined as the Eligible Assets. 
Evaluation Date means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables transferred by the Seller, the 
date indicated as such in the Master Transfer Agreement and (ii) in respect of any of the 
Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent 
Receivables. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the Purchase 
Price for the Subsequent Receivables will be determined pursuant to the provisions of the 
Master Transfer Agreement.  
The Initial Receivables  
The Initial Receivables, originated by the Seller and to be transferred to the Guarantor according 
to the Master Transfer Agreement, consist of receivables arising from Mortgage Loans only. 
The Subsequent Receivables 
In accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, the Seller may (or, in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests

--- Page 155 ---
155 
    
and the other tests provided for in the transaction documents, shall) transfer further Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets (as defined below) in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
to issue further series or tranches of Covered Bonds, subject to the limits to the 
assignment of further Eligible Assets set forth by the BoI Regulations (the Issuance 
Assignments); or 
(b) 
to purchase further Eligible Assets in order to invest the Principal Available Funds 
deriving from Eligible Assets in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, 
(the Eligible Assets Revolving Assignments);  
(c) 
purchase further Integration Assets and/or Eligible Assets in order to invest Principal 
Available Funds deriving from Integration Assets in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments (the Integration Assets Revolving Assignments and together 
with the Eligible Assets Revolving Assignments, the Revolving Assignment), or 
(d) 
to ensure compliance with the Mandatory Tests and the other tests provided for in the 
transaction documents (the Integration Assignment). 
The Integration Assignment 
The integration of the Cover Pool (whether through Integration Assets or Eligible Assets) shall 
be allowed solely for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Test and the other tests 
provided for in the Transaction Documents or in view of meeting the Integration Assets Limit 
(as defined below) within the Cover Pool. 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets provided 
that, the Integration Assets, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, shall not be, 
at any time, higher than 15% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Cover Pool 
(the Integration Assets Limit), except where such Integration Assets are necessary for the 
repayment of the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Integration Assets means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, point 2 and 3, of the 
MEF Decree consisting of (a) deposits held with banks which (i) have their registered office in 
an Eligible State or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with 
the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach; and (ii) qualify as 
Eligible Institutions; and (b) securities issued by banks indicated in item (a) above having 
residual maturity not greater than one year. 
Further Assignments 
Each Subsequent Receivable shall be exclusively composed of Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets, which comply with the general criteria indicated in the Annex 1 to the 
Master Transfer Agreement (the General Criteria) and, if applicable in relation to the relevant 
transfer, the Specific Criteria attached to the relevant offer for sale sent by the Seller to the 
Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement, provided that, 
pursuant to the applicable law, total Integration Assets shall not exceed the Integration Assets 
Limit. 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Receivables shall be: 
(a) 
conditional upon, for the carrying out of Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of 
Principal Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal

--- Page 156 ---
156 
    
Priority of Payments and (ii) a breach of the Asset Coverage Test and of the Mandatory 
Tests does not occur after such assignment; and 
(b) 
for the carrying out of Issuance Assignments and of the Integration Assignments, the 
funding of the requested amounts under the relevant Subordinated Loan, unless, with 
reference to the Integration Assignments, for the satisfaction of the Asset Coverage 
Test and of the Mandatory Tests through the purchase of further Eligible Assets, the 
use of Available Funds in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments can 
suffice. 
Price Adjustments 
The Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Receivable which is part of the Initial 
Receivables or of the Subsequent Receivables does not meet the Criteria, then such 
Receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Receivable which meets the Criteria but it 
is not part of the Initial Receivables or of the Subsequent Receivables, then such 
Receivable shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor as 
of the Transfer Date of the relevant Receivables, pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Repurchase of receivables and Pre-emption right 
The Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to 
repurchase the Receivables assigned by it, also in different tranches, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions set out in the Master Transfer Agreement.  
According to Article 11 of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller is granted a pre-emption 
right to repurchase the Receivables respectively assigned by it to be sold by the Guarantor to 
third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third parties. 
Substitution of the Eligible Assets and the Integration Assets 
Further to the relevant effective date, the Seller will have the option to repurchase from the 
Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) further portfolios of receivables arising from the 
Eligible Assets, in accordance with the BoI Regulations. 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase and termination of the agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase 
Subsequent Receivables from the Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the 
following: (a) the Programme Termination Date has occurred; (b) an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred, other than those set out under the subsequent points, among those expressly 
indicated in the Conditions; (c) a change in law and regulations which has made the issue of 
Covered Bonds impossible or less convenient, both from an economic and commercial point of 
view, for the parties; (d) a breach of material obligations of the Seller pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents has occurred, in the event such breach is not cured within the period 
specified in the Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (e) any material 
breach of the Seller’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents 
and such breach has an adverse effect on the Programme; (f) a Seller’s material adverse change

--- Page 157 ---
157 
    
has occurred and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has communicated it to the 
Guarantor; (g) winding up of the Seller, or opening of other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding with respect to the Seller; (h) the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of the Seller are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect; 
(i) the Seller takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its obligations or makes 
a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; (j) an effective 
resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of the Seller (k) 
a change of control of the Seller and subsequent exit of the Seller from the Deutsche Bank 
Group; (l) the Seller being submitted to inspections or sanctions by the competent regulatory 
and supervisory authorities or the commencement of a judicial proceeding which may cause 
the occurrence of a material adverse change of the Seller. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer 
be obliged to purchase Subsequent Receivables save for the provisions contained in the Master 
Transfer Agreement in relation to the Integration Assignment. 
Undertakings 
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Receivables. The Seller have undertaken, inter alia, to refrain 
from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables which may prejudice the validity or 
recoverability of any Receivables and in particular not to assign or transfer the Receivables to 
any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in 
favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables. The Seller also have undertaken to 
refrain from any action which could cause any of the Receivables to become invalid or to cause 
a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivables or the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Master 
Transfer Agreement also provides that the Seller shall waive any set off rights in respect of the 
Receivables, and co-operate actively with the Guarantor in any activity concerning the 
Receivables. 
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement is governed by Italian Law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into between the Seller and the 
Guarantor, also in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, dated on or about 
the Initial Issue Date (the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement), the Seller made certain 
representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolio assigned by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the Master Transfer Agreement, as of each 
Evaluation Date, as of each Transfer Date and as of each Issue Date, the Seller gives to the 
Guarantor, inter alia, representations and warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the 
information and the documents provided to the Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Receivables, 
(d) the status of the Receivables assigned by it, (e) the terms and conditions of the Receivables 
assigned by it. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller undertakes to fully and promptly 
indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and 
expenses duly documented (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
    
disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages 
by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations 
and/or warranties made by the Seller under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being 
actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Seller to perform any of the 
obligations and undertakings assumed by the Seller under the Transaction Documents. 
Without prejudice of the foregoing, the Seller has further undertaken that, if any claim does not 
exist, in whole or in part, (including where such non existence is based only on a judicial 
pronouncement that is not definitive), the Seller shall immediately pay the Guarantor any 
damage, costs, expenses incurred by the Guarantor. In the event that, thereafter, any definitive 
judicial pronouncement recognises that such claim exists, the Guarantor shall repay the 
amounts mentioned above received by the Seller on the immediately subsequent Guarantor 
Payment Date, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
Governing Law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian Law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, 
dated on or about the Initial Issue Date (the Subordinated Loan Agreement), the Seller will 
grant to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the Subordinated Loan) with a maximum 
individual amount not higher than the Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in amounts 
equal to the purchase price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the Guarantor in 
view of (a) collateralising the issue of further Covered Bonds or (b) carrying out an integration 
of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets or through Integration Assets, in order to 
prevent a breach of the Mandatory Tests and of the other tests provided for in the Transaction 
Documents. 
Each advance granted by the Seller pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be 
identified in two separate tranches (a) advances under the first tranche, related to the issue of 
Covered Bonds, i.e. in order to fund the purchase price of Receivables to be sold in the 
framework of an Issuance Assignment (the Issuance Advances); and (b) advances under the 
second tranche, for the purpose of purchasing further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
in the framework of an Integration Assignment (the Integration Advances). 
The Guarantor shall pay any amounts interests due under the Subordinated Loan on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Issuance Advances shall be remunerated by way of: 
(a) 
the Base Interests (Interessi Base); and 
(b) 
the Premium Interests (Interessi Aggiuntivi). 
The Integration Advances shall be remunerated only by way of the Premium Interests (Interessi 
Aggiuntivi). 
The Issuance Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the maturity date 
of the corresponding series or tranche of Covered Bonds, and shall be payable within the limits 
of the Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
    
Pursuant to the provisions of article 7.2 and 7.3 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Integration Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the maturity date of 
the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds with the longer maturity. 
Notwithstanding the above, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request from the Seller (la 
Richiesta di Rimborso Anticipato degli Utilizzi), the Issuance Advances and the Integration 
Advances shall be repaid in advance by the Guarantor in accordance with the relevant Priority 
of Payments, provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests. 
Main Definitions 
For the purposes of the Subordinated Loan Agreement: 
Base Interests means the interest rate equal to 0,00002 per cent. 
Premium Interests means: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the higher 
between 0 (zero) and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or matured in respect of the Cover Pool 
and the Swap Agreements during the Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report Date; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due under items from (i) to (x) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment; 
or 
(b) 
following to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, an amount equal to the higher 
between 0 (zero) and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or matured in respect of the Cover Pool 
and the Swap Agreements during the Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report Date; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due in respect of interests under items from (i) to (v) 
of the Post Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
or 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default an amount equal to the higher 
between 0 (zero) and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amounts of interests received or matured in respect of the Cover Pool 
and the Swap Agreements during the Collection Period which immediately 
precedes the relevant Payment Report Date; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount due in respect of interests under items from (i) to 
(iv) of the Post Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
The Premium Interests will be calculated, pro rata and pari passu, across all advances 
outstanding under the Subordinated Loan.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
    
Governing Law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds up to the Maximum Guaranteed Amount according to an agreement entered 
into on or about the Initial Issue Date between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders (the Covered Bond Guarantee) and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default, and service of a Notice of Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, paragraph 1, of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the 
guarantee provided under the Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional and 
independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore provides for direct and independent 
obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. The obligation of payment 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an unconditional obligation of the Guarantor, at 
first demand (a prima richiesta), irrevocable (irrevocabile) and with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. The provisions of the Italian Civil Code 
relating to the “fideiussione” set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, 
paragraph 1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 
(Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del 
creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza 
dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the service, by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, of an Acceleration Notice in respect of all Covered Bonds, which 
shall become immediately due and repayable, the Guarantor shall pay or procure to be paid on 
the Due for Payment Date to the Covered Bondholders, the Guaranteed Amounts for all 
outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default, payment by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Due for Payment Date, provided that, if 
an Extended Maturity Date is provided under the relevant Final Terms and actually applied, 
any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to 
(and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Following service of an Acceleration Notice all Covered Bonds will accelerate against the 
Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and 
the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payment.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
    
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, assessments or other governmental charges are required by law or regulation or 
administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the 
Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall 
account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. 
The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of 
the amount of such withholding or deduction, regardless of any such obligation of the Issuer. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor, in 
accordance with the provisions set forth under the Covered Bond Guarantee and with the 
provisions of Article 4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree, shall substitute the Issuer in all 
obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Final Terms, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such 
circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the 
substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis à 
vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds. 
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Covered Bondholders have 
irrevocably delegated to the Guarantor (also in the interest and for the benefit of the Guarantor) 
the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing 
any acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions or under the applicable 
legislation. For this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, upon request of the Guarantor, shall provide the Guarantor with any 
powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking 
all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
Due for Payment Date means (a) a Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for 
Payment Date will be the next following Business Day.  For the avoidance of doubt, Due for 
Payment Date does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment of any Guaranteed 
Amounts may become due by reason of prepayment, mandatory or optional redemption or 
otherwise. 
Final Redemption Amount means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Guaranteed Amounts means, (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect 
to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest 
and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or 
(b) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable 
in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all

--- Page 162 ---
162 
    
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable by 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing 
interest paid after the Maturity Date shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that 
was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been 
clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, 
and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed Back Amounts). 
Maximum Guaranteed Amount means an amount equal to the Programme Limit. 
Programme Limit means up to Euro 4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate 
used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any time. 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date means: 
(a) 
(i) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Guaranteed 
Amounts is reached, and (ii) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date 
immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the day which is two 
Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on the Guarantor in respect of 
such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Notice to Pay has not been served by the relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to 
the relevant series or tranche of Covered Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have 
applied if the Maturity Date of such series or tranche of Covered Bonds had been the 
Extended Maturity Date or such other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Scheduled Interest means the amount in respect of interest which would have been due and 
payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on each CB 
Payment Date falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but excluding any 
additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest: the Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts) but including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) following service of an Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds 
had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms) or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other 
amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or 
deduction made under the circumstances set out in the Conditions. 
Scheduled Payment Date means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
each CB Payment Date. 
Scheduled Principal means the amount in respect of principal which would have been due and 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date 
(as the case may be) (but excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest: the Excluded 
Scheduled Principal Amounts) but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) following service of an Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds 
had not become due and payable prior to their Maturity Date and, if the Final Terms specifies

--- Page 163 ---
163 
    
that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to relevant Series or Tranche, if the maturity date 
of such Series or Tranche had been the Extended Maturity Date. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into between the Servicer and the Guarantor, dated 
on or about the Initial Issue Date (the Servicing Agreement), the Guarantor has appointed DB 
S.p.A. as Servicer. The Servicer has agreed to administer and service the Receivables 
respectively transferred by it, on behalf of the Guarantor. Under the Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with the Receivables 
assigned by it, and, in general, has agreed to be responsible for the management of the 
Receivables assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the 
requirements of the Law 130. The Servicer has agreed to be responsible for verifying the 
compliance of the transactions with the laws and the Prospectus pursuant to article 2, paragraph 
3(c), and 6-bis of Law 130 and to provide certain monitoring activities in relation to the 
Receivables transferred from time to time by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement.  
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing 
Agreement provides that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, on a best effects 
basis, inter alia, the activities specified below in relation to the Receivables transferred from 
time to time by the Seller to the Guarantor: 
(a) 
to monitor the collection of the Receivables as well as the collection and the payments 
of any sum by or in favour of the Guarantor and verify that such collection and 
payments are carried out in accordance with the Transaction Documents, the 
Prospectus and OBG Regulations;  
(b) 
to keep the “Archivio Unico Informatico” (AUI) on behalf of the Guarantor and 
perform the activities required in order for the Guarantor to comply with the anti-money 
laundering legislation and regulations; 
(c) 
to prepare and submit monthly and quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, 
containing information as to the Collections made by the Seller in respect of the 
Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. The reports will provide the main 
information relating to the Servicer’s activity during the period; 
(d) 
to act as responsible for Data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati 
personali) as pursuant to article 29 of the Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 
(the Privacy Law).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
    
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has also undertaken to perform, with its best 
diligence, inter alia, the activities specified below in relation to the Receivables respectively 
transferred by it: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables respectively assigned by 
it, in accordance with the collection policies; management and administration of 
enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the transfer of the 
Receivables respectively assigned by it to the Guarantor to consent to the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to examine and inspect the 
documents and to draw copies; 
(c) 
upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Servicer will be obliged to 
follow the instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if 
acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer to sell to third parties one or more 
Receivables respectively transferred by it, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except 
for the supervisory activities in accordance with the OBG Regulations or any other applicable 
laws and regulations, including the supervisory instructions and the other provisions enacted 
from time to time by the Bank of Italy in relation to the activities to be provided pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities performed 
by a party so appointed by it, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified for any losses, 
costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by it. 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator  
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor has appointed Banca Finint as Back-up 
Servicer Facilitator.  
If the Servicer ceases to be assigned a long-term debt obligations of at least Baa2 by Moody’s, 
the Guarantor, with the assistance of the Back-Up Servicer Facilitator, will appoint a back-up 
servicer on terms set out in the Servicing Agreement. Under the Servicing Agreement, the 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator has agreed to perform the activities indicated under Article 16 
thereto in order to assist and support the Guarantor in appointing a back-up servicer. 
Successor Servicer 
According to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination 
event, shall have the right to withdraw the appointment of the Servicer at any time and to 
appoint a different entity (the Successor Servicer). Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the 
Guarantor has undertaken to appoint the Successor Servicer immediately after the occurrence 
of a termination event. The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of 
administration, management and collection of the relevant Receivables in respect of which it 
has been appointed, as well as all other activities provided for the relevant Servicer to substitute 
in the Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the 
same form and contents as the Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of 
the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
    
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer 
following the occurrence of any of the termination event (each a Servicer Termination Event). 
The Servicer Termination Events include inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the Servicer which failure 
continues for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer 
of a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or 
deposited from the date on which such amount has been required to be transferred, paid 
or deposited; 
(b) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the 
Servicing Agreement and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business 
Days following receipt of written notice from the Guarantor; 
(c) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(d) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents 
and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt 
of written notice from the Guarantor and such breach prejudiced the reliance of the 
Guarantor on the Servicer; 
(e) 
amendments of the functions and services involved in the management of the claims 
and in the recovery and collection procedures, if such amendments may individually or 
jointly, make more difficult for the Servicer fulfilling the obligations assumed under 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(f) 
the relevant Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s 
regulations for entities acting as servicer. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law.  
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor (the Corporate Services Agreement), the 
Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain administrative services, 
including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing Law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
among the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity 
and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan 
Provider, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the 
Corporate Servicer, the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, 
the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent and the Calculation Agent (collectively, together with the Swap Counterparties,

--- Page 166 ---
166 
    
if any, the Secured Creditors), as subsequently amended, (the Intercreditor Agreement), the 
parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders as well 
as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided 
in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, 
subject to a Guarantor Events of Default having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds 
are applied in or towards satisfaction of the payment obligations towards the Covered 
Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the 
other Secured Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to 
the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the other Secured Creditors 
have irrevocably agreed that, upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following 
a Guarantor Events of Default and the service of an Acceleration Notice, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities provided by the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and (b) 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor 
and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the Guarantor, also in the interest and for the benefit 
of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the 
Italian Civil Code), any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights, including, without limitation, the 
right to give instructions, under each relevant Transaction Document, to each of the Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager, the Master Servicer, the Additional Servicer, the Principal Paying 
Agent the Italian Paying Agent, and the Corporate Servicer. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result of its taking any action or failing to take 
any action in accordance with such mandate except in the case of its wilful misconduct or gross 
negligence (dolo o colpa grave). 
Governing Law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Mandate Agreement 
Pursuant to a mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the Mandate Agreement), the 
Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors (who 
irrevocably agreed to such mandate), under and pursuant to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and 
Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code, to act in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor on the 
terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, in exercising the rights of the 
Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, provided that such powers 
will be exercisable only if the Guarantor fails to timely exercise its rights under the Transaction 
Documents. 
Governing Law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
    
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to a cash management and agency agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue 
Date between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent and the Principal Paying Agent (the Cash Management and Agency Agreement), 
pursuant to which the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer and the 
Calculation Agent will provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and 
reporting services together with account handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
the Account Bank will make available to, inter alia, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholder, 2 (two) Business Days after each Servicer 
Report Date, with a report together with account handling services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(b) 
the Cash Manager will make available to, inter alia, the Guarantor, 2 (two) Business 
Days after each Servicer Report Date, with a report (the Cash Manager Report) 
together with certain cash management services in relation to moneys standing to the 
credit of the Accounts; 
(c) 
on each Payment Report Date, the Calculation Agent will make available to, inter alia, 
the Guarantor (i) with a payments report (the Payments Report) which will set out the 
Available Funds and the payments to be made on the following Guarantor Payment 
Date and (ii) 10 (ten) Calendar Days following each Guarantor Payment Date with an 
investors report (the Investor Report) which will set out certain information with 
respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
the Principal Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain 
calculation services; 
(e) 
the Italian Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain payment 
services. 
Account Bank 
The Securities Account (if any), the Investment Account, the Transaction Account, the Expense 
Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral Account (together the Accounts) will be 
opened in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the Account Bank, and the 
amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Bank shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect 
of all the Accounts are maintained and such records will, two Business Days after each servicer 
Report Date, show separately (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the 
last day of the month preceding such Calculation Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid 
on the Accounts, respectively, as of the last day of the month preceding such Calculation Date; 
and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the 
Accounts, respectively, in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The 
Account Bank will inform the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 168 ---
168 
    
Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of the Accounts which are held 
with it. 
Cash Manager 
At any time in the period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of each month 
and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of the same month, the Cash Manager is 
authorised on behalf of the Guarantor to instruct the Account Bank to invest, on behalf of the 
Guarantor, funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) in Eligible 
Investments (if any) which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated thereby, 
and principal thereof, will be transferred to the Transaction Account, and will form part of the 
Available Funds on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set 
out in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager shall act upon 
instructions received by the Issuer and in the best interest of the Covered Bonds as to the types 
and amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through 
whom and on which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
The Cash Manager shall deliver a copy of its Cash Manager Report, inter alia, to the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Payng 
Agent, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Back-up Servicer (if any) and the 
Calculation Agent, which shall include information on the Eligible Investments. 
Two Business Days after each Servicer Report Date and only if investments have been made 
on the immediately preceding Collection Period, the Cash Manager Report shall be deliver in 
electronic form to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Servicer and the Calculation Agent, a report which 
will contain details of all investments made deriving the Collection Period immediately 
preceeding. 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare a Payments Report, subject to receipt by it of reports from 
the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank and the Corporate Servicer, which will set 
out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding Guarantor 
Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report 
will be available on the Cash Manager’s website. 
On or prior to the tenth calendar day following each Guarantor Payment Date the Calculation 
Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter alia, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Servicer, the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect 
to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement, and subject to the receipt by it of the Payments Report from the 
Calculation Agent, execute the payment instructions stated by the Calculation Agent and shall 
allocate the amounts standing on the Transaction Account according to the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Italian Paying Agent 
The Italian Paying Agent will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
    
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Italian Paying Agent acting upon 
instruction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall make payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Principal Paying Agent 
The Principal Paying Agent shall give all necessary instructions to the Italian Paying Agent to 
enable the Italian Paying Agent to perform its obligations under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will, upon and in accordance with the signed, written 
instructions of the Issuer or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, arrange for 
publication of any notice which is to be given to the Covered Bondholders by publication on 
website having general circulation in Luxembourg, or any other means from time to time 
accepted by the CSSF or Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and will maintain one copy thereof at 
its address and will supply a copy thereof to the Paying Agents, Monte Titoli and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will: (a) promptly forward to the Paying Agents, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Guarantor a copy of any notice or communication addressed to the Guarantor 
or to the Issuer by any Covered Bondholders and which is received by the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent; (b) make available to the Guarantor and the Paying Agents such information in its 
possession as is reasonably required for the maintenance of the records in respect of all the 
Accounts; (c) comply with the listing rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in connection 
with the Programme; (d) publish any notice to the Covered Bondholders on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stoch Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (e) promptly inform the Guarantor of any 
fact which may affect its duties in connection with the Programme. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, either the Issuer, in relation to the Issuer’s Agents, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the 
Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such 
termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms 
of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing Law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
Pursuant to a cover pool administration agreement entered into, on or about the Initial Issue 
Date, between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement) the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations for 
the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests (as described in detail 
in section “Credit Structure – Tests” below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement the Seller and the Issuer have undertaken to 
procure on a continuing basis and for the whole life of the Programme that on any Calculation 
Date each of the Mandatory Tests (as described in detail in section “Credit Structure – Tests”

--- Page 170 ---
170 
    
below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool. The Calculation Agent will also verify, prior to 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in section 
“Credit Structure – Tests”) is met as of the relevant Calculation Date, and following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in section 
“Credit Structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and make available on each Calculation Date to 
the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency and the Asset Monitor, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect 
of the Tests (the Test Performance Report). Such report shall specify the occurrence of a 
breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test. 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, 
of a breach of any Test, the Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available Funds to 
cure the relevant Test or, to the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient to cure the relevant 
Test, purchase from the Seller any Integration Assets and/or other Eligible Assets, representing 
an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Calculation Date. To 
this extent, the Seller shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the 
assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
If the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the one or more of the Tests on the next following 
Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the 
Breach of Test Notice) on the Issuer and the Guarantor or, if a Notice to Pay has been served 
to the Guarantor, an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor. 
If following delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the breach of relevant Tests has not been cured 
by the Calculation Date following the delivery of the Breach of Test Notice, an Issuer Event of 
Default will occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall deliver a Notice to 
Pay on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay, a 
breach of the Amortisation Test will trigger a Guarantor Event of Default. 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the Guarantor will be obliged to sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets in 
accordance with the provisions set out below. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Breach of Test Notice or the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) may, or following the 
service of a Notice to Pay shall, be obliged to sell Receivables in accordance with the provisions 
below, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Seller to buy such Receivables 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited 
to the Transaction Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default), the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds, as determined by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Cover Pool 
Manager), be obliged to sell Receivables in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Seller and the Issuer pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement (the Selected Assets). The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to 
the Transaction Account and applied as set out in the relevant Priority of Payments.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
    
If the Guarantor is required to sell Receivables, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Guarantor may, and after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default shall select 
and appoint a cover pool manager (the Cover Pool Manager), on a basis intended to 
incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the 
Receivables (if such terms are commercially available in the market), to advise it in 
relation to the sale of Receivables (except where the Seller is buying the Receivables 
in accordance with its right of pre-emption according to the Master Transfer 
Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Cover 
Pool Manager in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Before offering Receivables for sale, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected 
Assets: (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; and (ii) have 
an aggregate outstanding principal balance in an amount (the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as possible to: 
(A) 
following the service of a Breach of Test Notice (but prior to service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Guarantor), such amount that would ensure that, if the 
Receivables were sold at their Current Balance plus the Arrears of Interest and 
Accrued Interest thereon, the relevant Test would be satisfied on the next 
Calculation Date (assuming for this purpose that the Breach of Test Notice is 
continuing on the next Calculation Date); or 
(B) 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
multiplied by the ratio between the outstanding aggregate notional amount of 
the assets comprised in the Cover Pool (other than those held in the form of 
deposits) and the Euro Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
Arrears of Interest means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan on a given date, interest and 
expenses which are due and payable and unpaid as of such date. 
Current Balance means in relation to a Mortgage Loan at any given date, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that Mortgage Loan as at that date. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means at any time the relevant Series of the 
Covered Bonds that has the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Required Redemption Amount means the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+ 
Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds/365). 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means: 
I. 
the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
minus 
II. 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts; minus

--- Page 172 ---
172 
    
III. 
the principal amount of any Integration Assets and Eligible Investments; plus 
or minus 
IV. 
as applicable, any swap termination amounts payable under the Swap 
Agreements to or by the Guarantor in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
excluding, with respect to items (ii) and (iii) above all amounts estimated to be applied 
on the next following Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the 
applicable Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series 
of Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds. 
If:  
(i) 
there is more than one Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
and the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount of the Selected 
Assets selected in accordance with the procedure above is not sufficient to 
redeem the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall ensure that 
additional Selected Assets are selected on a Random Basis for an amount such 
that the disposal proceeds expected to be realised from the sale of the aggregate 
Selected Assets will permit to effect timely payments on the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, provided 
however that following the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets, the 
Amortisation Test is complied with (assuming that the disposal proceeds 
realised from the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets are used exclusively 
to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds); or 
(ii) 
there is only one Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding, the 
Guarantor will be permitted to select more Selected Assets than it is expected 
to be necessary to raise disposal proceeds for an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount, provided that it will be required to offer the Selected 
Assets to purchasers for sale for the best price reasonably obtainable. 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor may, upon evaluations carried out by the 
Cover Pool Manager taking into account the then relevant market conditions, sell 
Selected Assets on a random basis to meet the obligations in respect of any other Series 
of Covered Bonds then outstanding, provided that, prior to and following the sale of 
such Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with. 
(c) 
Save for the pre-emption right of the Seller, following the service of a Breach of Test 
Notice, the Guarantor (through the Servicer) will offer the Selected Assets to 
purchasers for sale for the best price reasonably obtainable but in any event for an 
amount not less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
(d) 
Following a Breach of Test Notice, if the Receivables have not been sold in an amount 
equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six 
months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) or the Extended Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date), then the Guarantor will offer the Receivables for sale for the 
best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such amount may be less than the

--- Page 173 ---
173 
    
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount, save for the pre-emption right of the 
Seller. 
(e) 
In respect of any sale of Receivables following service of a Breach of Test Notice, the 
Guarantor will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that the Receivables are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in 
accordance with the recommendations of the Cover Pool Manager) taking into account 
the market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates 
of the Covered Bonds. 
(f) 
Save for the pre-emption right of the Seller, the Guarantor may offer for sale to 
purchasers part of any pool of Selected Assets (a Partial Cover Pool). Except in 
circumstances where the pool of Selected Assets is being sold within 6 months of the 
Maturity Date or, where the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds has an 
Extended Maturity Date, prior to such Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, of the 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to be repaid from such proceeds, the sale price of 
the Partial Cover Pool (as a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) 
shall be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Cover Pool bears to the relevant 
portfolio Selected Assets. 
(g) 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may novate, if so requested, 
all or part of its rights under a relevant Mortgage Pool Swap (if any) or Asset Swap (if 
any)  to the purchaser of Selected Assets, subject to prior notice to the Rating Agency 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
(h) 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, in addition to offering Selected 
Assets for sale to purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor may offer to sell Selected Assets in respect of all the Series of Covered 
Bonds, save for the pre-emption right of the Seller. 
(i) 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the obligation of the Guarantor to 
sell Receivables, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from the Calculation 
Date, if any, on which the Tests are subsequently met, unless an Issuer Event of Default 
has occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the obligation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Test 
Notice at any time thereafter. 
(j) 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, if necessary in order to effect timely 
payments under the Covered Bonds, the Integration Assets may be sold first by the 
Guarantor and the proceeds applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Sale of Selected Asset following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of 
execution of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Servicer or, in the absence 
of the Servicer, the Cover Pool Manager to sell Integration Assets and/or Selected Assets, 
subject to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
    
If the Guarantor is required to sell Selected Assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, in addition to the above mentioned provisions (and save for the pre-emption 
right of the Seller), the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
in addition to offering Selected Assets for sale to purchasers in respect of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may offer to sell Selected Assets in respect of 
all the Series of Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Guarantor will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours 
to procure that Selected Assets are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing Law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into, on or about the Initial Issue Date, between 
the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (the Asset Monitor Agreement), the Asset Monitor has agreed, 
subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent to the Asset 
Monitor, to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent for the Tests, as applicable on a semi-annual basis and more frequently in 
certain circumstances with a view to verifying the compliance of the Cover Pool with such tests. 
Governing Law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. entered into a quotaholders’ agreement (the Quotaholders’ Agreement), 
containing provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor. In 
addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. has granted a call option and a put option in favour of the Issuer to purchase from or sell 
to SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. the quota of the Guarantor quota capital 
held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.. 
Governing Law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
Pursuant to a programme agreement entered into, on or about the Initial Issue Date, between 
the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of Covered Bondholders and the Dealer 
(the Programme Agreement), the parties have agreed that the Covered Bonds may be issued 
and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to the Dealer. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered 
Bonds of any Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and 
any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued

--- Page 175 ---
175 
    
and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement the Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor will indemnify the Dealer for costs, liabilities, charges, 
expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealer arising out of, in connection with 
or based on breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor 
respectively. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding 
as new dealer (a) generally in respect of the Programme or (b) in relation to a particular issue 
of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor have given 
certain representations and warranties to the Dealer in relation to, inter alia, their selves and 
the information given by them in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law 
The Programme Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be 
entered into in relation to each issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealer who is party to such 
Subscription Agreement (the Relevant Dealer) will enter into a subscription agreement under 
which the Relevant Dealer will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, 
subject to the conditions set out therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealer will confirm the 
appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing Law 
The Subscription Agreement will be governed by Italian law. 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
Pursuant to an Italian deed of pledge entered into, on or about the Initial Issue Date, between, 
inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as 
subsequently amended (the “Italian Deed of Pledge”), the Guarantor will pledge in favour of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as legal representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the 
amounts payable from time to time (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages,

--- Page 176 ---
176 
    
penalties, credits and guarantee) to which the Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in relation to the 
Transaction Documents (other than the Swap Agreements, the Italian Deed of Pledge and the 
Deed of Charge).  
Governing Law 
The Italian Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
Pursuant to a deed of charge which will be entered into between, inter alios, the Guarantor and 
the Issuer (the “Deed of Charge”), the Guarantor will assign by way of security to (or to the 
extent not assignable charge by way of fixed charge) in favour of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (acting in its capacity as Security Trustee for itself Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the secured creditors), all of its rights, in respect of the Swap 
Agreements and all other contracts, agreements, deeds and documents, present and future, 
governed by English law, to which the Guarantor may become a party in relation to the Covered 
Bonds and the Cover Pool, and the monetary rights and claims relating to the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Accounts.  
Governing Law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on each Issue 
Date with the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate or currency 
risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Cover Pool and the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps and amounts payable by the Guarantor under, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Subordinated Loan and, following an Issuer Default Notice, the Covered Bonds. The 
notional amount of each Covered Bond Swap shall be equal to the notional outstanding of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default 
which will entitle either party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the 
respective Covered Bond Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain 
minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below 
such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to take certain actions to 
remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and 
obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance 
with the provisions of the respective Covered Bond Swap. 
If a Covered Bond Swap is entered into in connection with a Series of Covered Bond, such 
Covered Bond Swap will terminate on the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date 
as the case may be.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
    
Mortgage Pool Swap 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover 
Pool, the Guarantor will enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage 
Pool Swap Counterparties. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default 
which will entitle either party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the 
respective Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain 
minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty below 
such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty to take certain actions to 
remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and 
obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage 
Pool Swap Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in 
accordance with the provisions of the respective Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap will be documented in accordance 
with the documentation published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
(ISDA), and will be subject to: 
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto (ISDA Master 
Agreement); 
(b) 
the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule to the 
ISDA Master Agreement (CSA); and 
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s). 
The Guarantor and each Swap Counterparty will enter into a credit support document in the 
form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule with 
respect to each Swap Agreement (each, a CSA). Each CSA will provide that, from time to time, 
if required to do so following its downgrade and subject to the conditions specified in the CSA, 
the relevant Swap Counterparty will make transfers of asset (including, without limitation, cash 
and/or securities) to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreement (the 
Swap Collateral) and the Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent collateral in 
accordance with the terms of the CSA. Each CSA will be governed by English Law. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements are governed by English Law.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
    
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders 
should be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 and article 7-bis thereof and BoI Regulations. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process 
and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of 
Italy. Law 130 was further amended during the following years. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted with amendments into law by law 14 May 
2005, No. 80, added articles 7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130, for the purpose of allowing Italian 
banks to use the securitisation techniques introduced by Law 130 in view of issuing covered 
bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true 
sale (by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in 
the context of securitisation transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in article 7-
bis and in the Decree of the Ministry of economy and finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 
(the MEF Decree), where the sale is to a vehicle incorporated pursuant to article 7-bis and all 
amounts paid by the debtors are to be used by the special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet 
its obligations under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations 
of the selling bank or of other banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (the Covered 
Bond Guarantee). 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be included in the portfolio shall 
be financed through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the bank selling the assets or 
a different bank. The payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall 
be subordinated to the payment obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the 
counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned 
receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties 
having a claim in relation to any payment of other costs of the transaction. 
The covered bonds are further regulated by the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy 
relating to covered bonds under Third Part, Chapter 3, of the circular no. 285 of 17 December 
2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further implemented and 
amended, (the BoI Regulations). Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be 
issued also by banks which are member of banking groups meeting, as of the date of issuance 
of the covered bonds, certain requirements relating to the consolidated regulatory capital and 
the consolidated solvency ratio at the group’s level. Such requirements must be complied with, 
as of the date of issuance of the covered bonds, also by banks selling the assets, where the latter 
are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not fall within the same banking 
group. 
Following the issue of the MEF Decree, the Bank of Italy Supervisory Instructions were 
published on 17 May 2007, as subsequently amended on 24 March 2010 and further 
supplemented by Title V, Chapter 3 of the “Nuove Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per 
le Banche” (Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006), completing the relevant legal and 
regulatory framework and allowing for the implementation on the Italian market of the covered 
bonds, which have previously only been available under special legislation to specific 
companies.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
    
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare 
of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, 
implementing CRD IV Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning 
matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th 
update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the Bank of Italy’s 
covered bonds regulation have been included in Part III, Section 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie 
Garantite) under the Bank of Italy’s Circular No 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the 
“Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche”, and provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of 
Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
On 18 December 2019, with the aim of harmonising the regime on covered bonds in the 
European Union, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the 
European Union: 
- 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Directive); and 
- 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the CRR) as regards 
exposures in the form of covered bonds (the Regulation). 
The Regulation and the Directive amended certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds 
and introduced standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision. More in particular, the new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to 
strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new 
Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member 
States. 
Pursuant to the Directive, Member States had to implement the Directive by 8 July 2021 and 
the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The Regulation shall apply 
from 8 July 2022. 
The Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree 
5 November 2021, n. 190 (the Decree 190/2021) which modified Law 30 April 1999, n.130 
and entered into force on 1st December 2021. 
In this respect, the national legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by the 
Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to 
the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool in case of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final 
maturity date for the payment of principal.  
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, and it was entrusted with the issuing of the 
implementing measures of the Title I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190 (the Implementing Provisions).  
In this respect, the provisions of Law 130, as amended by Decree 190, apply to covered bonds 
issued starting from 8 July 2022, in certain cases subject to entry into force of the Implementing 
Provisions as referred to under article 3, paragraph 2, of Decree 190 by 8 July 2022.  
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions which entered into 
force on 31 March 2023 amending the Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
    
The Implementing Provisions amended the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to (i) the 
definition of the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes among covered bonds eligible assets; (ii) the 
procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for issuing new issuance 
programmes; (iv) the possibility also for banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a 
derivative contract with hedging purposes; and (v) the conditions for issuing Covered Bonds 
under already existing programmes, as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing 
Provisions.  
In accordance with the Decree 190:  
- 
until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Instructions (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered 
bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as 
applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of 
Italy Regulation, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, 
No. 310 (the Decree 310), the previous version of the supervisory instructions of the Bank 
of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 
17 December 2013 and the previous version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
- 
as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations (i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Title I-bis of Law 130, the new Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended, and the Article 
129 of the CRR, as amended by the Covered Bond Regulation. 
 
Eligibility criteria of the assets and limits to the assignment of assets 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the purchasing 
company, together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded 
in the relevant assets: (a) Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans having the 
characteristics set out under Article 2, Paragraph 1 (a) and (b), respectively, of the MEF Decree; 
(b) the public assets meeting the characteristics set out under Article 2, Paragraph 1(c) of the 
MEF Decree; (c) asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions, 
meeting the following criteria: (i) the relevant securitised receivables comprise, for an amount 
equal at least to 95%, loans referred to in (a) and (b) above; (ii) the relevant asset backed 
securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20% in accordance with the Bank of 
Italy’s prudential regulations for Banks – standardised approach. 
The BoI Regulations set out certain requirements for banks belonging to banking groups with 
respect to the issuance of covered bonds, to be met at the time of the relevant issuance: 
- 
own funds (fondi propri) not lower than Euro 250,000,000.00; and 
- 
a total capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, 
also by the banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the 
covered bonds and do not fall within the same banking group. 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned 
requirements relate to the individual own funds and/or total capital ratio.  
Moreover, the BoI Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign 
eligible assets, which are linked to the tier 1 ratio (T1R) and common equity tier 1 ratio 
(CET1R) of the individual bank (or of the relevant banking group, if applicable), in accordance 
with the following grid, contained in the BoI Regulations:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
    
Ratios 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “a” 
T1R ≥ 9 % and CET1R ≥ 8 % 
No limits 
Group “b” 
T1R ≥ 8 % and CET1R ≥ 7 % 
Assignment allowed up to 
60% of the eligible assets 
Group “c” 
T1R ≥ 7 % and CET1R ≥ 6 % 
Assignment allowed up to 
25% of the eligible assets 
The relevant T1R and CET1R set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds 
transactions launched by the relevant banking group, or individual bank, as the case may be. If 
foreign entities belonging to the banking group of the bank selling the assets have issued 
covered bonds in accordance with their relevant jurisdiction and have therefore segregated part 
of their assets to guarantee the relevant issuances, the limits set out above shall be applied to 
the eligible assets held by the Italian companies being part of the assigning bank’s banking 
group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been proposed in respect of the 
monitoring activities to be performed by the asset monitor. The limits to the assignment set out 
above do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the portfolio, provided that Integration 
is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI Regulations. 
The substitution of eligible assets included in the portfolio with other eligible assets of the same 
nature is also permitted, provided that certain conditions indicated under the BoI Regulations 
are met. 
Ring-Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction will by operation 
of law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle which 
purchases the receivables. On a winding up of the special purpose vehicle such assets will only 
be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has 
issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In addition, the assets relating to a 
particular covered bond transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued 
under any other covered bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
In addition, the Competitività Decree introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 3 of 
Law 130, aimed at safeguarding collections generated in the context of a securitisation or 
covered bonds transaction. For this purpose, it is established that the bank accounts used in the 
context of this kind of transactions are not subject to actions by parties other than the holders 
of the securities of the specific transaction and that the possible commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against the depositary does not give rise to the suspension of payments on the sums 
standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same depositary, even in connection with 
sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the insolvency proceedings. Indeed, 
the Competitività Decree provides that such sums are immediately available, without any need 
for specific requests or claims in the context of the insolvency proceedings. 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a 
party to the transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding up 
proceedings against the special purpose vehicle in respect of any unpaid debt.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
    
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by article 58 paragraphs 2, 
3 and 4, of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Consolidated Banking 
Act”). The prevailing interpretation of these provisions, which view has been strengthened by 
article 4 of Law 130, is that:  
(a) 
as from the date of publication in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) of the notice of assignment of the relevant 
receivables in accordance with the applicable provisions of Article 58 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, the assignment of the relevant receivables will become 
enforceable against: 
(i) any creditors of the seller of the relevant receivables who have not commenced 
enforcement by means of obtaining an attachment order (pignoramento) prior to 
the date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant receivables; 
(ii) a receiver in the insolvency of the seller of the relevant receivables; and 
(iii) prior assignees of the relevant receivables who have not perfected their assignment 
by way of (A) notifying the assigned debtors or (B) making the assigned debtors 
acknowledge the assignment by an acceptance bearing a date certain at law (data 
certa) prior to the date of publication of the notice of assignment of the relevant 
receivables or in any other way permitted under applicable law, 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1265 of the Italian Civil 
Code as to making the assignment effective against third parties; and 
(b) 
as from the later of (A) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment of the 
relevant receivables, and (B) the date of registration (iscrizione) of such notice with the 
Companies’ Register of the district where the issuer is enrolled, in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, the assignment of 
the relevant receivables will also become enforceable against: 
(i) the assigned debtors; and 
(ii) a receiver in the insolvency of the assigned debtors (so that any payments made 
by an assigned debtor to the purchasing company may not be subject to any claw 
back action according to Article 67 of Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 
(the “Bankruptcy Law”) or the corresponding article of Legislative Decree n. 14 
dated 12 January 2019, from the date of its entry into force (the “New Insolvency 
Code”), 
without the need to follow the ordinary rules under Article 1264 of the Italian Civil 
Code as to making the assignment effective against the assigned debtor. 
The benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or securing repayment 
of the relevant receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same 
priority in favour of the special purpose vehicle, without the need for any formality or 
annotation. 
As from the date of publication of the assignment of the relevant receivables in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), no legal action 
may be brought to attach the relevant receivables, or the sums derived therefrom other than for 
the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and to meet the costs 
of the transaction.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
    
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under article 67 
of the Bankruptcy Law (or the corresponding article of the New Insolvency Code, from the date 
of its entry into force), but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three 
months of the adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of 
article 67 applies (or the corresponding provision of the New Insolvency Code, from the date 
of its entry into force) (e.g. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by the bankrupt 
party exceed by more than one-fourth the consideration received or promised), within six 
months of the adjudication of bankruptcy. The claw-back of the assignments applies save that 
the assignee proves that it was not aware of the insolvency of the assignor. 
Article 7-bis of Law 130 provides that the Covered Bond Guarantee and the subordinated loans 
to be granted to the special purpose vehicle to fund the payment of the purchase price for the 
cover pool are are exempt from the bankruptcy claw back provisions set out in article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law (or the corresponding article of the New Insolvency Code, from the date of its 
entry into force). 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose 
vehicle may not be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 of the Bankruptcy 
Law (or the corresponding article of the New Insolvency Code, from the date of its entry into 
force). 
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to article 3 of the MEF Decree the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent 
different from the issuer), will have to ensure that, in the context of the transaction, on a 
continuing basis, the following tests are satisfied on an ongoing basis: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or 
greater than, the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the Cover Pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the 
Guarantor, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging 
arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, 
the net present value of the outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the Cover Pool, net of the costs 
borne by the Guarantor, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by 
the Issuer under the outstanding Covered Bonds, taking also into account any hedging 
arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction. 
Integration Assets 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to article 
2 of the MEF Decree, in addition to assets which are eligible in accordance with Article 2, 
Paragraph 1 of the MEF Decree, the following assets (the “Integration Assets”) may be used 
for the purpose of the integration of the portfolio, in addition to Eligible Assets: 
(i) 
the creation of deposits with banks incorporated in Eligible States or in a State for 
which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential 
regulations for banks – standardised approach;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
    
(ii) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under (i) above, having a 
residual maturity not exceeding one year. 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the limits of 15% of the nominal 
value of the assets included in the portfolio. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130 and the MEF Decree, integration of the Cover 
Pool – whether through Eligible Assets or through Integration Assets – (the “Integration”) 
shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI 
Regulations. 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, the Integration is allowed exclusively for the 
purpose of (a) complying with the tests set out in the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any 
contractual overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements 
or (c) complying with the 15% limitation of the Integration Assets included in the portfolio. 
The limits to the assignment indicated above do not apply to the Integration. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 4 of the MEF Decree the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited 
recourse to the Cover Pool, irrevocable, first demand, unconditional and autonomous from the 
obligations assumed by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, such obligations 
shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor, limited recourse 
to the Guarantor’s available funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
Article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that the following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, 
generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee: (a) article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the 
guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) article 1941, para. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot 
exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more 
onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) article 1944, para. 2, providing, inter 
alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that 
the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the attachment is carried out against the 
guaranteed debtor; (d) article 1945, providing that the guarantor can raise against the creditor 
any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except for the 
objection relating to the lack of legal capacity; (e) article 1955, providing that a fideiussione 
shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the guarantor 
is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the 
creditor; (f) article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable 
where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third 
party, while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that 
recovering the receivable would have become significantly more difficult; (g) article 1957, 
providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has 
become due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed 
debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the Guarantor following a liquidation of the Issuer 
The MEF Decree sets out also certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment 
obligations of the Guarantor are isolated from those of the Issuer. To that effect it requires that

--- Page 185 ---
185 
    
the Covered Bond Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations 
thereunder shall not accelerate upon the Issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the 
Covered Bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that in the event of breach by the Issuer 
of its obligations vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor shall assume the obligations 
of the Issuer – within the limits of the portfolio – in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the Covered Bonds. The same provision applies where the Issuer is subject 
to mandatory liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by article 1186 
of the Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to article 4 of the MEF Decree, the 
limitation in the application of article 1186 of the Civil Code shall apply not only to the events 
expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the 
relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with article 4, para. 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the Issuer, the Guarantor shall exercise the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the Issuer. Any amount 
recovered by the Guarantor as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be 
included in the Cover Pool. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the 
limits of the powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of 
Covered Bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios 
to the Guarantor are passed, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the 
assigning bank shall request to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, 
on the basis of the activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe 
that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the assigned assets 
are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply when preparing its financial 
statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the 
book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on 
which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not 
required if any difference between the book value and the purchase price of the relevant assets 
is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the relevant assets and is not in any way 
related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the credit risk related to 
the relevant debtors. The management body of the issuing bank must ensure that the internal 
structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every six months and for each 
transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the Guarantor securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between Covered Bonds issued and the 
Receivables sold to the Guarantor for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with 
the MEF Decree;

--- Page 186 ---
186 
    
(c) 
compliance with the Limits to the Assignment and the rules on, and Limits to, the 
Integration set out by the BoI Regulations; 
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative 
agreements entered into in connection with the transaction; 
(e) 
completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant 
to art. 129, paragraph 7, of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that 
an assessment is carried out on the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis of 
specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and 
schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The BoI Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to 
carry out controls over the regularity of the transaction (regolarità dell’operazione) and the 
integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee (integrità della garanzia) (the Asset Monitor). Due 
to the latest amendments to the BoI Regulations, introduced by way of Part III, Chapter 3 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No 285 of 17 December 2013, 
the Asset Monitor is also requested to carry out controls over the information provided to 
investors (informativa agli investitori). Pursuant to BoI Regulations, the Asset Monitor shall be 
an auditing firm having adequate professional experience in relation to the tasks entrusted with 
the same and independent from (a) the bank entrusting the same and (b) the other entities which 
take part to the transaction. In order to meet this independence requirement the auditing firm 
entrusted with the monitoring must be different from the one entrusted with the auditing of the 
issuing bank and the selling bank (if different from the issuing bank) and the special purpose 
vehicle. 
The Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports on controls and assessments on the performance 
of transactions, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the 
bank which appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations refer to the provisions (art. 52 
and 61, para 5, of the Consolidated Banking Act), which impose on persons responsible for 
such control functions specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears 
to be aimed at ensuring that any irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the Guarantor can perform, in an orderly and timely manner, the 
obligations arising under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and 
liability management techniques for purposes of ensuring, including by way of specific controls 
at least every six months, that the payment dates of the cash-flows generated by the portfolio 
substantially match the payments dates with respect to payments due by the issuing bank under 
the Covered Bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the Covered Bonds transactions shall 
assume contractual undertakings allowing the issuing bank (and the assigning bank, if different) 
also acting as servicer (and any third party servicer, if appointed) to hold the information on the 
portfolio which are necessary to carry out the controls described in the BoI Regulations and for 
the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, including therein the obligations 
arising in connection with the participation to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi).

--- Page 187 ---
187 
    
Insolvency proceedings 
Insolvency proceedings (procedure di insolvenza) conducted under Italian law may take the 
form of, inter alia, a bankruptcy proceeding (fallimento), a composition agreement with 
creditors (concordato preventivo) under Article 160 and following of Royal Decree no. 267 of 
the Bankruptcy Law, or a debts restructuring agreement under Article 182-bis of the 
Bankruptcy Law (accordo di ristrutturazione dei debiti), or the corresponding articles of the 
New Insolvency Code, from the date of its entry into force. Insolvency proceedings are only 
applicable to businesses (imprese) either run by companies, partnerships or by individuals. An 
individual who is not a sole entrepreneur or an unlimited partner in a partnership is not subject 
to insolvency. 
A debtor can be declared bankrupt (fallito) and subject to fallimento (at its own initiative, or at 
the initiative of any of its creditors or, in certain cases, the public prosecutor) if it is not able to 
fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. If a bankruptcy proceeding is commenced, except for 
contrary provisions of the law, from the day of declaration of bankruptcy, no individual 
executory and precautionary action, even if relating to receivables fallen due during the 
bankruptcy proceeding, may be commenced or pursued against assets included in the 
bankruptcy proceeding. The debtor loses control over all of its assets and of the management 
of its business, which is taken over by a court appointed receiver (curatore fallimentare). Once 
judgment has been made by the court and the creditors’ claims have been approved, the sale of 
the debtor’s property is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan (approved by the 
delegated judge and the creditors’ committee) which may provide for the dismissal of the whole 
business or single business units, even through competitive procedures. 
A qualifying insolvent debtor may avoid being subject to a bankruptcy proceeding (fallimento) 
by proposing to its creditors a composition agreement (concordato preventivo) pursuant to 
Article 160 and following of the Bankruptcy Law (or the corresponding article of the New 
Insolvency Code, from the date of ints entry into force) which is a restructuring proceeding 
involving an arrangement by a debtor in a state of crisis or state of insolvency with its creditors, 
subject to court supervision, the aim of which is to restructure the business and thus avoid a 
declaration of bankruptcy of such debtor. Such proposal shall based on a plan describing 
proposed actions and activities to be performed in order to accomplish the financial 
restructuring of debtor’s business and to satisfy its creditors, which may provide for, among 
other things: (i) sales of assets, the assumption of debts or other extraordinary operations, such 
as the conversion of debt into equity, bonds, convertible bonds or other securities; (ii) the 
transfer of the business as a going concern to another entity (assuntore); (iii) the division of the 
creditors into separate classes consistent with their specific legal and economic characteristics; 
and (iv) different treatment for creditors belonging to different classes. Article 161 of the 
Bankruptcy Law, as amended respectively by Italian Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012, 
converted with amendments into Law No. 134 of 7 August 2012, and Italian Law Decree No. 
69 of 21 June 2013, converted into Law No. 98 of 9 August 2013, provides that a debtor in a 
state of crisis or state of insolvency may file a petition before the competent court containing a 
request in advance for a composition agreement (domanda di concordato anticipata). Such 
request may contain only the annual financial statements for the last three financial years and 
the list of creditors’ names with indication of the relevant credits. The debtor shall subsequently 
file the above mentioned plan, within the date set by the competent court. Together with the 
motivated decree setting such date, the competent court may nominate a court-appointed 
officeholder, following the provision of Article 161 paragraph 5, of the Bankruptcy Law that, 
pursuant to Article 170, paragraph 2 of the Bankruptcy Law, may examinate the financial 
statements of the debtor. From the date on which the petition for a composition agreement with 
creditors or the petition containing a request in advance for a composition agreement (domanda 
di concordato anticipata) is filed before the competent court, an “automatic stay” period is 
triggered, during which all creditors are prevented from recovering their debt or foreclosing on 
the debtor’s assets. The temporary “automatic stay” is effective until the date of final ratification

--- Page 188 ---
188 
    
(decreto di omologazione) of the composition agreement with creditors. Following the filing of 
the petition before the competent court, the relevant court evaluates whether conditions for 
admission to such proceeding are met. Should the court decide that the petition does not satisfy 
the requirements set out by law, the debtor’s petition is rejected and, if the debtor is in a state 
of insolvency, it may be declared bankrupt (fallito). If the conditions for admission are met, the 
relevant court will, inter alia, appoint the court-appointed officeholder (if it was not appointed 
by the competent court pursuant to Article 162, paragraph 5 of the Bankruptcy Law) who will 
notify each creditor of the date of the creditor’s meeting to vote on the plan proposed by the 
debtor. The composition agreement with creditors is approved with the affirmative vote of 
creditors representing the majority of credits admitted to vote. If there are different classes of 
creditors, the composition agreement with creditors is approved if the majority is reached also 
in the major number of classes. The court may ratify the composition agreement with creditors 
even if this has not been approved by the majority of creditors in one or more classes, provided 
that: (i) the majority of classes has approved the proposal; and (ii) the court believes that the 
creditor in a dissenting class will be in a position under the composition not worse than that in 
which they would be in case of any other feasible alternative. If creditors do not approve the 
composition agreement, the court will then declare its inadmissibility and may declare the 
debtor bankrupted if it is insolvent. On the contrary, if creditors approve the composition 
agreement, the designated judge, if all procedures have taken place regularly and in the absence 
of oppositions (or once possible oppositions have been dealt with and resolved), will ratify that 
approval. 
Pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Law, a debtor which is experiencing a state of 
crisis may require the ratification (omologazione) of a debts restructuring agreement (accordo 
di ristrutturazione dei debiti) entered into between it and its creditors representing at least 60% 
of the credits owed by it, by filing with the competent court the required corporate 
documentation and a certification of an expert - having certain characteristics - confirming (i) 
the feasibility of the debts restructuring agreement and (ii) its capability of procuring the regular 
payment of those creditors which are not a party to such debts restructuring agreement. The 
debts restructuring agreement must be published in the debtor’s companies’ register and shall 
be effective as of the date of its publication. For a period of 60 days from the date of its 
publication, the debts restructuring agreement shall determine an “automatic stay” period 
pursuant to which any creditor having a title against such debtor arisen in advance to the date 
of publication of the debts restructuring agreement, will not be allowed to commence or 
continue any enforcement or precautionary action on the assets of the debtor. If the debts 
restructuring agreement complies with all the requirements set out by law and it is feasible to 
aim its purposes, the court shall issue a decree (decreto di omologazione) validating such debts 
restructuring agreement. 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012 provides that consumers and other entities that cannot make use 
of the insolvency proceedings (Other Entities) may benefit from a procedure in order to 
reconstruct their own debts. Such procedure provides that the Other Entities may apply a special 
authority and the competent court in order to propose a recovery plan for their own debts. If 
such plan is approved it will be binding for the creditors. 
Law Decree No. 179 of 18 October 2012 as converted into Law No. 221 on 17 December 2012 
has amended the discipline provided for by Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012 and in particular 
some aspects regarding: 
(i) 
the setting of the recovery plan; 
(ii) 
the consumer insolvency (crisi del consumatore);  
(iii) 
the composition agreement related to insolvency proceedings and the subsequent 
discharge of residual debt by the court (esdebitazione). 
Furthermore, Law Decree number 83 of 22 June 2012 as converted with amendments into Law 
No. 134 of 17 August 2012, in order to accelerate the report of insolvencies and to favour the

--- Page 189 ---
189 
    
business administration continuity, allows the enterpreneur to claim for a composition 
agreement before having filed the required documentation. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche – Suspension of payments 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione straordinaria delle banche where (a) serious 
administrative irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s 
activity provided for by laws, regulations or the bank’s by-laws activity are found; (b) serious 
capital losses are expected to occur; (c) the dissolution has been the object of a request by the 
administrative bodies or an extraordinary company meeting providing the reasons for the 
request. 
According to the Consolidated Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by a decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance, acting on a proposal by the Bank of Italy, which shall 
dissolve the bodies entrusted respectively with management and control functions of the bank. 
Subsequently the Bank of Italy shall appoint, within 15 days as from the date of that decree: (a) 
one or more special administrator (commissari straordinari); (b) a surveillance committee 
composed of between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari 
straordinari are entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove the 
irregularities which may have been found and promote solutions in the best interest of the 
depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing functions and provides 
to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. 
However, it should be noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the 
commissari straordinari and the comitato di sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and 
limits concerning the management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act the 
commissari straordinari, in order to protect the interests of the creditors, in consultation with 
the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorization by the Bank of Italy, may suspend 
payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. 
Payments may be suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an 
additional period of two months. During the suspension period forced executions or actions to 
perfect security interests involving the bank’s properties or customers’ securities may not be 
initiated or prosecuted. During the same period mortgages may not be registered on the bank’s 
immovable property nor may any other rights of preference on the bank’s movable property be 
acquired, except in the case of enforceable court orders issued prior to the beginning of the 
suspension period. The suspension shall not trigger the insolvency of the bank. 
The amministrazione straordinaria delle banche shall last for one year from the date of issue 
of the decree of the Ministry of the Economy and Finance, unless the decree provides for a 
shorter period or the Bank of Italy authorises the early termination. In exceptional cases, the 
procedure may be extended for an additional period of up to six months. The Bank of Italy may 
extend the duration of the procedure for periods of up to two months, in connection with the 
acts and formalities related to the termination of the procedure, provided that the relevant acts 
to be executed have already been approved by the Bank of Italy. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps 
for the appointment of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After 
the appointment, the management and audit functions shall be transferred to the newly 
appointed bodies. It should however be noted that, should at the end of the procedure or at any 
earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the liquidazione coatta amministrativa 
(described in the following section) be met, then the bank may be subject to such procedure.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
    
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Consolidated Banking Act, when the conditions for the amministrazione 
straordinaria delle banche and described in the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious 
(di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has declared the state of insolvency of the bank, the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance, acting on a proposal of the Bank of Italy, by way of a decree, 
may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities and submit the bank to 
the compulsory winding up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
From the date of issue of the decree the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of 
the Shareholders’ meetings and of any other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank 
of Italy shall appoint (a) one or more liquidators (commissari liquidatori); (b) a surveillance 
committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their 
functions and in any case from the third day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance, the payment of any liabilities and the restitution of 
assets owned by third parties shall be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions 
that pertain to the bank and carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s 
assets. The comitato di sorveglianza shall (a) assist the commissari liquidatori in exercising 
their functions, (b) control the activities carried out by commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide 
to the commissari liquidatori the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. The 
Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and establish 
that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to 
preliminary consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Consolidated Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s 
liabilities (accertamento del passivo), and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims 
have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to 
authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and 
legal relationships identifiable as a pool (in blocco). Such assets may be assigned at any stage 
of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been deposited. The assignor shall however 
be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato passivo. Subject to prior 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximizing profits deriving from the 
liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity or of 
specific going concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the 
comitato di sorveglianza. In such case the provision of the Bankruptcy Law concerning the 
termination of legal relationships shall not apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last 
restitution to customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing 
statement of accounts of the liquidation, the financial statement and the allotment plan, 
accompanied by their own report and a report by the surveillance committee.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
    
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions” 
and, each of them, a “Condition”). In these Conditions, references to the “holder of Covered 
Bonds” and to the “Covered Bondholders” are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, 
dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the 
provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and 
the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of, and are bound by, and shall have the 
benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to, and forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, complete 
the Conditions for the purpose of such Series or Tranche. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(i) 
Programme: Deutsche Bank S.p.A. (the Issuer) has established a covered bond 
programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to €4,000,000,000 in aggregate 
principal amount of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) (the Covered 
Bonds) guaranteed by DB Covered Bond S.r.l. (the Guarantor). Covered Bonds are 
issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended, the Law 
130), Decree of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006 No. 
310 (as amended, the MEF Decree) and the supervisory instructions of the Bank of 
Italy relating to covered bonds under Part III, Chapter 3, of circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” as further 
implemented and amended (the BoI Regulations and jointly with the Law 130 and the 
MEF Decree, the OBG Regulations). 
(ii) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Covered Bonds. Each Series or 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the Final Terms) which integrate and complete 
these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as integrated and/or completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(iii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is the subject of a 
guarantee (the Covered Bond Guarantee) entered into on or about the Issue Date by 
the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for the 
purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series or Tranche issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be collateralised by a Cover Pool (as defined below) constituted by 
certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Law 130, the MEF Decree and the BoI Regulations. The recourse of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the 
assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of 
Payments (as defined below).

--- Page 192 ---
192 
    
(iv) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement: in respect of each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the 
Issuer the issue price for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a 
programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the dealer named therein (the Dealers), as supplemented (if applicable) 
by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Relevant Dealer (as defined below) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms 
(the Subscription Agreement). In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer has 
appointed Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in such capacity, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), as 
described in Condition 13 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(v) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: in a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(Monte Titoli) (the Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement), Monte Titoli has agreed to 
provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration services in relation to the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form.  
(vi) 
The Covered Bonds: except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these 
Conditions to Covered Bonds are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
relevant Final Terms, but all references to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) 
each other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which 
remains outstanding from time to time. 
(vii) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders: the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. 
References in these Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto. 
(viii) 
Summaries: certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction 
Documents and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the 
provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction 
Documents are available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of each 
of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
(i) 
Definitions: in these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
Acceleration Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon 
the occurrence of any of the Guarantor Events of Default. 
Accounts means, collectively the Transaction Account, the Investment Account, the 
Reserve Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Expense Account, the Collateral 
Account and Account means any one of them.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
    
Account Bank means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Account Bank Report means a statement of the Accounts relating to the preceding 
Collection Period, which will include the balance of the Accounts as of the close of 
business of the last Business Day of the relevant calendar month, which the Account 
Bank will deliver to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Accrued Interest means in respect of a Mortgage Loan at any date the aggregate of all 
interest accrued but not yet due and payable from (and including) the payment date for 
that Mortgage Loan immediately preceding the relevant date to (but excluding) the 
relevant date. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the 
formula set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to it under the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Affected Party has the meaning ascribed to it in the Swap Agreements. 
Amortisation Test means the test intended to ensure that, on each Calculation Date 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay, 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Article 74 Event has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(ii). 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means a notice delivered by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, informing 
such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant 
Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A., or any other entity appointed from time to 
time to act as such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the Asset Monitor Agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time, between, inter alios, the 
Asset Monitor and the Issuer.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
    
Asset Swap means the asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Asset Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest 
rate risks, and eventually currency risks, in respect of amounts received by the 
Guarantor under the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets. 
Asset Swap Counterparty means any entity acting as such under the Asset Swap. 
Available Funds means, collectively, (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal 
Available Funds and (c) the Excess Proceeds, provided that the Available Funds do not 
include the Swap Collateral. 
Back-up Servicer has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing Agreement. 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing 
Agreement.  
Business Day means a day on which banks are generally open for business in Milan, 
London and Luxembourg and on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time 
Gross Transfer System (TARGET 2) (or any Successor thereto) is open. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning ascribed 
to it in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may 
have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
brought back to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds 
to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the

--- Page 195 ---
195 
    
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Breach of Test Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Calculation Agent means DB S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Date means the 20th day of January, April, July and October of each year 
or, if the last day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; the 
first Calculation Date will fall in October 2012. 
Call Option has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement means the cash management and agency 
agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time, 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent and the Principal Paying Agent. 
Cash Manager means DB S.p.A. acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
Cash Manager Report means a report which will include details of all investments 
made during the Collection Period immediately preceding and which the Cash Manager 
will deliver in electronic form to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Servicer and 
the Calculation Agent. 
CB Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment 
Date (or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date). 
CB Payment Date means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms 
and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period

--- Page 196 ---
196 
    
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of 
the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other 
case). 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
Collateral Account means a euro-denominated account opened in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Collection Date means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December 
of each year; the first Collection Date will fall in September 2012. 
Collection Period means each period from (but excluding) a Collection Date to (and 
including) the following Collection Date or, in respect of the first Collection Period, 
the period from (and including) the Evaluation Date of the transfer of the Initial 
Portfolio to (and including) the next following Collection Date. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Consolidated Banking Act means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement entered into 
on or about the Initial Issue Date between Banca Finint as corporate servicer and the 
Guarantor, as amended from time to time. 
Covered Bondholders means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to 
which is evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and 
Title). 
Covered Bond Swap means any covered bond swap agreement that may be entered 
into between the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order 
to hedge certain interest rate risks, and eventually currency risks, in respect of amounts 
received by the Guarantor under the Mortgage Pool Swap, the Asset Swap (if any) and 
certain amounts to be paid in respect of the Subordinated Loan and the Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty means any entity acting as such under the 
Covered Bond Swap. 
Covered Bond Instalment Date means a date on which a principal instalment is due 
on a Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Cover Pool means collectively the Eligible Assets and/or the Integration Assets held 
by the Guarantor. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement means the cover pool administration 
agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time, 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent 
CSA means the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the 
Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
    
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 (Fixed rate) is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vi) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the CB Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a 
CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
    
(vii) 
if 30/360 (Floating Rate) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 199 ---
199 
    
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period 
to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealer means Deutsche Bank S.p.A. and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and any 
other dealer appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Due for Payment Date has the meaning ascribed to it under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(v) (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be

--- Page 200 ---
200 
    
specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Eligible Assets means the Mortgage Loans, the Public Assets and the ABS. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any 
State which is a member of the European Union or of the United States (to the extent 
that United States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance 
with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardized approach) and 
enabled to carry out banking activity in Italy: 
c) 
whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
are rated at least “P-3” by Moody’s, or long-term deposit rating are rated at least 
“Baa3” by Moody’s , or such other rating as may from time to time comply with 
Moody’s criteria, provided that, with respect to DB S.p.A., it shall be deemed to 
be an Eligible Institution if: (i) the rating requirements set out under this 
paragraph (a) above are met in respect of its controlling parent company, being 
DB AG; and (ii) the shareholding interest held in it by its controlling parent 
company does not fall below 90 per cent.; or 
d) 
whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
guaranteed by an entity whose short-term counterparty risk assessment is at least 
“P-3” by Moody’s  or long-term counterparty risk assessment is at least “Baa3”  
by Moody’s. 
Eligible Investments means: 
(a) 
any investment denominated in Euro that has a remaining maturity date falling, 
or which is redeemable at par together with accrued unpaid interest, no later 
than the earlier of (i) the maturity reported in the table below and (ii) the 
Liquidation Date immediately preceding the CB Payment Date of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds and that is an obligation of a company incorporated 
in, or a sovereign issuer of, a Qualifying Country, and is one or more of the 
following obligations or securities (including, without limitation, any 
obligations or securities for which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or an affiliate of any of them provides services):  
(i) 
direct obligations of any agency or instrumentality of a sovereign of 
a Qualifying Country, the obligations of which agency or 
instrumentality are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in full 
by that Qualifying Country;  
(ii) 
call and time or term deposits in, certificates of deposit of and 
bankers’ acceptances issued by any depositary institution or trust 
company (including, without limitation, the Account Bank) 
incorporated under the laws of a Qualifying Country and subject to 
supervision and examination by governmental banking authorities, 
provided that such investments shall have a minimum rating equal to 
the ones reported on the following table:  
Maturity                                               Rating  
Moody’s

--- Page 201 ---
201 
    
Less than 365 calendar days                   P-1  
Less than 30 calendar days                    P-2;  
(iii) 
any security rated at least (A) “P-2” by Moody’s, if the relevant 
maturity is up to 30 calendar days, (B) “P-1” by Moody’s, if the 
relevant maturity is up to 365 calendar days and (C) “Aaa” by 
Moody’s, if the relevant maturity is greater than 365 days, provided 
that, in all cases, the maximum aggregate total exposures in general 
to classes of assets with certain ratings may be limited by the Rating 
Agency;  
(iv) 
any Eligible Asset, provided that, in all cases, such investments shall 
from time to time comply with Rating Agency’s criteria;  
(v) 
subject to the rating of the Covered Bonds not being affected, 
unleveraged repurchase obligations with respect to: (1) commercial 
paper or other short-term obligations having, at the time of such 
investment, a credit rating of at least “A2” and “P1” by Moody’s and 
a maturity of not more than 90 days from their date of issuance; (2) 
any other investment similar to those described in paragraph (1) 
above: (a) provided that any such other investment will not affect the 
rating of the Covered Bonds; and (b) which has the same rating as the 
investment described in paragraph (1) above, provided that, in any 
event, none of the  investments set out above may consist, in whole 
or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar 
claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means of credit 
derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the 
context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such 
instruments at any time;  
(b) 
in relation to the investment of any other funds,  
(i) 
a cash deposit held by an Eligible Institution; and/or  
(ii) 
any other debt instrument (including any repurchase transaction, 
certificate of deposit, commercial paper, debt security) issued or fully 
guaranteed by an Eligible Institution,  
provided that in all cases such investments shall from time to time comply with Rating 
Agency’s criteria and that all investments shall have a duration no longer than the 
Liquidation Date immediately following the date on which the relevant Eligible 
Investment has been made or at disposable at no loss. 
Eligible States means any State belonging to the European Economic Area and the  
Swiss Confederation. 
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing 
the European Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
    
Evaluation Date  has the meaning ascribed to it in the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Excess Proceeds means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any 
enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 4, Paragraph 3, of the 
MEF Decree. 
Expense 
Account 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
account 
with 
IBAN: 
GB15DEUT40508176482404, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance with the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
Extension Determination Date means the date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry 
of seven days from (and including) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. 
Extended Instalment Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the date if any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the 
payment of all or (as applicable) part of an Instalment Amount payable on the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(iv) (Extension 
of principal instalments). 
Extended Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the date if any specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the 
payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(ii) (Extension of Maturity). 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in respect 
of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond. 
First CB Payment Date means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Provisions). 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Interest Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Guaranteed Amounts means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with 
respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the 
Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount 
equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest

--- Page 203 ---
203 
    
and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the 
Maturity Date shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been 
clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, 
in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified 
in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed 
Back Amounts). In each case the Guaranteed Amounts does not include any additional 
amounts payable under Condition 10(i) (Gross up by Issuer). 
Guarantor Events of Default has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(iii) 
(Guarantor Events of Default). 
Guarantor Payment Date means the 26th day of each months of October, January, 
April and July, or if the last day is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall in October 2012. 
Initial Issue Date means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Initial Receivables means the first portfolio of certain Eligible Assets transferred by 
the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable 
bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, insolvency, composition with 
creditors or insolvent reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
“fallimento”, “liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “concordato preventivo”, 
“accordi di ristrutturazione” and (other than in respect of the Issuer)  
“amministrazione straordinaria”, each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of 
liquidation, winding-up, insolvent reorganisation, dissolution, administration) 
or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento 
or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the 
Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes 
of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, (who may in this respect rely 
on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above 
is made in respect of or by such company, entity or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company or corporation and, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in 
this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with 
a reasonable prospect of success; or

--- Page 204 ---
204 
    
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, 
in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of 
payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution 
pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation 
or any of the events under article 2484 of the Civil Code occurs with respect 
to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up, 
corporate reorganization or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or an extraordinary resolution of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings 
equivalent or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in 
which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Instalment Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 8(iii) (Redemption by 
instalments). 
Instalment Extension Determination Date means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date, the date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry of seven days from 
(and including) such Covered Bond Instalment Date. 
Integration Assets means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, point 2 and 
3, of the MEF Decree consisting of (a) deposits held with banks which (i) have their 
registered office in an Eligible State or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach; and (ii) qualify as Eligible Institutions; and (b) securities issued 
by banks indicated in item (a) above having residual maturity not greater than one year. 
Integration Assets Limit means the limit of 15% (of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the Cover Pool) of Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool, 
as provided for under the Decree No. 310 and the BoI Regulation, or any other limit 
set out in the future in the applicable regulation. 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date, as amended from time to time, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Seller, 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and a 
CB Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche 
for that CB Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the 
aggregate of:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
    
(i) 
any interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited 
into the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer 
and credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and 
paid on the Accounts during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Mortgage 
Pool Swap; 
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Covered 
Bond Swaps (other than any Swap Collateral); 
(vii) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a 
Swap Agreement, provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default, such amounts will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap 
Counterparty to enter into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a 
Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered into by or on behalf 
of the Guarantor; 
(viii) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor amounts standing to 
the credit of the Reserve Fund in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(ix) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Interest Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the 
Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(x) 
the Potential Commingling Amount if such amount has been credited in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred. 
Interest Commencement Date means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Investment Account means a euro-denominated opened in the name of the Guarantor 
with IBAN: GB69DEUT40508176482402, opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance with the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
    
Investor Report means a report setting out certain information with respect to the 
Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds which the Calculation Agent shall prepare and 
deliver to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Cash Manager and the Calculation Agent. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and available on www.ISDA.org. 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(iv) (ISDA Determination). 
Issue Date has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Events of Default has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(i) (Issuer 
Events of Default). 
Liquidation Date  means the date of disinvestment of the Eligible Investments made 
by the Cash Manager in respect of each Collection Period falling not later than one 
Business Day following the Servicer Report Date; the first Liquidation Date will fall 
in October 2012. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent means Deutsche Luxembourg Societe Anonime. 
Mandatory Tests means the tests provided for under article 3 of the MEF Decree. 
Margin has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Master Transfer Agreement means the master transfer agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time, between the Seller and the 
Guarantor 
Maturity Date has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Meeting has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered 
office at Via Mantegna, 6, 20154 Milan, Italy. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and

--- Page 207 ---
207 
    
includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System. 
Moody’s means Moody’s Investors Service, Limited. 
Mortgage Loans means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari 
residenziali) pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree. 
Mortgage Cover Pool means, collectively, all the Mortgage Loans. 
Mortgage Pool Swap means any portfolio swap agreement that may be entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to 
hedge interest rate risk on the Mortgage Cover Pool. 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty means any swap counterparty which agrees to 
act as such under the Mortgage Pool Swap.  
Notice to Pay means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Official Gazette means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Order means a final, non-appealable judicial or arbitration decision, ruling or award 
from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders means the association of the Covered 
Bondholders, organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal 
amount outstanding of such loan, bond, Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset 
at such date. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment 
are open for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies and any day which is:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
    
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payments Report means a payments report which the Calculation Agent will 
distribute to the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Account Bank and the Corporate Servicer. 
Payment Report Date means two (2) Business Days preceding each Guarantor 
Payment Date; the first Payment Report Date will fall in October 2012. 
Paying Agents means the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent and each 
other paying agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which 
such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered 
Bonds. 
Post-Acceleration Report means a report containing the amount of the Available 
Funds, the Eligible Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and 
allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance to the Intercreditor Agreement 
which the Calculation Agent shall deliver to the Servicer Report, the Cash Manager 
Report, the Account Bank Report and evidence of the expenses and costs incurred by 
the Guarantor with respect to the preceding Collection Period from the Corporate 
Servicer. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a 
Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Potential Commingling Amount has the meaning ascribed to it in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments means the order of 
priority pursuant to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
    
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments means the order of 
priority pursuant to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the 
aggregate of: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables 
and credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and 
credited to the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iii) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(iv) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving from the sale of the 
Receivables under (iii) above, all proceeds deriving from the liquidation of 
Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(v) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap 
Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral); 
(vi) 
any amounts to be transferred pursuant to item (x) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
(vii) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Interest Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the 
Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Priority of Payments means each of the orders in which the Available Funds shall be 
applied on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Programme Limit means up to Euro 4,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
    
Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal 
amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
Public Assets means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of MEF Decree, any 
receivables owned or securitues issued by, or having the benefit of a guarantee eligible 
for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(a) 
Public Entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, located 
within an Eligible State for which a risk weight not exceeding 20% is applicable 
in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach; and 
(b) 
Public Entities, located outside an Eligible State, for which a 0% risk weight is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks 
– standardised approach – or regional or local public entities or non-economic 
administrative entities, located outside an Eligible State, for which a risk weight 
not exceeding 20% is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s 
prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach, 
provided that the Public Assets may not amount to more than 10% of the aggregate 
nominal value of the Cover Pool and further provided that such limit may be 
temporarily exceeded if necessary in order to cure a breach of Tests. 
Public Entities has the meaning ascribed to such term in article 2, letter (c) of MEF 
Decree. 
Put Option has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Paying Agents to a depositing 
Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agents by any 
Covered Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option 
of the Covered Bondholder. 
Qualifying Country means a country rated at the time of such investment or 
contractual commitment providing for such investment in such obligations, at least P-
2 by Moody’s. 
Quota Capital Account means a euro-denominated account with IBAN: 
IT08I0103061622000061259034, opened in the name of the Guarantor with Banca 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., or any other account as may replace it in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the quotaholder agreement executed on or about the 
Initial Issue Date, by, inter alios, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
    
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of 
these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s Investors Services Limited and/or any other rating 
agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any 
issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme. 
Receivables means collectively the Initial Receivables and any other Subsequent 
Receivables which have been purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first CB Payment Date and each 
successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but excluding 
the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) 
on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other 
than the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other 
than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as a clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be 
made.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
    
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable 
has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by 
the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer means, in relation to a Series or Tranche, the Dealer which is party 
to any agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer of such Series 
or Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders means the entity that will act as 
representative of the holders of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to 
the Transaction Documents. 
Required Reserve Amount means (a) if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s, 
nil or such other amount as the Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from time to time and 
otherwise, an amount which will be determined on each Payment Report Date and 
which will be equal to one-third of the estimate of the quarterly amount payable under 
items from (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment at 
the following Payment Report Date; or (b) any other higher amount that may be 
required by the relevant implementing provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered 
bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU and communicated by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent before each 
relevant Payment Report Date. 
Reserve 
Account 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
account 
with 
IBAN: 
GB96DEUT40508176482401, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance with the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
Reserve Fund means any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account up to 
the Required Reserve Amount. 
Scheduled Interest means the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Dates 
falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but excluding any 
additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest: the 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts) but including such Excluded Scheduled 
Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of an Acceleration

--- Page 213 ---
213 
    
Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity 
Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) or where 
applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made under 
the circumstances set out in the Conditions.  
Scheduled Principal means the amount in respect of principal which would have been 
due and payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Dates or 
the Maturity Date (as the case may be) (but excluding any additional amounts relating 
to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, or premiums: 
the Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts) but including such Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of an Acceleration 
Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity 
Date and, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to 
relevant Series or Tranche, if the maturity date of such Series or Tranche had been the 
Extended Maturity Date. Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(iii) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Secured Creditors means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Corporate Servicer, 
the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Asset Monitor, 
the Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Calculation Agent. 
Securities Account means the securities account that may be opened in the future in 
the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank.  
Selected Assets has the meaning ascribed to it in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Seller means DB S.p.A. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Servicer means DB S.p.A. 
Servicer Report means a statement including information on the activity of the 
Servicer in the preceeding three months, which the Servicer will deliver to the 
Transferee, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agency. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date as amended from time to time, between the Guarantor and the 
Servicer. 
Specified Currency has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
    
Specified Office means with reference to the Principal Paying Agent, Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB or such other office in the same 
city or town as the Principal Paying Agent may specify by notice to the Issuer and the 
other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the manner provided 
therein. 
Specified Period has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means the subordinated loan agreement entered into 
on or about the Initial Issue Date as amended from time to time, between the 
Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor. 
Subordinated Loan Provider means the DB S.p.A. and any successor thereof, 
appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Subsequent Receivables means the Eligible Assets or Integration Assets comprised in 
any portfolio of receivables, other than the portfolio of Initial Receivables, which may 
be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of 
the Master Transfer Agreement (other than deposits with banks residing in Eligible 
States pursuant to Article 2, para. 3 of the MEF Decree). 
Subsidiary has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Swap Agreements means collectively the Mortgage Pool Swaps, the Covered Bond 
Swaps and the Asset Swaps. 
Swap Collateral means at any time, any asset (including, without limitation, cash 
and/or securities) transferred by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the relevant CSA. 
Swap Counterparties means the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties, the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties and, as the case may be, the Asset Swap Counterparty. 
TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which 
was launched on 19 November 2007. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open. 
Test Performance Report means the report to be made available, on each Calculation 
Date, including following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
Transaction 
Account 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
with 
IBAN: 
GB26DEUT40508176482400, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
    
Transaction Documents means collectively the Master Transfer Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Corporate Servicer 
Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Italian Deed of Pledge, the Swap 
Agreements, the Deed of Charge, the Subscription Agreement, the Mandate 
Agreement, this Base Prospectus and any document or agreement which supplement, 
amend or restate the content of any of the above mentioned documents and any further 
documents which is necessary in the context of the Programme. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means the warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between the Seller and the Guarantor. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
(ii) 
Interpretation: in these Conditions: 
(A) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 10 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(B) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(C) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(i) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(D) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to 
such Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(E) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and 
the Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in 
accordance with the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party 
thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor 
to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional party to 
such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect 
of a single Series or Tranche only; and 
(F) 
any reference in any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary 
legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same 
may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
    
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a 
minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral 
multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised 
form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders. The Covered Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, 
and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in accordance with the 
provisions of (i) Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial Law and the relevant 
implementing regulations, and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of 
Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 
2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time. No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with this Conditions and the Rules 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
4. 
STATUS AND GUARANTEE 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of 
a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds 
realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on 
their behalf. 
(ii) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect 
of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor. The recourse of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the 
Cover Pool. Any payment made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall discharge the corresponding obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds 
vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(iii) 
Priority of Payments: amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
FIXED RATE PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Application: this Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: the Covered Bonds bear interest on its Outstanding Principal 
Balance from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on each CB Payment

--- Page 217 ---
217 
    
Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, or as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date.  Each Covered Bond will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has 
notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: the amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any CB Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(iv) 
Calculation of interest amount: the amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
6. 
FLOATING RATE INTEREST PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Application: this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable to the 
Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: the Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal 
Balance from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which

--- Page 218 ---
218 
    
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Principal Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal 
Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest 
to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent) quoted by 
major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of 
the relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during 
such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect 
of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where ISDA Rate in relation to any CB 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Paying Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as Paying Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 219 ---
219 
    
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(v) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: if any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(vi) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: the Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each CB 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-
unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the 
case of euro, means one cent. 
(vii) 
Calculation of other amounts: if the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent, then the Principal Paying 
Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(viii) 
Publication: the Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) 
to be notified to the Italian Paying Agent and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders.  The Principal Paying Agent will 
be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant CB Interest 
Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, 
the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(ix) 
Notifications etc: all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agent, the Covered Bondholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(x) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (or the person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest

--- Page 220 ---
220 
    
and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (with the Issuer’s agreement) a 
Successor Rate, or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 6(x)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with this Condition 
6(x)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with this Condition 6(x)).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(x) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following 
Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 6(x) shall apply to the 
immediately following Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(x).  
If the Independent Adviser determines with the Issuer’s agreement that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 6(x) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6(x) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(x) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(x) in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 6(x) and the Independent Adviser determines, with 
the Issuer’s agreement, (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Principal Paying Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with this Condition 6(x), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Covered Bondholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date

--- Page 221 ---
221 
    
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 6(x)).  
Should the Issuer seek to adopt an Alternative Rate to replace the EURIBOR or appoint 
an Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 6(x), the Issuer and/or the 
Independent Adivoser will take into account the operational requirements of the 
Principal Paying Agent, or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), in 
determining such Alternative Rate and the associated operational matters. Should the 
Principal Paying Agent, or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), be 
unable to perform the necessary calculations or is unsure of what action to take, the 
Principal Paying Agent, or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), may 
seek instructions from the Issuer and shall not be responsible for any failure or delay 
by the Issuer in providing such instructions. 
 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(x) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) 
where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(x); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Covered Bondholders.  
As used in this Condition 6(x):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided

--- Page 222 ---
222 
    
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s agreement, determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or    
(C)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s agreement, determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s 
agreement, determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser (with the Issuer’s agreement) determines in accordance with this 
Condition 6(x) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the “Specified Future Date”), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such

--- Page 223 ---
223 
    
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent  to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Covered Bondholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, 
if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(x).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6(x). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
ZERO COUPON PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Application: this Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable to the Covered 
Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(ii) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: if the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are

--- Page 224 ---
224 
    
received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(i) 
Scheduled redemption: unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
specified below, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 8(ii) (Extension of Maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments).  
(ii) 
Extension of maturity: without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available under the relevant Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, 
then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor 
on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and 
service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of 
which an Extension of Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall 
be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the Article 74 
Event Cure Notice has been served. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant 
Maturity Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor 
to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor 
give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the relevant Due for 
Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) 
available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu 
amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata in part 
payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting 
interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the 
Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption

--- Page 225 ---
225 
    
Amount not so paid on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described 
above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and 
be payable on the Maturity Date and on each CB Payment Date up to and on the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the Maturity 
Date by the Guarantor shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(iii) 
Redemption by instalments: If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in 
such number of instalments, in such amounts (Instalment Amounts) and on such dates 
as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and 
upon each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 8(iii) (Redemption by 
instalments), the outstanding principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be 
reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
(iv) 
Extension of principal instalments: without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), if an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in 
instalments and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, following the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent on its behalf 
determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant 
Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Instalment 
Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the 
date falling on the Instalment Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided 
below), payment by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each of (a) 
such Instalment Amount and (b) all subsequently due and payable Instalment Amounts 
shall be deferred until the Extended Instalment Date provided that any amount 
representing the Instalment Amounts due and remaining unpaid after the Instalment 
Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment Date 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Instalment Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and 
service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of 
which an extension of principal instalments in accordance with this Condition 8(iv) 
(Extension of principal instalments) has occurred, and any payable Instalment Amount 
shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Instalment Amount in respect of a 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee.  Any 
failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
    
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the relevant Due for 
Payment Date following the applicable Instalment Extension Determination Date until 
the applicable Extended Instalment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher 
ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) 
pro rata in part payment of an amount equal to the relevant Instalment Amount in 
respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such amounts on such date. The 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the 
Instalment Amount not so paid on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as 
described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and 
be payable on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date and on each CB Payment 
Date up to and on the Extended Instalment Date. 
Where an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the 
relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date by the Guarantor shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
(v) 
Redemption for tax reasons: the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(A) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(B) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an CB Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the

--- Page 227 ---
227 
    
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent with 
copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred (and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Italian Paying Agent and the 
Principal Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the Covered Bondholders). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(v) (Redemption 
for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with this Condition 8(v) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
(vi) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: if the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem 
the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(vii) 
Partial redemption: if the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date 
in accordance with Condition 8(vi) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System 
(to be reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction 
in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the 
rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. 
The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(vi) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(viii) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: if the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Covered 
Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise 
the option contained in this Condition 8(viii) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal Paying 
Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Principal 
Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered 
Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(viii) (Redemption at 
the option of Covered Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date

--- Page 228 ---
228 
    
(Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at 
such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Principal 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(viii) (Redemption at the option of 
Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Principal Paying Agent 
shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(ix) 
No other redemption: the Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(i) (Scheduled redemption) to (viii) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) above. 
(x) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal 
to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered 
Bonds become due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 8(x) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(xi) 
Purchase: the Issuer or any of the other banks belonging to the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Group may at any time purchase or procure others to purchase for its account Covered 
Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or any of the other banks belonging to the 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group, cancelled. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered 
Bonds at any time. 
(xii) 
Cancellation: all Covered Bonds which are redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
(xiii) 
Redemption due to illegality: the Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of such 
notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of 
any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the 
Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or

--- Page 229 ---
229 
    
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before 
the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(xiii) (Redemption due to 
illegality) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
(i) 
Payments through clearing systems: payment of interest and repayment of principal in 
respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of 
Monte Titoli, by the Italian Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts 
with Monte Titoli are credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by 
such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts 
of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing 
Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners 
of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli 
and of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(ii) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
Covered Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(iii) 
Payments on business days: if the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Covered Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered 
Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the 
next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
TAXATION 
(i) 
Gross up by the Issuer: all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered 
Bond: 
(A) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or other 
proceeds of any Covered Bonds on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to

--- Page 230 ---
230 
    
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from time to time 
(Decree No. 239); or 
(B) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Covered Bond by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of 
such Covered Bond; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but 
has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting such Covered Bond for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts 
is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction 
is required pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of September 29, 
1973; or 
(G) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where 
such withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 
of September 30, 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time; or 
(C) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond 
to a Paying Agent in another Member State of the EU; or 
(D) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
“Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(ii) 
Taxing jurisdiction: if the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy 
shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
    
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(i) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of Default) occurs and is 
continuing: 
(A) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of 15 days or more to pay any principal or 
redemption amount or any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche when due; or 
(B) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation 
to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and (except where, in 
the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such 
default is not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be required), and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying 
that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is capable of 
remedy; or 
(C) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met at, 
or prior to, the next Calculation Date unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders resolves by 
Extraordinary Resolution otherwise; or 
(D) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
(E) 
an Article 74 Event; 
this sentence follow from previous page, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve the Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor that an Issuer 
Event of Default has occurred, (specifying, in case of  an Article 74 Event, that the 
Issuer Event of Default may be temporary) unless an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise. In case on conflict between the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Extraordinary Resolution passed in a Meeting, the latter 
will prevail. 
(ii) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(A) 
each series and/or tranche of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer 
and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided 
that (a) such events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (b) 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall pay an amount 
equal to the Guaranteed Amounts, subject to and in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Due for Payment 
Date, (c) in accordance with terms and conditions provided for by the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and with Article 4, Para. 3, of the MEF Decree and pursuant 
to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall

--- Page 232 ---
232 
    
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-
vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Available Funds provided that (d) in case of an Article 74 Event, the effects 
listed in items from (a) to (c) above will only apply for as long as the 
Suspension Period and accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with the 
MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) upon 
the end of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting 
the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of 
doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer); 
(B) 
the Guarantor shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders 
irrevocably delegate – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Guarantor 
– to the Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce 
the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment 
provisions provided under these Conditions or under the applicable legislation. 
For this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of 
the Covered Bondholders, upon request of the Guarantor, shall provide the 
Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem 
reasonably necessary or expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the 
timely and correct performance of its mandate. 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed 
such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered Bondholders to revoke 
such delegation and take any such individual action against the Issuer; 
(C) 
without prejudice to paragraph (A) above, interest and principal falling due on 
the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the 
manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments to creditors 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(D) 
the Mandatory Tests shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test 
shall be also applied; 
(E) 
no further Covered Bonds will be issued.  
Suspension Period means the period of time following a resolution pursuant to Article 
74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the Article 74 
Event), in which the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the 
entire period in which the suspension continues. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
(iii) 
Guarantor Events of Default

--- Page 233 ---
233 
    
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to 
Pay, if any of the following events (each, a Guarantor Events of Default) occurs and 
is continuing: 
(A) 
default by the Guarantor for a period of 15 days or more in the payment of any 
amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche; or 
(B) 
breach of the Mandatory Tests or the Amortisation Test on any Calculation 
Date; or 
(C) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation 
to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and (except where, in 
the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such 
default is not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be required), and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, 
certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such 
failure is capable of remedy; or 
(D) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, subject to be indemnified 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, serve the Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor that 
a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise. In case on conflict between the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Extraordinary Resolution passed in a Meeting, the latter 
will prevail. 
(iv) 
Effect of an Acceleration Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
delivers an Acceleration Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(A) 
the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; 
(B) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default is triggered with respect to a Series or Tranche, 
each Series and/or Tranche of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same 
time against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari 
passu amongst themselves; and 
(C) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest and any other 
amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable 
under Condition 10(i) (Gross up by Issuer) in accordance with the Priority of 
Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; and

--- Page 234 ---
234 
    
(D) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant 
to Condition 11(iv)(B) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any steps and 
proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall, subject 
to be indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, not be bound to take any 
such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 
(Events of Default) by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within 
ten years (in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date 
thereof. 
13. 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
(i) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue 
of, the issuance of the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds under the Programme 
and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of all 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are 
outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
(ii) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, 
in these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders), in the Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for 
the period commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of 
its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative 
and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any 
agreement entered into from time to time by the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 235 ---
235 
    
Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory 
thereto; and 
(B) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without 
prejudice for the provisions set forth under article 1229 of the Italian Civil 
Code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or 
incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of 
any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
14. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON PETITION 
(i) 
Limited recourse: the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of 
the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the OBG 
Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(ii) 
Non petition: only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the 
remedies available under the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and no 
Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor to 
obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
In particular: 
(A) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, 
otherwise than as permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond 
Guarantee or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(B) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as 
expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, have the right to take or 
join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for the purpose of 
obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(C) 
until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series 
and/or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme, or 
any other similar programme established for the issuance of covered bond 
guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in 
priority or pari passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its 
behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate 
or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Guarantor; 
and 
(D) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any 
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would 
result in the Priority of Payments not being complied with.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
    
15. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with 
the Covered Bonds, the Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, 
following service of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration Notice, as agent of the 
Guarantor and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these 
Conditions. Any additional Paying Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a 
paying agent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a 
paying agent in an EU member state that will not be obliged to withhold or 
deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any other 
Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 
26-27 November 2000; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a paying agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall maintain a paying agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, 
create and issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the 
Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds.  
Should the Issuer cease to comply with the requirements set forth by the OBG 
Regulations and any other applicable regulation to Italian banks in connection with the 
issue of covered bonds, no further Covered Bonds will be issued under the Programme 
and the Issuer shall take any steps - including the execution of any amendments to the 
Transaction Documents and the Conditions, if necessary -  required under the 
applicable law and legislation to ensure fulfilments of its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and the Programme. 
17. 
NOTICES 
(i) 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held 
through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the 
systems of Monte Titoli.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
    
(ii) 
As long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(iii) 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other 
method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method 
is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered 
Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is 
given to the Covered Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall require. 
18. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(i) 
These Covered Bonds are governed by Italian law. All other Transaction Documents 
are governed by Italian law, save for the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge 
which are governed by English law. 
(ii) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that 
may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or 
performance. 
(iii) 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the 
provisions of Law 130 and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, 
BoI Regulations and MEF Decree.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
    
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by Deutsche Bank S.p.A. is created 
concurrently with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of each such Series 
or Tranche and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders (the Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all 
the Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the 
Italian Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Principal 
Paying Agent or under its control and have been blocked in an account with a 
clearing system, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian and 
will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been 
adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the 
Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the 
release thereof by the Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer and 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds 
or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Principal Paying 
Agent that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a 
particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the 
period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may 
not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been given 
to vote for, and against, each resolution; and

--- Page 239 ---
239 
    
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
Blocked Covered Bonds means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant 
custodian or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Principal 
Paying Agent for the purpose of obtaining a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the 
Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is 
required. 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in 
accordance with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
Covered Bondholder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such 
Covered Bonds. 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not 
less than three quarters of the votes cast. 
Liabilities means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, 
actions or demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, 
without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including 
value added, taxes or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees 
and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
Meeting means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or 
resumed following an adjournment). 
Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quarter of the Financial Law and includes any 
Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository 
banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System. 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more 
than 50 per cent. of the votes cast. 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting 
of the Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(iv) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice). 
Proxy means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a 
person appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Principal Paying Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the 
time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and

--- Page 240 ---
240 
    
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want 
of a quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it 
is resumed. 
Rating Agency means, collectively, Moody’s Investors Service Limited and any other 
rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to 
any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme. 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, 
collectively. 
Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the 
exchange rate specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered 
Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated 
or does not exist, the applicable spot rate. 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a 
Voting Certificate, the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Principal Paying 
Agent or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction. 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting: 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 
2018, as amended from time to time; or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Principal Paying Agent stating: 
(A) 
that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
I 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the 
Meeting; and 
II 
the surrender of such certificate to the Principal Paying Agent; 
and 
(B) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such 
Meeting in respect of such Blocked Covered Bonds. 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or 
more persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Covered Bondholders. 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are 
open for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the 
place where the Principal Paying Agent has its specified office; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
    
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, 
words and expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction 
ascribed to them in the Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(i) 
any reference herein to an Article shall, except where expressly provided to 
the contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
(ii) 
a Successor of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or 
successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights 
and obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, 
under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; and 
(iii) 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its 
and any subsequent Successors and transferees in accordance with their 
respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall 
form a separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise 
determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 
28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 
(Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and 
independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this 
Article 2.3: 
(i) 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 27 (Resignation 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
(ii) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 24 (Meetings and Separate 
Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of 
such Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a 
single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
    
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the 
exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any 
action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may 
convene separate or combined Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the 
request in writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-twentieth of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in 
relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the Issuer shall upon a requisition in 
writing signed by the holders of not less than one-twentieth of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of 
seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be convened by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the requisitionists. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto 
mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in 
writing to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, 
time and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
5. 
NOTICE 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the 
Meeting, must be given to the relevant Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
    
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting 
unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall 
instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state 
that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a 
Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time 
to time and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from the Principal 
Paying Agent or appointing Proxies under a Block Voting Instruction, Covered Bonds 
must (to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent) be held to the order of or placed 
under the control of the Principal Paying Agent or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article are not 
complied with if the Covered Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders are present. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(ii) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes 
after the time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, 
failing which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned 
Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly 
constituted, manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, 
leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically 
invited to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who 
are not required to be Covered Bondholders. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be:

--- Page 244 ---
244 
    
(i) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the 
Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or 
representing at least 50 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered 
Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution 
(including the Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
(subject as provided below), one or more persons holding or representing at 
least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned 
Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders of 
the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
(iii) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters 
(other than in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject 
only to Article 32 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(A) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or 
modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification 
of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(B) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds 
are to be made; 
(C) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(D) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deed of 
Pledge or the Deed of Charge (except in a manner determined by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(E) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and 
Modifications) and 32 (Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme 
or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the 
Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be 
formed; and 
(F) 
alteration of this Article 7(iii). 
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
(including the Issuer if at any time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
being or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the 
time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons 
being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Outstanding

--- Page 245 ---
245 
    
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
8.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 
minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction 
of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present: 
(i) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the 
Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders otherwise agree) shall stand adjourned to the same day 
in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business 
day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting at which an 
Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in which case it shall stand 
adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more than 42 
clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or 
subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
8.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman 
may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not 
present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without 
prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not 
less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such 
place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned 
meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum), the Chairman may, 
with the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn 
such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
10.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment 
for lack of a quorum except that: 
(i) 
10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of 
the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(ii) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply 
when the Meeting resumes.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
    
10.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than 
those described in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of Quorum). 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(i) 
Voters; 
(ii) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(iv) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(v) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; and 
(vi) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
12. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
12.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by 
requesting its Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with 
the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, 
as amended from time to time. 
12.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Principal Paying Agent or require 
the Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such 
Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent) held to its 
order or under its control or blocked in an account in a Relevant Clearing System 
(other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. 
12.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
12.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein 
as Covered Bondholder or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte 
Titoli Account Holder), the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued 
by the Principal Paying Agent), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block 
Voting Instruction issued by the Principal Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be the 
Covered Bondholder to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the 
Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
12.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Covered Bonds.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
    
12.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in 
accordance with the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any 
Relevant Clearing System. 
13. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
13.1 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account 
Holder shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at 
the Specified Offices of the Principal Paying Agent, or at any other place approved 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate 
is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides 
otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction 
and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting 
Instruction or of each Covered Bondholders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate 
issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting but the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the 
validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any 
Proxy or any Covered Bondholder named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting 
Instruction or the identity of any Covered Bondholder named in a Voting Certificate 
issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote 
by a show of hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman’s declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed 
by a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be 
conclusive without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented 
by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided 
by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any 
question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result 
of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was 
demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating 
the votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is 
not cast in compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. 
After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall 
announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
    
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(i) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(ii) 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each 
€1.00 or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders 
of Covered Bonds denominated in another currency, such amount in such other 
currency as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute 
discretion may stipulate). 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise 
in the case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which 
such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been 
rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or 
Voting Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given 
had been amended or revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of such 
amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a 
Voting Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any 
resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment save that no such appointment 
of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for 
want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. 
Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following 
powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to:

--- Page 249 ---
249 
    
(i) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these 
Rules or of the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary 
Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a 
Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(ii) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person to execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to 
any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(i) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Covered Bondholders or any of them; 
(ii) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of 
(a) the rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise 
under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the 
Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of 
the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, 
in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
(iii) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
(iv) 
in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), 
appoint and remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(v) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to any 
act or omission for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or 
any other Transaction Document; 
(vi) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these 
Rules or of the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(vii) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and 
any other Transaction Document; 
(viii) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any other party of its obligations under or in respect of these 
Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Guarantor Event 
of Default or a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant Notice to Pay, 
Acceleration Notice, or Breach of Test Notice;

--- Page 250 ---
250 
    
(ix) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee 
to represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such 
committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution;  
(x) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person 
to execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(xi) 
may, in case of failure by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
send a Notice to Pay, Acceleration Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result 
of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(i) (Issuer Events of 
Default) or an Acceleration Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default 
pursuant to Condition 11(iii) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(iv) (Effect of an 
Acceleration Notice). 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme 
Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which shall be passed by the holders 
of all the Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) that is passed by the Holders of 
one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of Covered 
Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution 
(as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other 
Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a 
Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these 
Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such 
Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered 
Bondholders shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the 
Conditions and given to the Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the 
conclusion of each Meeting).

--- Page 251 ---
251 
    
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions 
which are not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered 
in books provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The minutes shall be signed by the 
Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes 
have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and 
held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having 
been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in 
respect of matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an 
Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 14 
(Limited Recourse and Non Petition), Clause 4 (Exercise of Rights and Subrogation) 
and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and of Clause 8 (Exercise 
of Rights) and 12 (Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, 
if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using other 
individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the 
grounds that it is not consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered 
Bonds will notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her 
intention; 
(ii) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a 
Meeting in accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Article 24.1 (Choice of Meeting)); 
(iii) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement 
of the individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be prevented 
from taking such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that after a 
reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review of 
another Meeting); and 
(iv) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not object to an individual action 
or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will not be prohibited from taking such 
individual action or remedy.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
    
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject 
to the following modifications: 
(i) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(ii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not 
give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any 
of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at 
a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series so 
affected; 
(iii) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or 
may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed to have 
been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
(iv) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if 
passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
(v) 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis 
mutandis apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered 
Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of 
Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated 
in euro in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders 
of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any 
adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written 
Resolution) the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the 
equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each 
person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such other euro amount as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which 
he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further 
regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or

--- Page 253 ---
253 
    
the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders which will be Deutsche Trustee Company Limited appointed 
under the Programme Agreement. 
26.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as first Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders under the Programme, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be: 
(i) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank 
incorporated in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
(ii) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act; or 
(iii) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out 
in Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary 
Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of 
all Series of Covered Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until 
the substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity 
specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), 
accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the 
acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform 
the essential functions required in connection with the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
    
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, and following an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of a Notice to Pay 
the Guarantor, shall pay jointly and severally to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the 
issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees 
shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of 
payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all 
the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions. Such fees may be increased, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event that the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature.  
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at 
least three calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without 
needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being 
responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with 
Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has accepted its appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of 
resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a 
qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights 
conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene 
and attend Meetings to propose any course of action which it considers from time to 
time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, 
discretions and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents:

--- Page 255 ---
255 
    
(i) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(ii) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any 
person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the 
powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations 
(including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such 
delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for 
any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such 
delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have used all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall 
be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension 
and termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give 
notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon 
as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any 
Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
under these Rules and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction 
Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may give any consent or approval, 
exercise any power, authority or discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied 
that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any 
right, power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
by these Rules or by operation of law. 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder (including but not limited 
to forming any opinion in connection with the exercise or non exercise of any 
discretion), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the

--- Page 256 ---
256 
    
obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered 
Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered 
Bondholders indemnify it, prefund it and/or provide it with security as specified in 
Article 29.2 (Specific limitations) to its satisfaction. 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a 
default in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the 
provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may 
be remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any 
such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be 
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors 
of the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED 
BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1 (Limited obligations), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(i) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, 
condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to 
become exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or 
express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event 
of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition or 
act has occurred; 
(ii) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their 
obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the 
Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to 
assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction 
Documents are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
(iii) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so 
required under the Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by 
applicable law) to any Covered Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any 
other party, any information (including, without limitation, information of a 
confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made available to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any

--- Page 257 ---
257 
    
other person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme 
and no Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
(iv) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall 
not be under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in 
performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction 
Document; 
(v) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction 
Document, or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or 
purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, nor 
shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged breach by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without prejudice to 
the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have 
any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable 
whatsoever for: 
(A) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; 
(B) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, 
search, report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or 
obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in 
connection herewith; 
(C) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure 
operated by the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(D) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, 
consent or other authorisation in connection with the purchase or 
administration of the assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(E) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Servicer and the Principal Paying Agent or any other 
person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the 
proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such 
proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
(vii) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the 
Covered Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
(viii) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any 
recital, statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any 
Transaction Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating 
thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof;

--- Page 258 ---
258 
    
(ix) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or 
procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these 
Rules or any Transaction Document; 
(x) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any 
defect or failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure 
was known to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have 
been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being 
remedied or not; 
(xi) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Receivables contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(xii) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
(xiii) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or 
damage arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(xiv) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for 
making or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction Document; 
(xv) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(xvi) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in 
connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to 
have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the 
overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of 
persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their 
number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever 
their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Covered 
Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders; 
(xvii) shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such 
Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution 
of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then 
outstanding; 
(xviii) shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by 
the Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have

--- Page 259 ---
259 
    
regard to the interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors 
of the Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(xix) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any 
other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated 
until it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands 
which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, 
incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any 
of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any 
financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, 
power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the 
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such 
risk or liability is not reasonably assured; and 
(xx) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly 
suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholders or 
any other Secured Creditors or any other person which may result from 
anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of 
these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
29.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the 
rights granted by the Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors 
under the security for the discharge of the Secured Amounts, created by the Guarantor 
on or around the Initial Issue, pursuant the Italian Deed of Pledge and the Deed of 
Charge (the Security). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, may: 
(i) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to 
collect, in the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors’ interest 
and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, 
jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors whose obligations form part of the 
Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to an Account of the 
Guarantor; 
(ii) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect 
of the Security shall be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the 
Italian civil code and agree that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
Intercreditor Agreement; and

--- Page 260 ---
260 
    
(iii) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied 
prior to enforcement of the Security, in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, 
withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application 
of, cash deriving from time to time from the Security, under the Security, except in 
accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
29.4 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no 
Covered Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
29.5 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to do anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or 
regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of 
its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in 
its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of 
any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be 
reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss 
or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to 
comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate 
or opinion of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, 
banker, broker, tax advisor, credit or rating agency or other expert, notwithstanding that 
such advice, opinion, certificate, report, engagement letter or other document contain 
a monetary or other limit in the liability of the providers of such advice, opinion or 
written information, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be 
sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, 
certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains 
some error or is not authentic. 
30.2 
Amendments and Modifications 
The implementation of certain amendments to the Transaction Documents will, 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, be subject to the receipt of written 
confirmation from the Rating Agency then rating the Covered Bonds that the then 
current ratings of each Series of Covered Bonds rated thereby will not be justified, 
downgraded or withdrawn as a result of such modification (a Rating Agency 
Confirmation). If the Rating Agency then rating the Covered Bonds either: (i) does 
not respond to a request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to provide

--- Page 261 ---
261 
    
a Rating Agency Confirmation within 7 days after such request is made; or (ii) provides 
a waiver or acknowledgement indicating decision not to review or otherwise declining 
to review the matter for which the Rating Agency Confirmation is sought, the 
requirement for the Rating Agency Confirmation from the Rating Agency with respect 
to such matter will be deemed waived; provided that the requirement of the Rating 
Agency Confirmation will be deemed to be waved if the relevant amendments have 
been expressly approved by the Covered Bondholders. 
30.3 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to 
accept (a) as sufficient evidence: 
(i) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case 
may be) the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or 
thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case 
to call for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a 
result of acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the 
administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the 
untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.4 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting 
upon any resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at 
any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of 
the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be 
found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of 
the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting 
or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
30.5 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the 
Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account 
Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to 
be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.6 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to 
rely on as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or 
confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form 
of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time or

--- Page 262 ---
262 
    
throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its 
records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.7 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders in evaluating, for the purposes of 
exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules 
that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding may consider, 
inter alia, the circumstance that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any 
such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by 
such exercise.  
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its 
rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the view of the Rating 
Agency as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered 
Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which 
will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and 
obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
30.8 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or 
require the Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued 
by any party (other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or 
any other Transaction Document: 
(i) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(iii) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek 
additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall 
not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so 
unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness 
of the matter contained in the certificate. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take into account, 
for the purpose of exercising or performing any right, power, trust, authority, duty or 
discretion under or in relation to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document among other things, to the extent that it considers, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, it is necessary and/or appropriate and/or, relevant, the Rating Agency 
Confirmation. If the Rating Agency then rating the Covered Bondholders either: (a) 
does not respond to a request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
provide a Rating Agency Confirmation within 7 days after such request is made; or (b) 
provides a waiver or acknowledgement indicating decision not to review or otherwise 
declining to review the matter for which the Rating Agency Confirmation is sought, 
the requirement for the Rating Agency Confirmation from the Rating Agency with 
respect to such matter will be deemed waived by the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 263 ---
263 
    
Bondholders and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for 
any losses Covered Bondholders. 
30.9 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing 
or investigating any auditors’ report, certificate or engagement letter and may rely on 
the contents of any such report or certificate, notwithstanding that such advice, opinion, 
certificate, report, engagement letter or other document contain a monetary or other 
limit in the liability of the providers of such advice, opinion or written information. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may from time to time and without 
the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification as follows: 
(i) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (which may 
be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, 
accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of rating) may 
be expedient to make provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; 
and 
(ii) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (which may be based on the advice 
of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, 
or other expert or confirmation of rating) is to correct a manifest error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
31.2 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.3 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned 
modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or and if it is 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities 
to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
31.4 
Upon the Issuer request, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, without 
the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders or any other Secured 
Creditors concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in making any modifications to 
the Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions:  
(A) 
that the Issuer may decide in its discretion in order to comply which any criteria 
of the Rating Agency which may be published after the signing date of the 
Transaction Documents and which the Issuer certifies to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, 
withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a Rating

--- Page 264 ---
264 
    
Agency to any class of the Covered Bonds, provided that the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to agree to any modification 
which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
as applicable, would have effect of (a) exposing the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, as applicable, to any liability against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (b) 
increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as applicable in the Transaction 
Documents and/or the Conditions. For avoidance of doubt, such modification 
may include, without limitation, modifications which would allow any swap 
provider and/or liquidity facility provider not to post collateral in 
circumstances where it previously would have been obliged to do so;  
(B) 
which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which 
may be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, 
accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of rating, as 
described in the Conditions, may be expedient to make provided that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series; and  
(C) 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or, which in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which may be based on the advice 
of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, 
or other expert or confirmation of rating, as described in the Conditions, is to 
correct a manifest error. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time 
in its sole direction, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, 
condition, event or act, but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the 
Holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced 
thereby: 
(i) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it 
may decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or 
provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations 
of or rights against the Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
(ii) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes 
of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 32.1 (Waiver of Breach) 
shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers

--- Page 265 ---
265 
    
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers 
conferred upon it by this Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent 
in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any 
such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single 
Series as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby 
render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or 
request: 
(i) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or 
made; or 
(ii) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series 
Reserved Matter unless holders of Covered Bonds of each Series has, by 
Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
32.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer 
shall cause any such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the 
Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been 
given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and (following an Issuer Event of 
Default) the Guarantor have covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge 
(on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or 
discharged by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, 
losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly 
documented and properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has delegated any power authority or discretion in relation to the exercise 
or purported exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of 
its duties under and otherwise in relation to these Rules and the Transaction 
Documents, including but not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, 
issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings 
brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any 
obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents except 
insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
34.1 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted 
in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the 
Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or 
wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 266 ---
266 
    
34.2 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may be entitled to assume, for the 
purposes of exercising any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in 
relation to the Conditions and this Agreement, that such exercise will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interest of any of the Covered Bondholders if the Rating Agency 
have confirmed in writing that the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds would 
not be adversely affected by such exercise. In being entitled to rely on the fact that 
the Rating Agency have confirmed that the ratings that may be applied to the Covered 
Bonds would not be adversely affected, it is herewby acknowledged by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders that the 
above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability for the Rating 
Agency to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders 
or any other person or create any legal relations between the Rating Agency and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person whether by way of contract or otherwise. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF 
AN ACCELERATION NOTICE 
35. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of an Acceleration Notice or, prior to 
service of an Acceleration Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise 
any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of 
the Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to 
exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor 
Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario 
in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain 
Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the 
relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
36. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
37. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, 
action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with these Rules.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
    
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (“UK MiFIR”) ; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes [the/each of the] manufacturer[‘s/s] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each of the] manufacturer[‘s/s] product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook

--- Page 268 ---
268 
    
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 
2020) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
under the €4,000,000,000 Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [16 
February 2024] [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing [at the website of 
the Issuer (https://country.db.com/italia/policies/covered-bond?language_id=3) ] [and] during 
normal business hours at [the registered office of the Issuer (Piazza del Calendario 3, 20126                                 
Milano)] [and copies may be obtained from [the registered office of the Issuer].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•]

--- Page 269 ---
269 
    
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] [to be fungible from the [date on 
which the Covered Bonds become 
fungible] with the €[⚫] Series [⚫] 
Tranche [⚫] Covered Bonds due [⚫] 
issued on [⚫]] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [provide 
issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on the Issue 
Date][Not Applicable] 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details 
of that Series, including the date on which 
the Covered Bonds become fungible). 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [plus integral multiples of [•] in 
addition to the said sum of [•]] (Include 
the wording in square brackets where the 
Specified Denomination is €100,000 or 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount.)  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year.] 
8. 
 (i) 
Extended Maturity Date of 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]

--- Page 270 ---
270 
    
(ii) 
Extended Instalment Date of 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding to Instalment 
Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/– [Margin] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] [The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and 
on the Covered Bond Instalment Dates set 
out in paragraph 23 below.] 
 
11. 
 Change of Interest: 
[(Change of interest may be applicable in 
case an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable, as provided for 
under Condition 8(i)]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(further particulars specified below) 
13. 
 [Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds [and Covered Bond 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[•] and [•], respectively  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bond Guarantee)] 
14. 
 Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
 Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/ 
monthly(specify)] in arrear]

--- Page 271 ---
271 
    
 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for 
the definition of “Business Day”]/not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the CB Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
16. 
 Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, 
rather than CB Payment Dates, will only 
be 
relevant 
if 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified CB 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ 
ISDA Determination]

--- Page 272 ---
272 
    
 
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is 
to perform this function)] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[For example, EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: [•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 273 ---
273 
    
17. 
 Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[Consider whether it is necessary to 
specify a Day Count Fraction for the 
purposes of Condition 8(x) (Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of Covered Bonds 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 274 ---
274 
    
Bonds and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. 
 Final Redemption Amount of 
Covered Bonds 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] per Calculation 
Amount]  
(If both the Early Redemption Amount 
and the Early Termination Amount are 
the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds/specify the Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Early Termination 
Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(ii) and 16(vi) relate] 
23. 
 Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which principal is repayable in 
instalments: 
amount 
of 
each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Covered Bonds shall be redeemed 
on each date set out below (each a 
“Covered Bond Instalment Date”) in 
the amounts set out below (each a 
“Instalment Amount”). 
 
 
 
Covered 
Bond   
Instalment  
 
Instalment Date   
Amount 
  
[insert date] 
[insert amount]

--- Page 275 ---
275 
    
[insert date] 
[insert amount] 
[Maturity Date] 
[All 
outstanding 
Instalment 
Amounts 
not 
previously 
redeemed] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
 
By: ______________________  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
 
By: ______________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 276 ---
276 
    
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/(specify other)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has 
been] made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchangewith effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, 
need to indicate that original Covered 
Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
2. 
(i) 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have 
been rated: 
 
 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the EU CRA Regulation). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The

--- Page 277 ---
277 
    
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).] /[[ Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation) and the rating it 
has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the 
EEA, not registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(as 
amended, by the European (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) (the EU CRA 
Regulation), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the

--- Page 278 ---
278 
    
[relevant 
competent 
authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( (as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation).] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ((as amended, by the European 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) the 
UK CRA Regulation) and the rating it 
has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the 
EEA, not registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation

--- Page 279 ---
279 
    
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit 
rating 
agency], 
which 
is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation (UK)).] 
/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds 
is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the EEA or certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is

--- Page 280 ---
280 
    
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies (as 
of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation).] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the UK CRA Regulation) 
and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK but relevant rating is 
endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and/or under 
the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the EU CRA 
Regulation)] [and/or] [[insert legal

--- Page 281 ---
281 
    
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the UK CRA Regulation)]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the 
EEA or the UK and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
or 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA 
Regulation)] 
[and/or] 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation)]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in 
the EEA or the UK nor certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
EU CRA Regulation) or Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and

--- Page 282 ---
282 
    
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation.”] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the 
offer.”] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[•] 
 
 
[See section “Use of Proceeds” in Base 
Prospectus]  
(If use of proceeds is different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
include those use of proceeds here.)]  
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[•] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
 
[(iv)] 
Estimated admission to trading 
expenses: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD] 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
Calculated as [include details of method 
of calculation in summary form] on the 
Issue Date. 
 
 
[As set out above, the yield is calculated 
at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. ]

--- Page 283 ---
283 
    
6. 
[Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Covered 
Bonds will be calculated by reference to 
[●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], 
[●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] 
does/do not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation such that [●] 
is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]”  
 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) 
other than Monte Titoli S.p.A., 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any), 
Calculation 
Agent(s), 
Listing 
Agent(s) or Representative of the 
Noteholders (if any): 
N/A 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 284 ---
284 
    
(Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.)

--- Page 285 ---
285 
    
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for general funding 
purposes.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
    
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date 
of this Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be 
subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Tax treatment of interest 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of April 1, 1996 (“Decree No. 239”) sets forth the applicable regime 
regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) deriving from Covered Bonds falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
and similar securities (pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of December 22, 
1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”)): (i) issued, inter alia, by Italian stock 
companies with shares listed in a regulated market or multilateral trading facility situated or 
operating in an EU Member States or States party to the the EEA Agreement allowing a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as included in the decree 
of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of September 4, 1996, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented or superseded pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 4(c) of Decree No. 239 (the 
“White List”); or (ii) listed in one of the above mentioned markets or multilateral trading 
facilities; or (iii) not listed but subscribed and continuously held by qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as subsequently amended and supplemented, as implemented by Article 35, 
paragraph 1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (that has replaced 
CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007) as amended from time to time, pursuant 
to article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation for the Issuer to actually pay, at maturity (or at any 
earlier redemption), an amount not lower than their nominal/face value/principal and that do 
not provide any right of direct or indirect participation in, or control on, the management of the 
Issuer or of the business in connection with which they are issued. 
Italian-resident Covered Bondholders 
Covered Bondholders not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
If an Italian-resident beneficial owner of the Covered Bond (a “Covered Bondholder”) is: 
(i) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bond are 
connected; 
(ii) 
a non-commercial partnership (società semplice) or a professional association;

--- Page 287 ---
287 
    
(iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution (other than Italian undertakings for 
collective investment); or 
(iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
then interest derived from the Covered Bond, and accrued during the relevant holding period, 
is subject to a tax withheld at source (imposta sostitutiva), levied at a rate of 26 per cent., unless 
the relevant Covered Bondholder holds the Covered Bond in a discretionary investment 
portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary and has validly opted for the application of 
the risparmio gestito regime under Article of Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 
(“Decree No. 461”) (see also “Tax treatment of capital gains — Discretionary investment 
portfolio regime (Risparmio gestito regime)” below). 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bond (being financial 
instruments issued by an Italian resident corporation) may be exempt from any income taxation 
(including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Covered Bondholder is an Italian resident 
individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activity and the Covered Bond are included in a long-
term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth 
(i) in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of December 11, 2016 and in Article 1, paragraphs 
211 – 215, of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 
30 April 2019 as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 of 30 December 
2021 (“Law No. 234”) as from 1 January 2022 and (ii) for long-term savings account 
established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 
(“Law Decree No. 124”), converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 157 of 19 
December 2019, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 
May 2020 (“Law Decree No. 34”), converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 77 of 17 
July 2020, by Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 (“Law Decree No. 104”), 
converted into Law with amendments by Law No. 126  of 13 October 2020 and by Article 1, 
paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Covered Bondholders engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
In the event that the Italian-resident Covered Bondholders mentioned under letters a) and c) 
above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bond are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant 
beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income 
taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax 
due. 
If a Covered Bondholder is an Italian-resident company or similar commercial entity, or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident company to which the Covered Bond are 
effectively connected, and the Covered Bond are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest from the Covered Bond will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva. Interest must, 
however, be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s income tax return and is therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate income taxation and, in certain circumstances, depending 
on the status of the Covered Bondholder, also to the Italian regional tax on productive activities 
(“IRAP”).

--- Page 288 ---
288 
    
Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs 
Payments of interest deriving from the Covered Bond made to Italian resident real estate 
collective investment funds and real estate closed-ended investment companies (società di 
investimento a capitale fisso, or “SICAFs”), provided that the Covered Bond, together with the 
coupons relating thereto, are timely deposited directly or indirectly with an Italian authorised 
financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident intermediary) are 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate 
investment fund or the real estate SICAF. However, a withholding or substitute tax of 26 per 
cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income realised by unitholders or shareholders in 
the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares. Moreover, subject to certain 
conditions, income realised by Italian real estate investment funds or real estate SICAFs is 
attributed pro rata to the Italian resident unitholders irrespective of any actual distribution on a 
tax transparency basis. 
Funds, SICAVs and non-real estate SICAFs 
If an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a non-real estate open-ended or a closed-ended 
collective investment fund (“Fund”), an open-ended investment company (società di 
investimento a capitale variabile, or “SICAV”) or a non-real estate SICAF established in Italy 
and either (i) the Fund, SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF or (ii) their manager is subject to 
the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Covered Bond are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bond will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund, the 
SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF. The Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF are 
subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at their level, but a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. will be levied, in certain circumstances, by the Fund, the SICAV or the non-
real estate SICAF on proceeds distributed in favour of their unitholders or shareholders. 
Pension funds 
If an Italian-resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of December 5, 2005) and the Covered Bond 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bond and 
accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period (which will 
be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax). Subject to certain limitations and requirements 
(including a minimum holding period) Interest in respects to the Covered Bond may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 
92, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, if the Covered Bond are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 
114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 and to Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215 of Law No. 
145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 and as 
further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and for 
long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by Article 68 of 
Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234.  
Application of the imposta sostitutiva

--- Page 289 ---
289 
    
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, brokerage companies 
(società di intermediazione mobiliare, or SIM), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio (“SGR”), stockbrokers and other entities identified by decrees of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance (each, an “Intermediary”). 
An Intermediary must: 
(a) 
be resident in Italy, or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian-resident 
financial intermediary; and 
(b) 
participate, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Covered 
Bond. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered 
Bond includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered Bond or in a change in the 
Intermediary with which the Covered Bond are deposited. 
If the Covered Bond are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied 
and withheld by the relevant Italian financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary) paying the Interest to a Covered Bondholder 
or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or 
permanent establishments in Italy of non-resident corporations to which the Covered Bond are 
effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
If the Covered Bondholder is a non-resident for tax purposes, an exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-resident Covered Bondholder is: 
(a) 
a beneficial owner of the payment of Interest with no permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bond are effectively connected and resident, for tax purposes, in 
a state or territory included in the White List; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
an “institutional investor”, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a state 
or territory included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer 
in its own state of establishment; or 
(d) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
state. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident Covered Bondholders beneficial owner of the 
Interest must promptly deposit the Covered Bond together with the coupons relating to such 
Covered Bond ‘directly or indirectly’ with: 
(i) 
an Italian or non-resident bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the 
bank or financial institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as 
intermediary in the deposit of the Covered Bond held, directly or indirectly, by the 
Covered Bondholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); or

--- Page 290 ---
290 
    
(ii) 
an Italian-resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident 
bank or SIM, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Covered Bond appointed to 
maintain direct relationships, via telematic link, with the Department of Revenue of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (the “Second Level Bank”). Organizations and 
companies that are not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of 
the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (which include Euroclear and 
Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian 
representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of 
a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to 
Article 80 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998) for the purposes of the 
application of Decree No. 239. If a non-resident Covered Bondholder deposits the 
Covered Bond directly with a Second Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a 
First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for non-resident Covered Bondholders is 
conditional upon: 
(i) 
the deposit of the Covered Bond, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which 
qualifies as a Second Level Bank; and 
(ii) 
the submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank (as the case may be) 
of a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder (autocertificazione), to be provided 
only once, in which it declares, inter alia, that it is the beneficial owner of any interest 
on the Covered Bond and it is eligible to benefit from the exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva. 
Such statement must comply with the requirements set forth by a Ministerial Decree dated 12 
December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked (unless some information provided therein 
has changed) and does not need to be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar 
document for the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. 
The above statement is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international 
bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements entered into force in Italy 
referred to in point (b) above or Central Banks or entities also authorised to manage the official 
reserves of a State referred to in point (d) above. Additional requirements are provided for 
“institutional investors” referred to in point (c) above (in this respect see, among others, 
Circular Letters Nos. 23/E of 1 March 2002 and No. 20/E of 27 March 2003). 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at a rate of 26 per cent. to interest paid to Covered 
Bondholders who do not qualify for the foregoing exemption or do not timely and properly 
satisfy the requested conditions (including the procedures set forth under Decree No. 239 and 
in the relevant implementation rules). 
Covered Bondholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible 
for full or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation provided by Regulation of the Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 
2013/84404 of July 10, 2013. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor

--- Page 291 ---
291 
    
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an 
Italian resident guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Italian revenue authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that 
set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Bondholders 
by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any 
payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject 
to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident 
Guarantor may be subject to an advance or final withholding tax at a rate of 26% pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In the case of 
payments to non-Italian resident bondholders, double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may 
apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
Tax treatment of capital gains 
Italian-resident Covered Bondholders 
Covered Bondholders not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
Where an Italian-resident Covered Bondholder is an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bond are connected, any capital gain realised by 
such Covered Bondholder from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bond would be subject 
to a capital gain tax (imposta sostitutiva, or “CGT”) levied at a rate of 26 per cent. Covered 
Bondholders may set off any capital losses with their capital gains. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt — under certain 
conditions — for any of the three regimes described below. 
Tax return regime. Under the tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the 
default regime for Italian-resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bond are connected, the CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian-
resident individual holding the Covered Bond during any given tax year. Italian-resident 
individuals holding the Covered Bond not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss, in their annual tax return, and pay the CGT on such gains, together with any balance of 
income tax due for such year. Within the same time limit, capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax 
years. 
Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio amministrato regime). As an 
alternative to the tax return regime, Italian-resident individual Covered Bondholders holding 
the Covered Bond not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the CGT 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Covered Bond (regime 
del risparmio amministrato). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to:

--- Page 292 ---
292 
    
(i) 
the Covered Bond being deposited with an Italian bank, SIM or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries; and 
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being made in writing in a 
timely fashion by the relevant Covered Bondholder. 
The depository must account for the CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Covered Bond (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
CGT to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the Covered Bondholder, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using 
funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato 
regime, any possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of 
the Covered Bond may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years, up until the fourth 
tax year. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains/losses realised within said regime in the annual tax return.  
Discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio gestito regime). In the risparmio gestito 
regime, any capital gains realised by Italian-resident individuals holding the Covered Bond not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and who have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets (including the Covered Bond) to an authorised intermediary, will be included 
in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at tax year-end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at the tax year-
end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any 
of the four succeeding tax years. The Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains or losses realised within said regime in its annual tax return. The Covered Bondholder is 
not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
capital gains on the Covered Bond may be exempt from any income taxation (including from 
the 26 per cent. CGT) if the Covered Bond is an Italian resident individual not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity and the Covered Bond are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-
114) of Finance Act 2017 and in Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215, of the Law No. 145, as 
implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 2019 and as further amended by Article 1, 
paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 2022, and for long-term savings account 
established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and 
supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and 
by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Covered Bondholders engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bond will be treated as part of 
taxable business income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Covered Bondholder, also as part of net value of the production for IRAP purposes), if realised 
by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of non-resident entities to which the Covered Bond are connected) or Italian-

--- Page 293 ---
293 
    
resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bond are 
connected. 
Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder which qualifies as an Italian real estate 
investment fund or an Italian real estate SICAF will be subject neither to CGT nor to any other 
income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund or the real estate SICAF (see “Tax 
treatment of interest – Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs” above). However, 
a withholding or substitute tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income 
realised by unitholders or shareholders in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the 
units or shares. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, income realised by Italian real estate 
investment funds or real estate SICAFs is attributed pro rata to the Italian resident unitholders 
irrespective of any actual distribution on a tax transparency basis. 
Funds, SICAVs and non-real estate SICAFs 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder which is a Fund, a SICAV or a non-real 
estate SICAF will not be subject to CGT but will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant fiscal year. Such result will not be taxed at the level 
of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF, but income realised by the unitholders or 
shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of the units/shares may be subject to a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
Pension funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder which qualifies as an Italian pension fund 
(subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of December 
5, 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant 
tax period, and subject to 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain limitations and 
requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains realised in respect of the 
Covered Bond may be excluded from the taxable base of the substitute tax pursuant to Article 
1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, if the Covered Bond are included in a 
long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 100 – 114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 and to Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 
215 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as implemented by the Ministerial Decree 30 April 
2019 and as further amended by Article 1, paragraph 26 of Law No. 234 as from 1 January 
2022, and for long-term savings account established from 1 January 2020, to Article 13-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124, as amended and supplemented by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34, by 
Article 68 of Law Decree No. 104 and by Article 1, paragraph 27 of Law No. 234. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
A 26 per cent. CGT may be payable on capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bond by non-Italian resident persons without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bond are effectively connected, if the Covered Bond are held in Italy. 
However, under Article 23(1)(f)(2) of Decree No. 917, capital gains realised by non-resident 
Covered Bondholders from the sale or redemption of notes issued by an Italian-resident issuer 
and traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to CGT, subject to the filing 
of required documentation in a timely fashion (in particular, a self-declaration that the Covered

--- Page 294 ---
294 
    
Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Covered Bond are 
deposited, even if the Covered Bond are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth 
by any applicable double tax treaty.  
Capital gains realised by non-resident Covered Bond holders from the sale or redemption of 
Covered Bond issued by an Italian-resident issuer, even if the Covered Bond are not traded on 
regulated markets, are not subject to CGT, provided that the beneficial owner is: 
(i) 
a beneficial owner of the capital gains with no permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bond are effectively connected and resident, for tax purposes, of a 
state or territory included in the White List; or 
(ii) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or 
(iii) 
an “institutional investor”, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a state 
or territory included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer 
in its own state of establishment; or 
(iv) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
state. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders must satisfy the 
same conditions set forth above to benefit from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva in 
accordance with Decree 239 (see “Tax treatment of interest” above). 
If none of the above conditions is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders from the sale or the redemption of Covered Bond issued by an Italian resident 
issuer and not traded on regulated markets may be subject to CGT at the current rate of 26 per 
cent. However, Covered Bondholders might benefit from an applicable tax treaty with Italy, 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Covered Bond are to be 
taxed only in the State where the recipient is tax resident, subject to certain conditions to be 
satisfied. 
Under these circumstances, if non-resident persons without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bond are effectively connected hold Covered Bond with an Italian 
authorised financial intermediary and are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime or elect 
for the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply 
upon condition that the non-resident Covered Bondholders file in time with the authorised 
financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a certificate of 
residence from the competent tax authorities of their country of residence. 
The risparmio amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to non-
Italian resident persons and entities holding Covered Bond deposited with an Intermediary, but 
non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders retain the right to waive this regime. 
Certain reporting obligations for Italian-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Law Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990, as subsequently amended and supplemented, 
individuals, non-business entities and non-business partnerships that are resident in Italy and,

--- Page 295 ---
295 
    
during the tax year, hold investments abroad or have financial assets abroad (including possibly 
the Covered Bond) must, in certain circumstances, disclose these investments or financial assets 
to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not 
due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax 
return), regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits or bank accounts having an 
aggregate value not exceeding the Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year, which per se do 
not require such disclosure). The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not 
the direct holders of the financial assets, are the actual economic owners thereof for the 
purposes of anti-money laundering legislation. 
No disclosure requirements exist for investments and financial assets (including the Covered 
Bond) under management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries (Italian 
banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of 
Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990) and for contracts concluded through their intervention, 
provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subjected to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the such intermediaries. 
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax 
The transfer of Covered Bond by reason of gift, donation or succession proceedings is subject 
to Italian gift and inheritance tax as follows: 
(i) 
4 per cent. for transfers in favour of the spouse or direct relatives exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, a threshold of Euro 1 million; 
(ii) 
6 per cent. for transfers in favour of siblings exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold 
of Euro 100,000; 
(iii) 
6 per cent. for transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree and to all relatives 
in law in direct line and to other relatives in law up to the third degree, on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
8 per cent. for transfers in favour of any other person or entity, on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift. 
If the heir/heiress or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law No. 104 of 
February 5, 1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the 
inheritance or gift exceeds Euro 1.5 million. 
With respect to Covered Bond listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift 
tax purposes is the average stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the 
succession or of the gift (including any accrued interest). With respect to unlisted Covered 
Bond, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally determined by reference 
to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain elements as 
presented in the Italian tax law. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided in the case of a gift of assets, such as the Covered 
Bond, whose sale for consideration would give rise to capital gains to be subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva provided for by Decree 461/1997, as subsequently amended. In particular, if the 
donee sells the Covered Bond for consideration within five years from their receipt as a gift, 
the latter is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva as if the gift had never taken place.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
    
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax applies to non-Italian resident individuals for bonds issued 
by Italian resident companies. 
Wealth tax – direct holding 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, converted with Law No. 
214 of December 22, 2011 (as amended by Article 1(710)(d) of Law 27 December 2019, No. 
160 and Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34) Italian-resident individuals, non-business entities 
and non-business partnerships that are resident in Italy holding financial products, including 
the Covered Bond, outside Italy without the involvement of an Italian financial intermediary 
are required to pay a wealth tax currently at the rate of 0.20 per cent. (the level of tax being 
determined in proportion to the period of ownership). The wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 
14,000 per year for Covered Bondholders other than individuals. 
The wealth tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or, in the absence of 
a market value, on the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held 
outside Italy. Taxpayers are generally permitted to deduct from the wealth tax a tax credit equal 
to any wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of 
the Italian wealth tax due). 
Stamp taxes and duties – holding through financial intermediary 
Under Article 13(2ter) of the tariff, Part I of the Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972, a 0.2 per 
cent. stamp duty generally applies on communications and reports that Italian financial 
intermediaries periodically send to their clients in relation to the financial products that are 
deposited with such intermediaries. The Covered Bond are included in the definition of 
financial products for these purposes. Communications and reports are deemed to be sent at 
least once a year even if the Italian financial intermediary is under no obligation to either draft 
or send such communications and reports. 
The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for Covered Bondholders other than individuals. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance on 24 May 2012, the 0.2 per cent. stamp duty does not apply to 
communications and reports that the Italian financial intermediaries send to investors who do 
not qualify as “clients” according to the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy.  
The taxable base of the stamp duty is the market value or, in the lack thereof, the nominal value 
or the redemption amount of any financial product. 
Registration tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of the Covered Bond are subject to the registration tax as 
follows: 
(i) 
public deeds and private deeds with notarised signatures (atti pubblici e scritture 
private autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of Euro 200; and 
(ii) 
private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax of 
Euro 200 only in the “case of use” or voluntary registration or occurrence of the so-
called enunciazione. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”)

--- Page 297 ---
297 
    
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s 
Proposal) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.   
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. Prospective holders of Bonds are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
    
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to the Dealers (the Dealers). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement, entered into, on 
the Initial Issue Date, between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealers, as amended from time to time (the Programme Agreement). 
The Programme Agreement makes provision for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against 
certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Programme 
Agreement also makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. The Programme Agreement contains 
stabilising and market making provisions. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any agreement between the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the sale and purchase of 
Covered Bonds (a Subscription Agreement and each Dealer party thereto, a Relevant Dealer) 
will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds will be 
purchased by the Relevant Dealer and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the 
Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA).  
For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (IDD), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation).

--- Page 299 ---
299 
    
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may 
make an offer of such Covered Bonds in that Member State:  
 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds, 
and (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the UK).  
For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (EUWA);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1)

--- Page 300 ---
300 
    
of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in 
the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in 
relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered 
Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case

--- Page 301 ---
301 
    
of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all 
Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send 
to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered 
Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer 
or sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if 
such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) 
of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will 
be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management 
for the account of third parties and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than

--- Page 302 ---
302 
    
individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and 
D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in 
conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, 
implementing measures in Ireland and the provisions of the Companies Acts 1963 to 
2012 of Ireland and every other enactment that is to be read together with any of those 
Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by DB S.p.A. which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will 
comply with the then applicable laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not 
knowingly offer to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to persons whose 
usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be 
distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In 
addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised 
for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and have a minimum denomination 
of €500,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by DB S.p.A. which are not listed on a stock 
exchange and which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a 
minimum denomination of €500,000 or US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond 
which are denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, the equivalent in 
that other currency of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference to the 
relevant rate of exchange at the date of first publication of this Programme). In addition, 
such Covered Bonds must be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system recognised for this purpose 
by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received 
by it in connection with the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to 
whom the document may otherwise lawfully be issued or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the European 
Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 (the Nos. 1 to 3) of 
Ireland, as amended, with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Covered 
Bonds or operating in, or otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under and within the 
terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 21 April 2004 and it has complied with any 
applicable codes of conduct or practice made pursuant to implementing measures in 
respect of the foregoing Directive in any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in 
compliance with the provisions of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) 
Regulations 2005 (as amended) and any rules issued under section 34 of the Irish 
Investment Funds, Companies and Miscellaneous Provisions Act 2005 by the Central 
Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
    
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in 
the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the provisions of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that sales of the Covered Bonds in Italy 
shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set 
out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the 
Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2(1), letter 
(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February, 1998, as amended (the Financial Law) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, 
letter b, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to 
time, and in accordance with any applicable Italian laws and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation and in any other circumstances which are exempted from 
the rules on public offerings pursuant to any applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under 
(i) or (ii) above must be: 
(a) 
made by soggetti abilitati (including investment firms, banks or financial 
intermediaries), as defined under Article 1, paragraph 1, letter (r), of the Financial Law, 
permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the Banking 
Act), in each case as amended from time to time;  
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued 
on 25 August 2015, as amended on 2 November 2020) and/or any other Italian 
authority; and  
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
    
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or 
the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution 
of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.   
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will 
(to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantor nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefore (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the 
United States of America, United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Japan, France and Republic 
of Italy, see above). Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required, by the Issuer and the Dealers, to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they subscribe, offer, sell, distribute 
or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions 
shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of 
applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations 
of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
    
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Minimum Denomination 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) in its 
capacity as competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Covered Bonds may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer and the Relevant 
Dealer may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted 
basis. 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board 
of the Issuer on 21 June 2012.  
The updates of the Programme have been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated, respectively, March 24th 2015 and April 26th 2022 and by the 
resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated March 25th 2015 and May 5th 2022. 
The Guarantor’s by-laws contains the power for the Guarantor to grant the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds.]  
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of Euroclear 
is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be specified in the Final Terms 
relating thereto.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
    
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, there shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed 
to act in the interest and behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The initial Representative of 
Covered Bondholders shall be Deutsche Trustee Company Limited. 
No material litigation 
During the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, nor is the Issuer aware of any pending or 
threatened proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Significant or material change 
Except for the potential direct and indirect impact of the COVID-19 pandemic indicated in the 
relevant risk factor section, since 31 December 2022 (the end of the last financial period for 
which audited financial statements of the Issuer have been published): 
(i) 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor;  
(ii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Deutsche Bank 
S.p.A. Group; and 
(iii) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds 
are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Documents available for inspection 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme and without 
prejudice to paragraph “Publication on the Internet”, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021; 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2022; 
(d) 
the audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at 31 December 2021; 
(e) 
the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and the most recently published audited annual financial statements Guarantor; 
(f) 
any future offering circular, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference; 
(g) 
the Programme Agreement;

--- Page 307 ---
307 
    
(h) 
the Subscription Agreements; 
(i) 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(j) 
the Conditions; 
(k) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(l) 
the Master Transfer Agreement; 
(m) 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement; 
(n) 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement; 
(o) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(p) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(q) 
the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(r) 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(s) 
the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(t) 
the Quotaholders Agreement; 
(u) 
the Swap Agreements; 
(v) 
the Deed of Charge; 
(w) 
the Italian Deed of Pledge; 
(x) 
the Mandate Agreement; 
(y) 
the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(z) 
the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(aa) 
any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or 
referred to in the Base Prospectus (other than consent letters); and 
(bb) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case 
of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant 
Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified 
Office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final 
Terms relating to the Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (https://www.luxse.com). In addition, copies of the by-

--- Page 308 ---
308 
    
laws of respectively the Issuer and the Guarantor will be available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://country.db.com/italia/chi-siamo/financial-reports?language_id=3).  
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the 
internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto and documents 
incorporated by reference, if any, or further Prospectus, will remain publicly available in 
electronic form for at least 10 years on https://country.db.com/italia/policies/covered-
bond?language_id=3. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or 
may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered 
Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, Via Ceresio, No. 7, Italy, are the 
auditors of the Issuer and is registered under the Register of Certified Auditors no. 163788  held 
by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree of 14 July 2011 and 
the related regulations issued by the Ministry for Economy and Finance and shall not be the 
audit firm of the Issuer or of the Guarantor. Mazars Italia S.p.A. is also a member of Assirevi, 
the Italian association of auditing firms. Mazars Italia S.p.A. has audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, Mazars Italia S.p.A. has been appointed as independent 
auditors of the Issuer by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer held on 29 April 2019.  
The appointment of Mazars Italia S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, Via Ceresio, No. 
7, Italy, as independent auditor firm of the Guarantor for the year 2021 and 2022 was approved 
by the Quotaholders’ meeting of the Guarantor held on June 30, 2020.  
*** 
Declaration of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports  
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, Mr. Serdar Oezkan, Chief 
Financial Officer of DB S.p.A., declares, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154-bis of the 
Financial Law, that the consolidated accounting information of the Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Group contained in this Base Prospectus correspond to the document results, books and 
accounting records.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
    
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents which have previously been published or which are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the English translation of DB S.p.A. audited annual consolidated financial statements 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year ending on 31 December 2021 (available at the 
following 
link 
https://country.db.com/italia/documents/2022/05/DB%20S.p.A.-
Bilancio%20Consolidato%20al%2031.12.2021_EN.pdf?language_id=3);  
2. 
the English translation of the DB S.p.A. audited annual consolidated financial 
statements including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ending on 31 December 2022 (available at 
the 
following 
link 
https://country.db.com/italia/documents/2024/1/DBspaAnnualConsolidatedFinancial
StatementsVentidue.pdf?language_id=3);  
3. 
the English translation of the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements including 
the auditors’ report thereon in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 2021 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.securitisation-
services.com/en/files/DB%20Covered%20Bond/Bilancio%202021_DB%20CB_DEF
_EN_assemblato.pdf ); and 
4. 
the English translation of the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements including 
the auditors’ report thereon in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 2022 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.securitisation-
services.com/en/files/DB%20Covered%20Bond/Bilancio%202022_DB%20CB_DEF
_EN_assemblato.pdf ).  
 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of 
a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The financial statements referred to above, together with the audit reports thereon (where 
published), are available in English. The English language versions represent a direct 
translation from the Italian language documents.  
Cross-reference lists  
 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, including the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (in 
respect of the Issuer and the Guarantor), can be found in the above mentioned financial 
statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers

--- Page 310 ---
310 
    
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
The English translation of DB S.p.A. audited annual consolidated financial statements 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles 
in respect of the year ending on 31 December 2021. 
Balance sheet 
23-24 
Income statements 
25 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Cash Flow Statement 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Explanatory notes 
Credit Risk Management System 
Auditors’ report 
26 
29 
27-28 
30-185 
140-145 
18-20 
The English Translation of DB S.p.A. audited annual consolidated financial statements 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles 
in respect of the year ending on 31 December 2022 
Balance sheet 
Income statements 
Statement of comprehensive income  
Cash Flow Statement 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Explanatory notes 
Credit Risk Management System 
Auditors’ report 
24-25 
26 
27 
30 
28-29 
31-176 
127-131 
18-21 
The English Translation of the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements including 
the auditors’ report thereon in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 2021.1 
Balance sheet 
Income statements 
Statement of comprehensive income  
Cash Flow Statement 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
16 
17-18 
19 
21-22 
20 
Explanatory notes 
23-78 
Credit Risk Management System 
Auditors’ report 
70 
2-5 
The English Translation of the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements including 
the auditors’ report thereon in respect of the year ended on and as at 31 December 20222. 
Balance sheet 
Income statements 
Statement of comprehensive income  
Cash Flow Statement 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Explanatory notes 
Credit Risk Management System 
Auditors’report 
17 
18-19 
20 
22-23 
21 
24-82 
74 
2-5 
 
 
1 Please note that the cross-reference list to the 2021 Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements 
refers to the PDF pages. 
2 Please note that the cross-reference list to the 2022 Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements 
refers to the PDF pages.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
    
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference. 
Excluded part of the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by 
reference and is considered either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.  
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended, respectively, on 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A., in their 
capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in their reports thereon. 
The annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 have been audited by Mazars Italia S.p.A., in their capacity as 
independent auditors of the Guarantor, as indicated in their reports thereon. 
The Issuer declares that the English translation of the Guarantor’s financial reports incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is an accurate and not misleading translation in all material 
respect of the Italian language version of the Guarantor’s financial reports. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the 
accounting principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the 
relative interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee 
(IFRIC), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002; the financial 
statements at 31 December 2021 was carried out on the basis of the instructions issued by the 
Bank of Italy with circular no. 262/05 and its seventh update of 29 October 2021. In preparing 
the financial statements, the IAS / IFRS principles were applied as well as the interpretative 
documents (SIC / IFRIC) approved by the European Union and in force at 31 December 2021. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at 
the head office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be 
obtained via the internet at the website of DB S.p.A. (www.db.com/italia) and the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Written or oral requests for such 
documents should be directed to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
    
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if any adverse change shall occur in the business or financial 
position of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds”, that is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of an amendment or supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
    
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a 
term indicates the page on which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this 
Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some cases are summaries of, the definitions of such 
terms set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended from time to time 
£ ................................................................................................................................................. v 
€ ......................................................................................................................................... v, 198 
24 hours ................................................................................................................................. 237 
30/360 (Fixed rate) ................................................................................................................ 194 
30/360 (Floating Rate) ........................................................................................................... 195 
30E/360 ................................................................................................................................. 195 
30E/360 (ISDA) .................................................................................................................... 196 
48 hours ................................................................................................................................. 237 
ABS ............................................................................................................................... 130, 152 
ABS General Criteria .............................................................................................................. 44 
Acceleration Notice ............................................................................................................... 189 
Acceleration Notice ................................................................................................................. 29 
Account ................................................................................................................................. 189 
Account Bank .................................................................................................................. 13, 190 
Account Bank Report ............................................................................................................ 190 
Accounts ................................................................................................................................ 189 
Accounts ........................................................................................................................ 151, 165 
Accrual Yield ........................................................................................................................ 190 
Accrued Interest .................................................................................................................... 190 
Actual/360 ............................................................................................................................. 194 
Actual/365 ............................................................................................................................. 194 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................................................................................ 194 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ............................................................................................................. 194 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .......................................................................................................... 194 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ............................................................................................................ 194 
Additional Business Centre(s) ............................................................................................... 190 
Additional Financial Centre(s) .............................................................................................. 190 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount ................................................................................ 143, 190 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount ...................................................................... 169, 190 
Affected Loan ........................................................................................................................ 143 
Affected Party ........................................................................................................................ 190 
Aggregate Premium Interests ................................................................................................ 157 
Amortisation Test .....................................................................................................46, 146, 190 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount ......................................................................... 146 
Arranger................................................................................................................................... 12 
Arrears of Interest .................................................................................................................. 169 
Article .................................................................................................................................... 238 
Article 74 Event ........................................................................................................28, 190, 229 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice .......................................................................................... 28, 190 
Asset Coverage Test ...........................................................................................45, 46, 143, 190 
Asset Monitor ...................................................................................................13, 128, 183, 190 
Asset Monitor Agreement ................................................................................52, 128, 172, 190 
Asset Percentage .................................................................................................................... 146 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance ....................................................................... 144 
Asset Swap ...................................................................................................................... 13, 191 
Asset Swap Counterparty ................................................................................................ 13, 191 
Available Funds ............................................................................................................... 37, 191

--- Page 314 ---
314 
    
Back-up Servicer ................................................................................................................... 191 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator ............................................................................................ 12, 191 
Banking Act ........................................................................................................................... 299 
Banking Law ............................................................................................................11, 178, 193 
Bankruptcy Law .............................................................................................................. 96, 179 
Base Interest ............................................................................................................................ 49 
Base Interests ......................................................................................................................... 157 
Base Prospectus .................................................................................................................. i, 265 
Block Voting Instruction ....................................................................................................... 235 
Blocked Covered Bonds ........................................................................................................ 236 
BoI Regulations .................................................................................................................. i, 188 
Breach of Test Notice .................................................................................................... 168, 192 
Breach of Test Notice .............................................................................................................. 47 
Breach Related Loss .............................................................................................................. 143 
Business Day ......................................................................................................................... 191 
Business Day Convention...................................................................................................... 191 
Calculation Agent ............................................................................................................ 13, 192 
Calculation Amount .............................................................................................................. 192 
Calculation Date .................................................................................................................... 192 
Calculation Period ................................................................................................................. 194 
Call Option ............................................................................................................................ 192 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement .................................................................... 52, 165 
Cash Manager .................................................................................................................. 13, 192 
Cash Manager Report ............................................................................................................ 192 
CB Interest Period ................................................................................................................. 192 
CB Interest Period ................................................................................................................... 17 
CB Payment Date .................................................................................................................. 192 
CB Payment Date .................................................................................................................... 17 
Chairman ............................................................................................................................... 236 
Clawed Back Amounts .................................................................................................. 160, 200 
Clearstream ......................................................................................................................... i, 193 
Collateral Account ................................................................................................................. 193 
Collection Date ...................................................................................................................... 193 
Collection Date ........................................................................................................................ 35 
Collection Period ................................................................................................................... 193 
Collection Period ..................................................................................................................... 35 
Collections ............................................................................................................................... 51 
Condition ............................................................................................................................... 188 
Conditions ................................................................................................................19, 188, 265 
Conditions to the Issue ............................................................................................................ 23 
CONSOB ........................................................................................................................... ii, 193 
Consumer Credit Directive .................................................................................................... 101 
Corporate Servicer ................................................................................................................... 12 
Corporate Services Agreement .................................................................................51, 163, 193 
Cover Pool ............................................................................................................................. 193 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement ......................................................................... 167, 193 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement ................................................................................... 52 
Cover Pool Manager .............................................................................................................. 169 
Cover Pool Swap ..................................................................................................................... 54 
Covered Bond Guarantee .................................................................................51, 158, 176, 188 
Covered Bond Instalment Date ............................................................................................. 193 
Covered Bond Swap ........................................................................................................ 13, 193 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty .................................................................................. 13, 193 
Covered Bondholder .............................................................................................................. 236 
Covered Bondholders .................................................................................................... 193, 238

--- Page 315 ---
315 
    
Covered Bondholders .............................................................................................................. 20 
Covered Bonds ................................................................................................... i, 188, 189, 238 
CRA Regulation ........................................................................................................................ ii 
Criteria ............................................................................................................................. 44, 133 
CSA ..........................................................................................................................14, 175, 193 
CSSF ........................................................................................................................................... i 
Current Balance ..................................................................................................................... 169 
Day Count Fraction ............................................................................................................... 194 
DB S.p.A. ................................................................................................................................... i 
Dealer .................................................................................................................................... 196 
Dealers ........................................................................................................................... 189, 294 
Debtors .................................................................................................................................... 42 
Decree No. 239 ...................................................................................................................... 227 
Deed of Pledge ........................................................................................................................ 53 
Defaulting Party .................................................................................................................... 196 
Deutsche Bank Group ............................................................................................................. 15 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. Group .................................................................................................. 15 
Due for Payment Date ................................................................................................... 159, 196 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds ............................................................................ 189 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds ......................................................................................... 169 
Early Redemption Amount .............................................................................................. 20, 196 
Early Redemption Date ......................................................................................................... 196 
Early Termination Amount.................................................................................................... 196 
Eligible Assets ........................................................................................................130, 152, 197 
Eligible Assets Revolving Assignments ................................................................................ 153 
Eligible Institution ......................................................................................................... 144, 197 
Eligible Investments ........................................................................................................ 39, 197 
Eligible States ........................................................................................................................ 198 
Engagement Letter .................................................................................................................. 47 
EUR ....................................................................................................................................... 198 
EURIBOR ............................................................................................................................. 198 
euro ............................................................................................................................................ v 
Euro ................................................................................................................................... v, 198 
Eurobond Basis ...................................................................................................................... 195 
Euroclear ............................................................................................................................ i, 198 
Eurodollar Convention .......................................................................................................... 191 
Evaluation Date ............................................................................................................. 152, 199 
Event of Default .................................................................................................................... 236 
Excess Proceeds .............................................................................................................. 37, 199 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts .......................................................................... 160, 209 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts ....................................................................... 160, 210 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount ..................................................................................... 32 
Expense Account ................................................................................................................... 199 
Expense Required Amount ...................................................................................................... 32 
Extended Maturity Date .................................................................................................. 21, 199 
Extension Determination Date .............................................................................................. 199 
Extraordinary Resolution............................................................................................... 199, 236 
FIEA ...................................................................................................................................... 297 
Final Redemption Amount .......................................................................................21, 159, 199 
Final Terms............................................................................................................................ 188 
Final Terms.............................................................................................................................. 19 
Financial Law .................................................................................................................... ii, 188 
First CB Payment Date .......................................................................................................... 199 
Fixed Coupon Amount .......................................................................................................... 199 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond ..................................................................................................... 199

--- Page 316 ---
316 
    
Fixed Rate Provisions ............................................................................................................ 199 
Floating Rate Convention ...................................................................................................... 191 
Floating Rate Covered Bond ................................................................................................. 199 
Floating Rate Provisions ....................................................................................................... 199 
Following Business Day Convention .................................................................................... 191 
FRN Convention .................................................................................................................... 191 
General Criteria ........................................................................................................44, 133, 153 
Guaranteed Amounts ..................................................................................................... 159, 199 
Guarantor ...................................................................................................................... i, 12, 188 
Guarantor Events of Default .....................................................................................28, 200, 230 
Guarantor Payment Date ................................................................................................. 31, 200 
Individual Commitment Limit ................................................................................................. 48 
Initial Issue Date .............................................................................................................. 17, 200 
Initial Receivables ............................................................................................41, 130, 152, 200 
Insolvency Event ................................................................................................................... 200 
Instalment Amount ................................................................................................................ 222 
Integration ............................................................................................................................. 180 
Integration Advance ................................................................................................................ 49 
Integration Advances ............................................................................................................. 156 
Integration Assets ...................................................................................................153, 180, 201 
Integration Assets Limit ........................................................................................................ 153 
Integration Assets Revolving Assignments ........................................................................... 153 
Integration Assignment ......................................................................................................... 153 
Integration Assignment ........................................................................................................... 41 
Intercreditor Agreement ........................................................................................................ 201 
Intercreditor Agreement .................................................................................................. 51, 164 
Interest Amount ..................................................................................................................... 201 
Interest Available Funds .................................................................................................. 33, 201 
Interest Commencement Date ............................................................................................... 202 
Interest Commencement Date ................................................................................................. 17 
Interest Coverage Test ........................................................................................................... 142 
Interest Coverage Test ............................................................................................................. 45 
Interest Determination Date .................................................................................................. 202 
Investment Account ............................................................................................................... 202 
Investor Report .............................................................................................................. 165, 203 
Investor's Currency .................................................................................................................. 87 
ISDA ...................................................................................................................................... 175 
ISDA ........................................................................................................................................ 14 
ISDA Definitions ................................................................................................................... 203 
ISDA Determination .............................................................................................................. 203 
ISDA Master Agreement ................................................................................................. 14, 175 
ISDA Rate ............................................................................................................................. 215 
Issuance Advance .................................................................................................................... 49 
Issuance Advances ................................................................................................................ 156 
Issuance Assignment ............................................................................................................... 41 
Issuance Assignments ............................................................................................................ 153 
Issue Date .............................................................................................................................. 203 
Issue Date ................................................................................................................................ 17 
Issue Price................................................................................................................................ 17 
Issuer ............................................................................................................................ i, 11, 188 
Issuer Event of Default .......................................................................................................... 228 
Issuer Events of Default .................................................................................................. 26, 203 
Italian Paying Agent ................................................................................................................ 14 
Italy ............................................................................................................................................ v 
Law 130 ........................................................................................................................ i, 12, 188

--- Page 317 ---
317 
    
Liabilities ............................................................................................................................... 236 
Limits to the Assignment......................................................................................................... 41 
Liquidation Date .............................................................................................................. 39, 203 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ........................................................................................... 143 
Luxembourg Listing Agent ................................................................................................... 203 
Luxembourg Listing Agent ..................................................................................................... 14 
Mandate Agreement ........................................................................................................ 54, 164 
Mandatory Tests .................................................................................................44, 45, 142, 203 
Margin ................................................................................................................................... 203 
Master Transfer Agreement ........................................................................................... 152, 203 
Master Transfer Agreement ............................................................................................... 41, 48 
Maturity Date .................................................................................................................. 21, 203 
Maximum Rate of Interest ..................................................................................................... 203 
Maximum Redemption Amount ............................................................................................ 203 
Meeting .......................................................................................................................... 203, 236 
MEF Decree ............................................................................................................... i, 176, 188 
MEF Decree ............................................................................................................................ 22 
Minimum Rate of Interest ..................................................................................................... 203 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............................................................................................ 203 
Modified Business Day Convention ...................................................................................... 191 
Modified Following Business Day Convention .................................................................... 191 
Monte Titoli ................................................................................................................ i, 189, 203 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ................................................................................................ 236 
Monte Titoli Account Holders............................................................................................ i, 203 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement ......................................................................................... 189 
Moody's ....................................................................................................................... ii, 15, 204 
Mortgage Cover Pool .............................................................................................................. 25 
Mortgage Cover Pool ............................................................................................................ 204 
Mortgage Loans ......................................................................................................130, 152, 204 
Mortgage Loans General Criteria ............................................................................................ 42 
Mortgage Pool Swap ............................................................................................................. 204 
Mortgage Pool Swap ............................................................................................................... 13 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ....................................................................................... 204 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ......................................................................................... 13 
Negative Carry Factor ........................................................................................................... 146 
No Adjustment ...................................................................................................................... 192 
Nominal Value Test ............................................................................................................... 142 
Nominal Value Test ................................................................................................................. 44 
Notice to Pay ................................................................................................................... 27, 204 
NPV Test ............................................................................................................................... 142 
NPV Test ................................................................................................................................. 45 
OBG Regulations ............................................................................................................... i, 188 
Official Gazette ..................................................................................................................... 204 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) .................................................................................... 204 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ..................................................................................... 204 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .......................................................................................... 204 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ........................................................................................... 204 
Order ...................................................................................................................................... 204 
Ordinary Resolution .............................................................................................................. 236 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ............................................................................ 204 
Originator ................................................................................................................................ 98 
Outstanding Principal Balance .............................................................................................. 204 
Partial Cover Pool ................................................................................................................. 171 
Participating Member States.................................................................................................. 293 
Paying Agents ........................................................................................................................ 205

--- Page 318 ---
318 
    
Payment Business Day .......................................................................................................... 204 
Payments Report ............................................................................................................ 165, 205 
Person .................................................................................................................................... 205 
Place of Payment ................................................................................................................... 205 
Post-Acceleration Report....................................................................................................... 205 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments ........................................................... 40 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments ......................................................... 205 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments .................................................................. 37 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments ................................................................ 205 
Potential Commingling Amount............................................................................................ 205 
Preceding Business Day Convention ..................................................................................... 191 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payment ........................................................ 31 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments .................................................... 205 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments .................................................... 33 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments .................................................. 206 
Premium Interest ..................................................................................................................... 49 
Principal Amount Outstanding ................................................................................................ 19 
Principal Available Funds ............................................................................................... 34, 206 
Principal Financial Centre ..................................................................................................... 206 
Principal Paying Agent ............................................................................................................ 14 
Priority of Payments .............................................................................................................. 206 
Privacy Law ........................................................................................................................... 161 
Programme ......................................................................................................................... i, 188 
Programme Agreement .....................................................................................53, 172, 189, 294 
Programme Limit ............................................................................................................ 16, 206 
Programme Resolution .................................................................................................. 207, 236 
Proxy ..................................................................................................................................... 236 
Public Assets ................................................................................................................... 25, 152 
Public Assets General Criteria................................................................................................. 44 
Put Option.............................................................................................................................. 207 
Put Option Notice .................................................................................................................. 207 
Put Option Receipt ................................................................................................................ 207 
Qualifying Country .......................................................................................................... 39, 207 
Quota Capital Account .......................................................................................................... 207 
Quotaholders ......................................................................................................................... 126 
Quotaholders' Agreement .........................................................................................52, 172, 207 
Rate of Interest ...................................................................................................................... 208 
Rating Agency ..........................................................................................................15, 208, 237 
Receivables .................................................................................................................... 131, 208 
Redemption Amount ............................................................................................................. 208 
Reference Banks .................................................................................................................... 208 
Reference Price ...................................................................................................................... 208 
Reference Rate ...................................................................................................................... 208 
Regular Date .......................................................................................................................... 208 
Regular Period ....................................................................................................................... 208 
Relevant Clearing System ..................................................................................................... 208 
Relevant Clearing Systems ......................................................................................................... i 
Relevant Date ........................................................................................................................ 209 
Relevant Dealer ........................................................................................................53, 209, 294 
Relevant Dealers .................................................................................................................... 173 
Relevant Events ....................................................................................................................... 46 
Relevant Financial Centre ..................................................................................................... 209 
Relevant Screen Page ............................................................................................................ 209 
Relevant Time ....................................................................................................................... 209 
Renegotiated Loan ................................................................................................................. 146

--- Page 319 ---
319 
    
Representative of the Covered Bondholders ............................................................14, 189, 209 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount................................................................. 169 
Required Redemption Amount .............................................................................................. 169 
Required Reserve Amount .......................................................................................34, 147, 209 
Reserve Account .................................................................................................................... 209 
Reserve Fund ................................................................................................................... 34, 209 
Resolutions ............................................................................................................................ 237 
Revolving Assignment .......................................................................................................... 153 
Revolving Assignment ............................................................................................................ 41 
Rules ...................................................................................................................................... 235 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ........................................................ 189 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date .......................................................................................... 160 
Scheduled Interest ......................................................................................................... 160, 209 
Scheduled Payment Date ....................................................................................................... 160 
Scheduled Principal ....................................................................................................... 160, 210 
Screen Rate Determination .................................................................................................... 210 
Secured Creditors .................................................................................................................. 210 
Secured Creditors ............................................................................................................ 51, 164 
Securities Account ................................................................................................................. 210 
Securities Act .......................................................................................................................... 16 
Security .................................................................................................................................. 256 
Selected Assets .............................................................................................................. 168, 210 
Seller ................................................................................................................................ 12, 210 
Series ............................................................................................................................. 188, 210 
Series of Covered Bonds ....................................................................................................... 210 
Series Reserved Matter .......................................................................................................... 241 
Servicer .................................................................................................................................. 210 
Servicer .............................................................................................................................. 12, 50 
Servicer Report ...................................................................................................................... 210 
Servicer Termination Event ................................................................................................... 163 
Servicing Agreement ..................................................................................................... 161, 210 
Servicing Agreement ............................................................................................................... 50 
Specific Criteria ............................................................................................................... 44, 133 
Specified Currency .......................................................................................................... 16, 210 
Specified Denomination(s) .................................................................................................... 210 
Specified Office ..................................................................................................................... 211 
Specified Period .................................................................................................................... 211 
Subordinated Loan .......................................................................................................... 48, 156 
Subordinated Loan Agreement .................................................................................48, 156, 211 
Subordinated Loan Provider .................................................................................................. 211 
Subscription Agreement ................................................................................................ 189, 294 
Subscription Agreement .......................................................................................................... 53 
Subsequent Receivables ................................................................................................ 131, 211 
Subsequent Receivables .......................................................................................................... 41 
Subsequent Receivables ........................................................................................................ 152 
Subsidiary .............................................................................................................................. 211 
sub-unit .......................................................................................................................... 214, 216 
Successor ............................................................................................................................... 238 
Successor Servicer ................................................................................................................. 162 
Suspension Period ........................................................................................................... 28, 229 
Swap Agreements .................................................................................................................. 211 
Swap Collateral ............................................................................................................. 175, 211 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts ........................................................................................ 31 
Swap Counterparties .............................................................................................................. 211 
Swap Rate .............................................................................................................................. 237

--- Page 320 ---
320 
    
TARGET Settlement Day...................................................................................................... 211 
TARGET2 ............................................................................................................................. 211 
Test Performance Report ............................................................................................... 168, 211 
Tests .............................................................................................................................. 143, 211 
Tests ........................................................................................................................................ 45 
The Eligible Assets .................................................................................................................. 25 
Tranche ............................................................................................................................ 19, 188 
Transaction Account .............................................................................................................. 211 
Transaction Documents ......................................................................................................... 212 
Transaction Party ........................................................................................................... 237, 238 
U.S. Dollar ................................................................................................................................. v 
U.S.$ .......................................................................................................................................... v 
UK Sterling................................................................................................................................ v 
Usury Law ............................................................................................................................... 99 
Usury Rates ............................................................................................................................. 99 
Voter ...................................................................................................................................... 237 
Voting Certificate .................................................................................................................. 237 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ........................................................................48, 155, 212 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ....................................................................................... 41 
Written Resolution ................................................................................................................ 237 
Yen ............................................................................................................................................ v 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond .................................................................................................. 212 
Zero Coupon Provisions ........................................................................................................ 212

--- Page 321 ---
321 
    
ISSUER 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Piazza del Calendario, 3 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
GUARANTOR 
DB Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1, Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Piazza del Calendario, 3 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
ACCOUNT BANK 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 
I Great Winchester Street 
EC2N 2DB London 
England 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Piazza del Calendario, 3 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 
I Great Winchester Street 
EC2N 2DB London 
England 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
    
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Seller 
As to Italian law and English law  
BonelliErede 
30 Cannon Street 
EC4M 6XH, 
London  
United Kingdom 
 
 
To the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
As to Italian law and English law  
Bonelli Erede Lombardi Pappalardo Studio Legale 
Via Vittoria Colonna 39 
00193 – Roma 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Piazza del Calendario, 3 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A. 
Piazza del Calendario, 3 
20126 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 10-
14 
60272 Frankfurt am 
Main 
Germany 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. 
Via Ceresio, 7 
20154 Milan 
Italy