--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
3 April 2025 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") of Deutsche Telekom AG in respect 
of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Prospectus"). 
 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany 
 
EUR 35,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to trade Notes on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market (the "Regulated Market") for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (EU) 2014/65 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
(as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany 
("Germany"), The Netherlands, the Republic of Ireland and the Republic of Austria, with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). 
The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the 
European Economic Area with a Notification.  
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any 
undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 
relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) by approving this Prospectus. Potential investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by potential investors in 
connection with an investment in any of the Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus has been filed with the CSSF and will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(http://www.telekom.com/bonds). This Prospectus succeeds the Prospectus dated 4 April 2024 pertaining to the 
Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Responsibility Statement 
Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche Telekom AG", the "Issuer" or the "Company" and together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, "Deutsche Telekom", the "Group" or "Deutsche Telekom Group") with its 
registered office in Bonn is solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Notice 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (the "Reference Documents"). Full information on the 
Issuer and any tranche of Notes (as hereinafter defined) is only available on the basis of this Prospectus 
as supplemented, together with the Reference Documents and the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms"). 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers specified under "Names and Addresses" below and any 
additional dealer appointed from time to time under the Programme (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers") that this Prospectus contains, as of the date hereof, all information with regard to the Issuer 
and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder; that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate in 
all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts, the omission of which 
would make any statement, whether fact or opinion, in this Prospectus misleading in any material 
respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts and to verify the 
accuracy of all statements contained herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any 
Final Terms or any other Reference Document, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy and 
completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
This Prospectus is valid until its expiration on 3 April 2026 and this Prospectus and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. There is no 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. The delivery of this Prospectus as 
supplemented or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as 
an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent 
to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of 
the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus 
at any time after submission of this Prospectus for approval to the CSSF if and when the information 
herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of any significant new factor, 
that is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes by potential investors. 
The Notes will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will 
be represented by global notes in bearer form that are subject to United States ("U.S.") tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons, see "Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Selling Restrictions". 
This Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. The German versions of the English language 
Terms and Conditions are shown in this Prospectus for additional information. As to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to be issued, German is the 
controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and confirms that the non-binding 
translation of the Terms and Conditions, either in the German or English language, correctly and 
adequately reflects the respective binding language version. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EEA MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. If the above-mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain 
and Northern Ireland ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer

--- Page 4 ---
4 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. If the above-mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes issued under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus as set out in "Consent to 
the Use of this Prospectus" below.  
This Prospectus and any Final Terms must not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer(s) who 
is(are) specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting 
on its(their) behalf) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin at any time after the 
adequate public disclosure of the relevant Final Terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue 
Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
All terms not otherwise defined in this Prospectus shall have the meaning as set out in the "Terms and 
Conditions" of the Notes. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus, except for the websites specified in the context of the 
documents incorporated by reference, are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Interest amounts payable under Notes bearing a floating interest rate ("Floating Rate Notes") are 
calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as amended) ("BMR"). 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Deutsche Telekom 
Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Deutsche Telekom

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results 
that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. 
Deutsche Telekom Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. 
Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the section of this Prospectus titled "Risk Factors" 
which includes more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Deutsche Telekom's 
business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions and future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual 
events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Table of Contents 
Responsibility Statement ..........................................................................................................................2 
Notice ........................................................................................................................................................2 
Forward-Looking Statements ...................................................................................................................4 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................7 
Risk Factors ..............................................................................................................................................8 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer .................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................ 15 
Deutsche Telekom AG .......................................................................................................................... 18 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus ................................................................................................... 45 
Issue Procedures ................................................................................................................................... 46 
Terms and Conditions ........................................................................................................................... 48 
Option I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates ............ 49 
Option II - Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ....... 75 
Form of Final Terms/Muster der Endgültigen Bedingungen ............................................................... 108 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................... 129 
General Information ............................................................................................................................. 130 
Selling Restrictions .............................................................................................................................. 130 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 134 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information ..................................................................................... 134 
Authorisation ........................................................................................................................................ 134 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents Available ............................................................................ 135 
Names and Addresses ........................................................................................................................ 138

--- Page 7 ---
7 
General Description of the Programme 
Under this EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, Deutsche Telekom may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of offer to the public or private placements 
and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, 
unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are 
identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a 
single series and identical in all respects, except for issue dates, interest commencement dates and/or 
issue prices may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing 
Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000 and if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other 
currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.  
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The 
issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which 
will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during 
the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. 
The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK will have a minimum redemption amount of 
GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be redeemed until on 
or after the first anniversary of their date of issue. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of and to admit 
such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Under the 
Programme Notes may also be issued which will not be listed on any Stock Exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF"), Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). Notes 
denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the 
purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, are intended to be held in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, 
these Notes will initially be deposited upon issue with (i) either CBL or Euroclear as common safekeeper 
in the case of a new global note or, (ii) CBF. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Risk Factors  
Potential investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and the Reference 
Documents. In addition, potential investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and 
thus accumulate. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material to the Issuer and that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Potential investors should consider these 
risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the described risks may result in a 
significant decrease in the price of the Notes and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment.  
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer are presented in the following categories with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Industry, Competition and Strategy 
• 
Regulation 
• 
Environmental, social and governance 
• 
Operational 
• 
Brand, Communication and Reputation 
• 
Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
• 
Financial 
1) Industry, Competition and Strategy 
Deutsche Telekom faces intense competition in all areas of its business, which could lead to 
reduced prices for its products and services and a decrease in market share in certain service 
areas, thereby adversely affecting Deutsche Telekom's revenues and net profit. 
Competitive pressure is expected to continue in Germany and Europe and Deutsche Telekom is 
expecting market prices for mobile voice telephony and mobile data services to continually decrease. 
Competition is high and increasing in the US as the market saturation in the wireless industry is leading 
to an increased war for customers. This would adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's competitive position 
in the US market and its ability to grow. All segments would be affected by new market entrants such

--- Page 9 ---
9 
as major internet and consumer electronics industry players as well as regional network operators that 
could continue to increase their market share. Smaller competitors could take unforeseen and 
aggressive pricing measures. Current competitors can win new customers by cutting prices and offering 
limited or even unlimited discounts. Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions operating segment also faces 
challenges. Continued strong competition and persistent price erosion are adversely affecting traditional 
information and communication technology ("ICT") business. In addition, the technological shift toward 
cloud solutions and digitalisation in the IT sector is prompting new, strongly capitalised, competitors to 
enter the market. Therefore, Deutsche Telekom continues to be threatened by further losses in market 
share as well as decreasing margins. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the 
overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Weaker economic prospects and political uncertainties could adversely affect Deutsche 
Telekom's customers' purchases of products and services in each of the operating segments, 
which could have a negative impact on the operating results and overall financial condition of 
Deutsche Telekom. 
Political uncertainties and geopolitical crises fuel negative economic developments, such as high 
inflation, economic recession or lower income per household, and pose a risk to future economic growth. 
This means that any of Deutsche Telekom's footprint countries that would be affected by such actual or 
even possible growth slowdown as private and business customers would decrease their consumption 
of telecommunication services. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall 
financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom could be directly or indirectly affected by geopolitical turmoil or 
confrontations, or other related effects, which could adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's 
reputation and financial results. 
Deutsche Telekom's footprint and supply chains are intertwined on a global level. Should economic, 
political and/or technological tensions continue to rise between rival geopolitical powers, the risk of 
belligerent conflict between states could have severe global consequences including biological, 
chemical, cyber and/or physical attacks, military interventions, or the collapse of states. Furthermore, 
geopolitical incidents could be the cause of additional related effects such as higher inflation or a surge 
in energy prices. Such an international crisis would affect the business of Deutsche Telekom and the 
business of its suppliers and partners leading to lower revenues, cash flows and could worsen the overall 
financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom is exposed to the economic effects of pandemic outbreaks, which could delay 
or reduce cash flow or reduce the usage of its products and services. Furthermore, it could lead 
to delays in network upgrading and supply chains thereby adversely affecting Deutsche 
Telekom's revenues and net profit. 
A pandemic is impossible to predict and could bring great uncertainty on the economy and the respective 
impacts on Deutsche Telekom's business and financial results. This could include but is not limited to a 
decline of roaming volumes, lower subscriber growth, increasing bad debt of business and consumer 
subscribers. If a pandemic outbreak should occur and quickly spread, it could cause significant negative 
effects on network improvements and maintenance, procurement and the supply chain. Such pandemic 
outbreaks could impact Deutsche Telekom at any time resulting in decreasing margins, lower revenues 
or delays in cash flows. This would ultimately worsen the overall financial condition and possibly even 
the reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
A substantive or temporal deviation from planned measures for strategic transformation and 
integration may reduce its benefits and this could negatively impact Deutsche Telekom's 
business situation, financial position and operational results. 
Deutsche Telekom is in a continuous process of strategic adjustments and cost-cutting initiatives. If 
Deutsche Telekom is unable to implement these projects as planned, the benefits could be less than 
originally estimated or arrive later than expected or even not at all. Also, merger related integration of 
operational areas as well as fulfilment of various conditions imposed by the authorities are complex and 
could jeopardise the realisation of planned synergies. Each of these factors, individually or combined, 
could have a negative impact on revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Deutsche Telekom is using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to boost efficiency and automation. Failure 
to abide by ethical guidelines or regulations like the EU AI Act and lack of monitoring 
mechanisms could outweigh the overall benefits of AI. Additionally, a limitation of the usage of 
AI (e.g. due to state interventions or restriction) could negatively impact Deutsche Telekom's 
business situation, financial position and overall reputation. 
Deutsche Telekom is leveraging Artificial Intelligence (AI) to improve customer experience, optimising 
decision-making processes and increasing overall efficiency. Failure to abide by ethical guidelines or 
regulations like Regulation (EU) 2024/1689 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 June 
2024 (the "EU AI Act") and lack of monitoring mechanisms could outweigh the overall benefits of AI. To 
gain the planned positive effects of the usage of AI, the access to AI models is important. A limitation of 
the availability could negatively impact Deutsche Telekom's business situation, financial position and 
overall reputation. These AI related factors could worsen the overall financial condition, lead to more 
litigation and possibly even damage the reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom may not realise either the expected level of demand for its new/existing 
products and services, or the expected level and timing of revenues generated by those products 
and services, on account of the lack of market acceptance or technological change, which could 
adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's cash flows. 
Deutsche Telekom may not succeed in making customers sufficiently aware of existing and future value-
added services or in creating customer acceptance of these services at the prices Deutsche Telekom 
would want to charge. A lack of market acceptance for these new products and services could be fuelled 
by an unwillingness to pay for such additional features. 
Furthermore, as innovation cycles continue to shrink, they confront the telecommunications sector with 
the challenge of bringing out new products and services at ever shorter intervals. New technologies are 
superseding existing technologies, products, or services in part, in some cases even completely. Failure 
to harness the potential of AI or other emerging technologies could dampen our ability to innovate. This 
would lead to lower prices and revenues in both voice and data traffic. This in turn could lead to lower 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom regularly engages in large-scale programmes to reshape the information 
technology ("IT") and network infrastructure to adapt to changing customer needs and 
organisational and accounting requirements. The implementation of any of these programmes 
may require substantial investments and failure to effectively plan and monitor them would lead 
to misallocations of resources and impaired processes with negative consequences for 
Deutsche Telekom's operations. 
Deutsche Telekom's IT and network resources and infrastructure is the basis for innovative 
telecommunications products and services that Deutsche Telekom offers or plans to offer in the future. 
As Deutsche Telekom replaces the various architectures, access types and services with a standardised 
architecture, the enormous complexity of the implementation of this IT initiative, malfunctions, 
connectivity issues, implementation delays, inadequate planning and management and other 
unforeseen problems could result in costly process impairments and remediation and possible extended 
down-times of IT processes. These problems may hamper the attainment of Deutsche Telekom's goals 
in terms of cost savings and quality improvements. As Deutsche Telekom's traditional platforms has 
been replaced by an IP-based system, Deutsche Telekom's IT systems exposure to cyber-attacks, 
"spam calls" and other disruptions could increase. These risks could lead to a temporary interruption of 
Deutsche Telekom's IT resources and, as a result, impair the performance of Deutsche Telekom's 
technical infrastructure. Additionally, if Deutsche Telekom is not ready in time to exploit the benefits of 
technological advances (such as AI and automation), it could experience a decline in demand for its 
services. System failures, security breaches, data protection violations, disruption of operations and 
unauthorised use or impairment of Deutsche Telekom network and other systems could damage 
Deutsche Telekom's reputation, increase costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen 
the overall financial condition of Deutsche Telekom.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
2) Regulation 
Deutsche Telekom operates in heavily regulated business environments. Respective decisions 
that regulatory authorities impose on Deutsche Telekom restrict flexibility in managing its 
business and can force it to offer their services to competitors or reduce their prices for products 
and services. This will reduce Deutsche Telekom's revenues and also market share. 
Deutsche Telekom AG and its international subsidiaries are largely subject to national, European, and 
U.S. regulation, which is associated with extensive powers for national regulatory authorities to intervene 
in product design and pricing. In addition, the European Commission issues regulations and 
recommendations, which must be taken into account by the national regulatory authorities in Europe. 
Regulatory interventions are difficult to anticipate and therefore can disrupt financial forecasting. These 
regulatory interventions will continue to impact both fixed-network and mobile markets (including 
wholesale offerings) in the medium and long term. Media products are also subject to U.S., European 
and national regulations in respect to copyright and responsibility for published content. Regulatory 
bodies can enforce the regulation but also impose fines in cases of non-compliance. These regulatory 
risks (for example unfavourable auction rules and frequency usage requirements, international roaming, 
net neutrality and universal service) will in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall 
financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
3) Environmental, social and governance 
Climate change is increasing ecological and social awareness. Compliance with new 
requirements can impact Deutsche Telekom's operations, revenues and profits. Failure to 
comply can have a huge impact on the reputation and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom 
Group. 
The demand to become more responsible for ensuring compliance with growing ecological and social 
standards is increasing. The requirements placed on the environmental compatibility of products 
throughout the supply chain and the entire value chain (including requirements such as the Corporate 
Sustainability 
Reporting 
Directive 
and 
the 
German 
Supply 
Chain 
Due 
Diligence 
Act 
(Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz)) are complex and require a high level of effort. Additionally, the 
continuous reduction of resource consumption and use of renewable energy may increase over time 
leading to additional investments in order to modify processes and infrastructure. This could have 
negative direct or indirect effects on operations. The inability to understand or comply with these 
requirements could lead to lower revenues, cash flows and could worsen the overall enterprise value 
and financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
4) Operational 
Shortcomings in Deutsche Telekom's supplier selection and procurement process could 
negatively affect its product portfolio, revenues and profits. 
As a service provider, an operator and provider of telecommunications and IT products, Deutsche 
Telekom cooperates with a variety of suppliers of technical components, such as software, hardware, 
transmission systems, switching systems, outside plant, and terminal equipment. 
Supply risks cannot be entirely ruled out. The dependence on individual suppliers for example from 
Chinese telecommunication suppliers or from individual vendors' defaulting can increase. The overall 
availability and or scarcity of resources, delivery bottlenecks, price increases, changes in the prevailing 
economic conditions or suppliers' product strategies resulting from but not limited to geopolitical 
conflicts, wars or governments prohibiting the purchase, use and/or replacement of specific vendor or 
supplier products may have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's supply chain management and 
business processes. Additionally, recent security concerns prohibiting the partial or complete use of 
technology or products from critical vendors in Deutsche Telekom's networks would result in an intensive 
process of replacing such technology or products. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's 
costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and significantly worsen the overall financial condition 
and reputation of Deutsche Telekom.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
System failures due to natural or man-made disruptions and loss of data could result in reduced 
user traffic and reduced revenues and could harm Deutsche Telekom's reputation and financial 
results. 
Deutsche Telekom's information/network technology infrastructure is complex and is being constantly 
expanded and upgraded. Outages in the current and future technical infrastructure arising from natural 
disasters, such as fire, flooding, hurricanes, scarcity of energy, or man-made disruptions, such as 
unauthorised access, are possible and would cause interruptions to any business processes, products 
or services. Remediation costs could include liability for information loss or repairing infrastructure and 
systems. Furthermore, Deutsche Telekom's products, services and data are subject to data privacy and 
data security especially in connection with unauthorised access to (customer, partner or employee) data 
that is either stored by Deutsche Telekom or third parties. Data privacy regulation requirements are 
increasing over time, but also data security is vulnerable as IT security challenges are multiplying as 
cybercrime and industrial espionage are on the rise. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's 
costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom.  
Failure to achieve the planned reduction and restructuring of personnel or the human resources-
related cost-savings goals could negatively affect the reputation and achievement of Deutsche 
Telekom's financial objectives and profitability. 
Deutsche Telekom continues to use socially responsible measures to restructure the workforce in the 
Group, essentially by means of voluntary redundancies, partial and early retirement, and employment 
opportunities for civil servants and employees. If the acquisition and retention of talent and staff 
restructuring measures are not possible or are not implemented as planned or at all, they could have a 
negative impact on revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of 
Deutsche Telekom. 
As a result of dispositions of certain non-core businesses in Germany, there is an increased risk 
of return of civil servants transferred out of Deutsche Telekom Group, which could have a 
negative impact on the staff and cost reduction objectives. 
When Group entities that employ civil servants are disposed of, it is generally possible to continue to 
employ them at the Group entity to be sold, provided the civil servant agrees or submits an application 
to be employed at the respective unit in future. However, they may return to Deutsche Telekom from a 
sold entity or if a company is not able to offer them jobs. This would increase Deutsche Telekom's costs 
and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of 
Deutsche Telekom. 
5) Brand, Communication and Reputation 
Potential breaches of compliance requirements (including anti-fraud, data protection or the 
EU AI Act) as well as the identification of material weaknesses in Deutsche Telekom's internal 
control over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on Deutsche Telekom's corporate 
reputation, financial condition and the trading price of its securities. 
Potential breaches of compliance requirements, including anti-fraud measures (for example measures 
against employee misconduct, financial misreporting, or fraudulent transactions), data protection or the 
EU AI Act as well as the identification of material weaknesses in Deutsche Telekom's internal control 
over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on Deutsche Telekom's corporate reputation, 
financial condition and the trading price of its securities. At the same time, the legal framework governing 
the monitoring of companies is becoming more comprehensive, which increases the liability for 
executive bodies and associated costs. These risks and their related consequences will continue to exist 
and measures to remediate any identified shortcomings in its internal controls over financial reporting, 
activities of this kind may involve significant effort and expense, and disclosure of any failures, material 
weakness or other conditions, may result in a deterioration of Deutsche Telekom's corporate image and 
negative market reactions, which in turn may negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's 
securities. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and 
responsibilities of Deutsche Telekom Group can have a huge impact on the reputation, the 
standing and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom Group. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and

--- Page 13 ---
13 
responsibilities of Deutsche Telekom arising from ecological or social aspects or from the management 
of Deutsche Telekom can have a material impact on the reputation, the standing and the brand image 
of Deutsche Telekom. Expectations to disclose company positions on political and social issues (such 
as diversity) are growing. Social networks have made it possible that such information and opinions can 
spread much faster and extensively than they could just a few years ago. Ultimately, negative reports 
can result in a deterioration of Deutsche Telekom's revenues or corporate image and increase negative 
market reactions, which in turn may negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
Developments in the telecommunications sector have resulted, and may in the future result, in 
substantial write-downs of the carrying value of certain of Deutsche Telekom's assets. 
The value of the assets of Deutsche Telekom AG and its subsidiaries depends on changes in the 
respective economic, regulatory, business or political environments. These changes could negatively 
affect the value of goodwill, intangible assets or property, plant and equipment, investments accounted 
for using the equity method, or other financial assets. Any of these impairment losses could impact to a 
considerable extent Deutsche Telekom's results and could worsen the overall financial condition, which 
in turn may negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
Possible health risks of wireless communications devices have led to litigation affecting markets 
with Deutsche Telekom's mobile telecommunications operations subsidiaries, and could lead to 
decreased wireless communications usage or increased difficulty in obtaining sites for base 
stations and, as a result, adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of 
Deutsche Telekom's wireless services business. 
Mobile communications, or the electromagnetic fields used in mobile communications, regularly give 
rise to concerns among the general population about potential health risks. There is intense public, 
political, and scientific debate of this issue. New research on exposure effects to Electromagnetic Fields 
could lead to higher concern among the general public about both mobile communications networks and 
the use of mobile handsets. This affects the build-out of mobile networks and the use of mobile terminal 
devices, but also the sales of traditional IP and Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications (DECT 
- digital cordless) phones and devices that use WiFi technology. There are also regulatory interventions, 
such as reduced thresholds for electromagnetic fields or the implementation of precautionary measures 
in mobile communications, such as amendments to building laws or labelling requirements for handsets. 
These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows 
and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
6) Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Deutsche Telekom is continuously involved in disputes and litigation with government agencies, 
competition authorities, competitors and other parties. Deutsche Telekom is also subject to anti-trust 
laws. The ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings is generally uncertain. When finally concluded, 
they may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Deutsche Telekom is subject to numerous legal and regulatory proceedings, in which Deutsche Telekom 
is currently a party or which could develop in the future. Litigation (including Class Action lawsuits) and 
regulatory proceedings, including patent infringement lawsuits, are inherently unpredictable. Deutsche 
Telekom and its subsidiaries are subject to proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage 
actions under civil law. Legal or regulatory proceedings in which Deutsche Telekom is or comes to be 
involved (or settlements thereof) may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of 
operations, overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
7) Financial 
Liquidity, credit, currency, interest rate, rating and tax risks may continue to have an adverse 
effect on Deutsche Telekom's revenue and cost development. 
With regard to its assets, liabilities and planned transactions, Deutsche Telekom Group is particularly 
exposed to liquidity risks, credit risks, and the risk of changes in exchange and interest rates. 
Liquidity risk comprises the risk of the Company's inability to meet its short-term financial obligations 
in a timely fashion or in full. This could occur in circumstances in which an asset cannot be traded or 
sold or in case of an inefficient market. Deutsche Telekom primarily uses bonds, issued in a variety of 
currencies and jurisdictions, for medium- to long-term financing and maintains a liquidity reserve in the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
form of credit lines and cash as part of its liquidity management. A negative development of the capital 
markets could increase Deutsche Telekom's financing costs or could decrease its ability to raise funds. 
Hence, lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, 
overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Credit risk comprises the risk that a counterparty will not fulfil its contractual obligations. Through 
Deutsche Telekom's operating business and certain financing activities, Deutsche Telekom is exposed 
to credit risk. The failure of a counterparty to fulfil its obligations, its insolvency or its bankruptcy would 
lead to an interruption of cash flows, increased costs for collection or loss of assets. Hence, 
counterparties which are not able to fulfil their contractual obligations may have a material adverse effect 
on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial condition. 
Currency risk comprises the risk of a fluctuation in the value of a currency which negatively affects the 
value of assets, investments, and related payment streams like interest and dividend. Deutsche Telekom 
is exposed to currency risks from its investing, financing, and operating activities. Currency risks in the 
area of investments result, for example, from the acquisition and disposal of investments in foreign 
currencies. Currency risks in the financing area are caused by financial liabilities in foreign currency and 
loans in foreign currency that are issued by Group entities for financing purposes. The Group entities 
predominantly execute their operating activities in their respective functional currencies. Payments 
made in a currency other than the respective functional currency result in currency risks in the Group. 
Hence, changes in the value of currencies may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's 
results of operations and overall financial condition. 
Interest rate risk comprises the potential increase of financing costs resulting from unexpected 
fluctuations in interest rates. Changes in market interest rates affect the interest income or expense of 
variable-interest financial instruments. In addition to the interest rate risk pertaining to variable-interest 
debt, this also includes the issue of new liabilities. Deutsche Telekom's interest rate risk mainly results 
from interest-bearing liabilities and exists primarily in the euro zone and the United States. Hence 
fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of 
operations and overall financial condition. 
Rating risk relates to potential downgrades of Deutsche Telekom's credit rating by the rating agencies 
Fitch, Moody's or Standard & Poor's, which could have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's 
financing costs and Deutsche Telekom's ability to obtain new financing. In addition, if Deutsche 
Telekom's credit rating would be lowered by one notch, the interest rate rises by 0.5 per cent. for some 
of the issued bonds with a step-up clause. Hence the downgrade of credit ratings may have a material 
adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, overall financial condition and reputation 
of Deutsche Telekom. 
Tax risk relates to uncertainties and potential changes of tax rules resulting in higher tax expenses than 
expected. In many countries, Deutsche Telekom is subject to the applicable legal tax provisions. 
Changes in taxation laws or case law and different interpretations of existing provisions and 
uncertainties regarding the applicability or interpretation of tax rules can affect Deutsche Telekom tax 
expenses and benefits as well as tax receivables and liabilities. Hence uncertainties and changes of tax 
rules may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall 
financial condition.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes  
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
• 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
1) Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of and to 
admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, 
the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed 
or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity than if they were not listed. If the Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for 
such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Notes. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on certain factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of a Note is therefore exposed to the 
risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Note which materialises if the holder sells 
the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. 
2) Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Issuer has 
the right to redeem the Notes early for reason of minimal outstanding principal amount. In addition, the 
Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the 
Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his 
investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise his optional 
call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the investor 
may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the 
other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable 
Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the 
Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of 
changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital 
market ("market interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, 
the price of a Fixed Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately 
equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate of comparable issues. If the holder of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until maturity, 
changes in the market interest rate for comparable issues are without relevance to such holder as the 
Note will be redeemed at the principal amount of such Note. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain

--- Page 16 ---
16 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
A Floating Rate Note may include caps or floors. In such case, their market value may be more volatile 
than those for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that the 
amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the holder will not 
be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be 
considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication 
of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Specific risks linked to EURIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to reference rates. EURIBOR and other 
reference rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a 
"Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause these Benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a Benchmark. 
The BMR applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the 
use of a Benchmark within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) Benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of EURIBOR or such other Benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of EURIBOR or such other Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such Benchmark, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmarks 
or lead to the disappearance of the Benchmark. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has been adapted to the requirements 
of the BMR. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is currently not 
foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any 
further changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on 
the value of any Notes whose interest is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware 
that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Notes. Under these fallback provisions, the Issuer shall endeavour to 
appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial institution or independent 
financial adviser. Such independent adviser would be tasked with determining whether a recognised 
successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists (the "Successor Benchmark Rate"). If that is not 
the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark 
Rate"). Such Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate may be subject to the 
application of adjustments or spreads. If the independent adviser determines a Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. Any adjustment pursuant to these fallback provisions will 
apply to the immediately following interest period and any subsequent interest period and may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser cannot determine a 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate following a discontinuation of a relevant 
Benchmark, the last determined rate of the discontinued Benchmark will continue to apply for future 
interest periods of the relevant Notes until a Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
was determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
Under the terms of the BMR, the European Commission has also been granted powers to designate a 
replacement for certain critical Benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
member state (such as the Notes), where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. 
There can be no assurance that the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked or referencing a Benchmark would be transitioned to a 
replacement Benchmark selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what 
any such replacement benchmark would be. 
Currency Risk 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks. 
A change in the value of any currency other than euro against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than euro and the 
euro value of interest and principal payments made in accordance with the terms of such Note. If the 
underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Note and 
the value of interest payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a 
Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and 
Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the 
Terms and Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be 
deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against 
the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to 
claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
No default if payment is rejected by Clearing System 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, a Holder will receive payments due to it only once the Clearing 
System accepts payment to it, will not be entitled to default interest as long as the Clearing System 
rejects (or declares to the Issuer or any Paying Agent that it will reject) payment to it and will not be able 
to declare its Notes due in this scenario.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT DEUTSCHE TELEKOM 
Introduction 
The legal and commercial name of the Company is Deutsche Telekom AG. Deutsche Telekom AG is a 
private stock corporation organised under German law registered with the local court (Amtsgericht) of 
Bonn under the number HRB 6794 in the country of incorporation, the Federal Republic of Germany. 
The registered office is located at Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, 
and its telephone number is +49 (228) 181-0. Deutsche Telekom AG's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 
549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96. 
Deutsche Telekom AG's website can be accessed under www.telekom.com. The content on this website 
is for information purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Corporate Purpose 
According to Article 2 of the Articles of Association (Satzung) of Deutsche Telekom AG its object is 
activity in all areas of telecommunications, information technology, multimedia, information and 
entertainment (including gambling or betting business), security services, sales and brokerage services, 
e-banking, e-money and other payment solutions, collection, factoring and reception and surveillance 
services as well as any services connected with these areas, and also in related areas in Germany and 
abroad. The object of Deutsche Telekom AG's enterprise includes engaging in business in the area of 
venture capital, including the acquisition, holding, management, and sale of venture capital interests, in 
particular but not exclusively, in companies that are involved in the areas stated in the previous 
sentence. Moreover, the object of the enterprise is to engage in the field of reinsurance in connection 
with the areas specified in the first sentence of this paragraph; this activity must not be performed directly 
by the Company itself. 
Deutsche Telekom AG is entitled to enter into all other transactions and take all other measures deemed 
appropriate to serve this object. It may also set up, acquire and participate in other undertakings of the 
same or similar kind in Germany and abroad, as well as run such undertakings or confine itself to the 
administration of its participation. It may spin off its operations wholly or partly to affiliated undertakings, 
provided that applicable legal requirements, such as requisite shareholder resolutions, are satisfied. 
Historical Background 
Historically, the provision of public telecommunications services in Germany was a government 
monopoly as formerly provided by the German Constitution (Grundgesetz). In 1989, Germany began to 
transform the postal and telecommunications services managed by the former monopoly provider 
Deutsche Bundespost into market-oriented fields of business, dividing the former monopoly into three 
separate units corresponding to its branches of business, one of which was Deutsche Bundespost 
Telekom. At the same time, Germany started to liberalise the German telecommunications market. 
Effective as of 1 January 1995, Deutsche Bundespost Telekom was transformed into a German stock 
corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), today's Deutsche Telekom AG. On 18 November 1996, the initial public 
offering took place.  
The operation of telecommunications networks (including cable networks) in Germany for all 
telecommunications services except public voice telephony in fixed networks was opened up to 
competition on 1 August 1996. The complete liberalisation of the telecommunications sector in Germany 
followed as of 1 January 1998. Since then, Deutsche Telekom has been facing intense competition and 
is obliged to grant its competitors access to its domestic network at regulated rates.  
Today, Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications provider offering a comprehensive 
range of modern services for its national and international customers in particular in the areas of 
telecommunications and IT. 
Recent Events 
On 20 March 2025 T-Mobile US reached an agreement in principle to divest its 800 MHz spectrum 
portfolio to purchaser Grain Management, LLC, a private investment firm focused on digital infrastructure 
and solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, T-Mobile would receive in return for its 800 MHz 
spectrum portfolio a combination of cash and all of Grain's 600 MHz spectrum licenses. The deal is

--- Page 19 ---
19 
expected to be finalized by the end of April 2025 and will be subject to regulatory approvals. Closing of 
the proposed transaction will occur at such later date after all required regulatory approvals have been 
received and other closing conditions satisfied. 
On 3 January 2025 Deutsche Telekom AG started a new share buy-back programme with a volume of 
up to EUR 2 billion for 2025. It will be carried out in several tranches through 31 December 2025. 
On 20 December 2024, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement on the acquisition of 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media, a provider of technology solutions for digital-out-of-home 
advertisements, for a purchase price of approximately USD 0.6 billion (EUR 0.6 billion). The purchase 
price is subject to certain agreed-upon working capital and other adjustments. The transaction was 
consummated on 3 February 2025. All necessary regulatory approvals had been duly granted and all 
other closing conditions met. 
On 13 December 2024, T-Mobile US announced a new shareholder return programme of up to 
USD 14 billion for 2025, comprising additional share buy-backs and dividends to be paid out, due to run 
through 31 December 2025. The amount available for share buybacks was reduced by the amount of 
any dividends approved by the Board of Directors of T‑Mobile US. 
On 18 July 2024, T-Mobile US concluded an agreement with KKR & Co. Inc. on the acquisition of 
Metronet and some of its subsidiaries. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals as well as other 
customary closing conditions and is expected to close in 2025. Upon closing, T-Mobile US is expected 
to invest approximately USD 4.9 billion (EUR 4.6 billion) in the joint venture to acquire a 50 per cent. 
equity stake and all existing residential fiber customers.  
On 24 May 2024, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement on the acquisition of UScellular's wireless 
operations and specific spectrum licenses. The purchase price totals around USD 4.4 billion (EUR 4.1 
billion) and comprises a cash component and the transfer of debt of up to USD 2.0 billion (EUR 1.9 
billion). The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals as well as other customary closing conditions 
and is expected to close in mid-2025. 
On 24 April 2024, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement with the investment fund EQT on the 
acquisition of the fiber-to-the-home platform Lumos. The transaction closed on 1 April 2025. T-Mobile 
US invested approximately USD 1.0 billion (EUR 0.9 billion) in the joint venture to acquire a 50 per cent. 
equity stake and all existing fiber customers, with the funds invested by T-Mobile US being used by 
Lumos for future fiber builds. In addition, T‑Mobile US is expected to contribute an additional amount of 
approximately USD 0.5 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) between 2027 and 2028.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Rating  
Deutsche Telekom AG is rated by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")1,2, Moody's Investors Service 
España SA ("Moody's")3,2 and by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"4,2 together with Fitch and 
Moody's, the "Rating Agencies"). 
As of the publication date of this Prospectus, the ratings assigned to Deutsche Telekom AG by the 
Rating Agencies were as follows: 
by Fitch: 
long-term rating: 
BBB+5 / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
F25 
Fitch definesa: 
BBB: 
"BBB" ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or 
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
F2: 
Indicates satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. 
a 
Note: "+"or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote the relative status within major rating 
categories. Such suffixes are not added to the "AAA" category or to categories below 
"CCC". 
by Moody's: 
long-term rating: 
Baa15 / positive 
 
short-term rating: 
P-25 
Moody's definesb: 
Baa1: 
Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risks. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
P-2: 
Issuers have a strong ability to repay short-term obligations. 
b 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aa to Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its 
generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
by S&P: 
long-term rating: 
BBB+5 / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
A-25 
S&P definesc: 
BBB: 
An obligation rated "BBB" exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
A-2: 
A short-term obligation rated "A-2" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
 
1 
Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). 
2 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is 
updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following 
such update. 
3 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
4 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
5  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
obligation is satisfactory. 
c 
Note: Plus (+) or minus (-): The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition 
of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
Group Organisation 
Overview of Business Activities 
Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications company with over 261 million mobile 
customers, more than 25 million fixed-network and more than 22 million broadband customers. 
Deutsche Telekom provides fixed-network/broadband, mobile, Internet, and internet-based television 
products and services for consumers and information and communication technology ("ICT") solutions 
for business and corporate customers. Deutsche Telekom has an international focus and is represented 
in more than 50 countries. With 198,194 employees worldwide (as of 31 December 2024), Deutsche 
Telekom generated EUR 115.8 billion net revenue in 2024, of which 76.3 per cent. is generated outside 
of Germany. 
The mobile communications business offers mobile voice and data services to consumers and business 
customers; in addition, Deutsche Telekom sells mobile devices and other hardware. Deutsche Telekom 
also sells mobile services to resellers and to companies that buy network services and market them to 
third parties (mobile virtual network operators, or "MVNOs"). The fixed-network business includes all 
voice and data communications activities based on fixed-network and broadband technology. This 
includes the sale of terminal equipment and other hardware, as well as the sale of services to resellers. 
Drawing on a global infrastructure of data centres and networks, Deutsche Telekom operates ICT 
systems for multinational corporations and public-sector institutions. 
Deutsche Telekom is divided into the five operating segments Germany, United States, Europe, 
Systems Solutions and Group Development plus the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment. 
The Germany operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile business activities for 
consumers and business customers, as well as wholesale business to provide telecommunications 
services for carriers. Build-out of the mobile and fixed networks is managed by the Technology business 
unit in this segment. 
The United States operating segment combines all mobile activities in the U.S. market. T-Mobile US 
provides service, devices, and accessories across its flagship brands and sells devices to dealers and 
other third-party distributors for resale. It provides wireless communications services through a variety 
of service plan options to U.S. domestic customers, including plans marketed to businesses. T-
Mobile US offers High Speed Internet utilising its nationwide 5G network and also provides products 
that are complementary to its wireless communications services, including device protection. 
The Europe operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile operations of the national 
companies in Greece, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovakia, Austria, North 
Macedonia, and Montenegro. In these countries, Deutsche Telekom is an integrated provider of 
telecommunications services. In Romania, Deutsche Telekom is focused on mobile communications. In 
addition to consumer business, most of Deutsche Telekom's national companies also offer ICT solutions 
for business customers. 
The Systems Solutions operating segment offers ICT services to business customers in Germany, 
Austria and Switzerland under the T-Systems brand and comprises four portfolio areas: Cloud, Digital, 
Security (in close collaboration with Deutsche Telekom Security), and Advisory (together with Detecon 
as advisory partner). In addition, the Road User Services business unit offers road toll systems. 
The Group Development operating segment actively manages entities, subsidiaries, and equity 
investments to grow their value while letting them promote their continued strategic development. The 
investment management group Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners; Comfort Charge, which is a 
provider of e-mobility charging infrastructure; and the Group functions of Mergers & Acquisitions and 
Strategic Portfolio Management are also assigned to Group Development. 
Group Headquarters & Group Services comprises all Group units that cannot be allocated directly to 
one of the operating segments, as well as the Board of Management department Technology and 
Innovation, which unites the cross-segment technology, innovation, IT, and security functions of the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Germany, Europe and Systems Solutions operating segments. As the organisation that sets the 
direction and provides impetus, it defines strategic aims for the Group, ensures they are met, and 
becomes directly involved in selected Group projects. Group Services provides services to the entire 
Group; in addition to typical services provided by Deutsche Telekom Services Europe, such as financial 
accounting, human resources services, and operational procurement, Group Services also includes 
placement services, which are provided by the personnel service provider, Vivento. Vivento is in charge 
of securing external employment opportunities for employees, predominantly in the public sector. 
Further units are Group Supply Services for the real estate management and the strategic procurement, 
and Telekom MobilitySolutions, which is a full-service provider for fleet management and mobility 
services. 
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS 
On 9 March 2023, T-Mobile US entered into a Merger and Unit Purchase agreement for the acquisition 
of 100 per cent. of the outstanding equity of Ka'ena Corporation and its subsidiaries including, among 
others, Mint Mobile, for a maximum purchase price of USD 1.35 billion. The transaction was 
consummated on 1 May 2024. All necessary regulatory approvals had been duly granted and all other 
closing conditions met. Ka’ena is included in Deutsche Telekom’s consolidated financial statements as 
of 1 May 2024. At deal close, T‑Mobile US made an upfront payment of around USD 1.0 billion 
(EUR 0.9 billion), comprising a cash component of around USD 0.4 billion (EUR 0.4 billion) and around 
3 million ordinary shares of T‑Mobile US with a total value of around USD 0.5 billion (EUR 0.5 billion), 
determined on the basis of the closing share price on 30 April 2024. In addition, there is a variable 
earnout payable on 1 August 2026 if Kaʼena achieves specified performance indicators. 
In 2024, T‑Mobile US bought back around 59 million shares with a total volume of USD 11.1 billion 
(EUR 10.3 billion) in several tranches under its share buy-back programme and paid out a cash dividend 
of USD 3.3 billion (EUR 3.1 billion). EUR 1.5 billion of the cash dividend was attributable to Deutsche 
Telekom’s stake and EUR 1.5 billion to non-controlling interests in T‑Mobile US. On 13 December 2024, 
T‑Mobile US announced a new shareholder return programme of up to USD 14 billion for 2025, 
comprising additional share buy-backs and dividends to be paid out, due to run through December 31, 
2025. The amount available for share buybacks was reduced by the amount of any dividends approved 
by the Board of Directors of T‑Mobile US. 
In 2024, Deutsche Telekom sold a portion of its T-Mobile US share portfolio on the market, without 
jeopardising its own majority ownership in T-Mobile US. Deutsche Telekom sold around 23 million 
T‑Mobile US shares with a total volume of EUR 3.6 billion. 
On 7 June 2024, Deutsche Telekom exercised fixed-price options agreed in June 2020 on shares in 
T‑Mobile US held by SoftBank to acquire around 7 million additional T‑Mobile US shares for a total 
purchase price of USD 0.7 billion (EUR 0.6 billion). The fixed exercise price originally agreed of USD 
101.46 per share was adjusted to USD 99.51 to account for the dividend payments made by T‑Mobile 
US. The agreement allowed Deutsche Telekom to acquire the shares at a discount of around 45 per 
cent. compared to the closing share price on the exercise date of USD 179.82. Upon completion of the 
transaction, Deutsche Telekom had exercised all fixed-price options received from SoftBank. The 
remaining floating options were not exercised and expired in the second quarter of 2024. 
In 2024, Deutsche Telekom AG bought back in several tranches around 81 million shares with a total 
volume of EUR 2.0 billion under its 2024 share-back programme. The 2024 share buy-back programme 
was completed on December 18, 2024. Deutsche Telekom AG started a new share buy-back 
programme of up to EUR 2 billion for 2025. The buy-back commenced on 3 January 2025 and will be 
carried out in several tranches through December 31, 2025. 
On 24 April 2024, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement with the investment fund EQT on the 
acquisition of the fiber-to-the-home platform Lumos. The transaction closed on 1 April 2025. T-
Mobile US invested approximately USD 1.0 billion (EUR 0.9 billion) in the joint venture to acquire a 50 
per cent. equity stake and all existing fiber customers, with the funds invested by T-Mobile US being 
used by Lumos for future fiber builds. In addition, T‑Mobile US is expected to contribute an additional 
amount of approximately USD 0.5 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) between 2027 and 2028. 
On 24 May 2024, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement on the acquisition of UScellular's wireless 
operations and specific spectrum licenses. The purchase price totals around USD 4.4 billion (EUR 4.2 
billion) and comprises a cash component and the transfer of debt of up to USD 2.0 billion 
(EUR 1.9 billion). The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals as well as other customary closing

--- Page 23 ---
23 
conditions and is expected to close in mid-2025. 
On 18 July 2024 T-Mobile US concluded an agreement with KKR & Co. Inc. on the acquisition of fiber-
to-home platform Metronet and some of its subsidiaries. The transaction is subject to regulatory 
approvals as well as other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in 2025. Upon closing, 
T-Mobile US is expected to invest approximately USD 4.9 billion (EUR 4.7 billion) in the joint venture to 
acquire a 50 per cent. equity stake and all existing residential fiber customers, as well as to fund the 
joint venture. 
On 20 December 2024, T‑Mobile US entered into an agreement on the acquisition of 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding capital stock of Vistar Media, a provider of technology solutions for digital-out-of-home 
advertisements, for a purchase price of approximately USD 0.6 billion (EUR 0.6 billion). The purchase 
price is subject to certain agreed-upon working capital and other adjustments. The transaction was 
consummated on 3 February 2025. All necessary regulatory approvals had been duly granted and all 
other closing conditions met. 
INVESTMENTS IN NETWORK AND SPECTRUM 
On 1 July 2020, T-Mobile US and DISH Network Corporation ("DISH") reached an agreement on the 
sale of spectrum licenses, under which DISH agreed to purchase certain 800 MHz spectrum licenses 
from T-Mobile US for USD 3.6 billion (EUR 3.2 billion). On 15 October 2023, T-Mobile US and DISH 
modified the agreement to include, among other changes, a non-refundable extension fee of USD 0.1 
billion (EUR 0.1 billion) which DISH will pay to T-Mobile US, as well as the requirement that the purchase 
of the spectrum licenses must be finalized by 1 April 2024. DISH did not exercise its purchase option by 
1 April 2024. The extension fee already paid on 25 October 2023 was retained in accordance with the 
agreement. T-Mobile US was contractually obligated to offer the licenses for sale at auction. The 
associated auction process ended on 1 October 2024. Since bidding did not reach the defined minimum 
purchase price of USD 3.6 billion by the end of the auction, T-Mobile US was relieved of its obligation 
to sell the licenses. On 20 March 2025 T-Mobile US reached an agreement in principle to divest its 800 
MHz spectrum portfolio to purchaser Grain Management, LLC, a private investment firm focused on 
digital infrastructure and solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, T-Mobile would receive in return 
for its 800 MHz spectrum portfolio a combination of cash and all of Grain’s 600 MHz spectrum licenses. 
The deal is expected to be finalized by the end of April 2025 and will be subject to regulatory approvals. 
Closing of the proposed transaction will occur at such later date after all required regulatory approvals 
have been received and other closing conditions satisfied. 
On 10 September 2024, T‑Mobile US and N77 License (N77) entered into an agreement on the sale of 
spectrum licenses, pursuant to which N77 has the option to purchase all or a portion of T‑Mobile US’ 
remaining 3.45 GHz licenses for a range of cash consideration. The number of licenses sold will be 
determined based upon the amount of committed financing raised by N77. As at 31 December 2024, 
the licenses concerned had a carrying amount of USD 2.7 billion (EUR 2.6 billion). The transaction is 
subject to approval by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"). 
On 8 August 2022, T-Mobile US entered into agreements with Channel 51 License and LB License for 
the acquisition of spectrum licenses in the 600 MHz band in exchange for total cash consideration of 
USD 3.5 billion (EUR 3.4 billion). On 30 March 2023, the contractual parties further agreed that the 
transaction be divided into two separate tranches. The transfer of the remaining licences in accordance 
with the agreements is subject to regulatory approvals and certain other customary closing conditions. 
The FCC approved the first tranche of the licence transfer on 29 December 2023. The first tranche was 
concluded on 24 June 2024. The corresponding purchase price payment of USD 2.4 billion (EUR 2.2 
billion) was made on 5 August 2024. On 22 October 2024, the FCC approved the transfer of certain 
licenses from the second tranche. These licenses were transferred and the associated purchase price 
of USD 0.5 billion (EUR 0.5 billion) was paid on 6 December 2024. The transfer transaction for the 
remaining licenses from the second tranche is expected to be closed in 2025. 
On 12 September 2023, T-Mobile US agreed with U.S. cable network operator Comcast to acquire 
spectrum in the 600 MHz band in exchange for total cash consideration of between USD 1.2 billion and 
USD 3.3 billion (EUR 1.2 billion and EUR 3.2 billion). The final purchase price will be determined at the 
time the parties make the required transfer filings with the FCC. At the same time, T‑Mobile US and 
Comcast have concluded exclusive leasing arrangements. The transaction is expected to be closed in 
the first half of 2028. On 13 January 2025, T‑Mobile US and Comcast entered into an amendment to 
the license purchase agreement pursuant to which T‑Mobile US will acquire additional spectrum. As a

--- Page 24 ---
24 
consequence of the change agreement, the total cash consideration amounts to between USD 1.2 billion 
and USD 3.4 billion (EUR 1.2 billion and EUR 3.3 billion). 
In Germany, after a multi-year consultation process, the Federal Network Agency (Bundesnetzagentur) 
has confirmed plans to extend the frequency usage rights for the 800MHz, 1,800MHz, and 2,600MHz 
bands for a transitional period of five years, from end 2025 to 2030. The terms include expiring licences 
being extended for around EUR 0.6 billion, accompanied by network coverage obligations. This includes 
the need to provide 50Mbps connectivity for 99.5 per cent. of Germany. O2 remains liable for the 
subleasing of its 2.6Ghz spectrum to 1&1 and operators will be required to negotiate with 1&1 regarding 
the shared use of the crucial below 1GHz spectrum, however, the above spectrum extension is not 
contingent on this being achieved. If operators fail to agree below 1Ghz sub-leasing terms with 1&1 by 
January 2026, the Federal Network Agency can investigate, and potentially even enforce such an 
outcome. 
In 2024, spectrum in the 26 GHz band and residual spectrum in the 3.4 to 3.8 GHz band were auctioned 
off in Austria. In the 26 GHz band, T‑Mobile Austria secured 400 MHz of nationwide spectrum for itself, 
and in the 3.4 to 3.8 GHz band, 40 MHz in Vienna and 60 MHz in Carinthia, for EUR 10.5 million in total. 
In the United States, the spectrum in the 2.5 GHz band acquired in Auction 108 in September 2022 for 
around USD 0.3 billion (EUR 0.3 billion) was allocated. The majority of this spectrum was connected 
immediately. In the Czech Republic, the 900/1,800 MHz GSM license expiring in 2024 was extended at 
a cost of around EUR 28 million for T‑Mobile Czech Republic. In Slovakia, the usage rights for spectrum 
in the 900 MHz band were extended by another 3 years for EUR 4.3 million. 
In March 2025 the auction for 700 MHz and 800 MHz bands was completed in Poland. T-Mobile Poland 
has won spectrum in both bands for a total consideration of around PLN 782 million (EUR 186 million). 
If necessary, the procedure o award the 26 GHz band could also begin. 
Proceedings to re-award spectrum in the 2,600 MHz band expiring at the end of 2026 and spectrum in 
the 2,300 MHz band are starting in Austria. In Slovakia, auctions for the 800, 900, 1,500, 2,100, and 
2,600 MHz bands expiring in 2025, 2026 and 2028 are under discussion. 
REGULATION AND MAJOR REGULATORY DECISIONS 
The business activities of Deutsche Telekom are largely subject to national, European, and U.S. 
regulation, which is associated with extensive powers to intervene in its product design and pricing, 
particularly in Europe. Deutsche Telekom was still subject to extensive regulation in its mobile and fixed-
network businesses in 2024. 
Telekom Deutschland and EWE founded the joint venture Glasfaser NordWest in 2020. The aim of the 
joint venture is to provide up to 1.5 million households and business locations with fast internet. On 
22 September 2021, Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court overturned the approval granted by the Federal 
Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) under merger control law. The Federal Cartel Office, EWE, and 
Telekom Deutschland have each lodged a complaint against the decision of the Düsseldorf Higher 
Regional Court to not allow an appeal. On 25 February 2025, the Federal Court of Justice lifted the 
previous decision of the Higher Regional Court and decided to refer the case back to the Düsseldorf 
Higher Regional Court for a new review. The Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court must now make a new 
decision taking into account the legal opinion of the Federal Court of Justice. If the new Düsseldorf 
Higher Regional Court's decision still overturns the approval granted by the Federal Cartel Office and a 
complaint or appeal against this decision is not successful, the case will be referred back to the Federal 
Cartel Office for a new decision on approval and any further conditions. The joint venture can continue 
building out FTTH until the Federal Cartel Office decides otherwise. 
On 21 February 2024, the European Commission published a white paper entitled “How to master 
Europe’s digital infrastructure needs?” This white paper compiles proposals for measures by the 
European Union in preparation for a planned Digital Networks Act. Deutsche Telekom submitted its view 
on the proposals on 28 June 2024, during the open consultation process. Legislative initiatives, like the 
Digital Networks Act, based on the white paper and the responses to the public consultation are 
expected at the end of 2025. The white paper identifies future action areas as the build-out of digital 
networks of the future, managing the transition to new technologies and business models, covering the 
future need for connectivity, and the safeguarding of economic competitiveness and of secure, resilient 
infrastructure in the EU. As a result, a far-reaching revision of the current regulatory framework is 
expected.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
On 17 July 2024, the Bundesnetzagentur published the approval on the regulated charges for access 
to civil engineering infrastructure. The charges apply until 31 December 2025. In the parallel 
Bundesnetzagentur regulatory procedure concerning the related reference offer, the first partial decision 
was issued on 14 November 2024. However, the overall procedure is not expected to be finally 
concluded before the second quarter of 2025. 
DEVELOPMENT OF DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S BUSINESS 
Potential investors should read the following discussion in conjunction with Deutsche Telekom's annual 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 
31 December 2023, including the notes to those consolidated financial statements, which are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements 
prepared in accordance with the IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS 
Accounting Standards") are dependent upon and sensitive to accounting methods, assumptions and 
estimates that Deutsche Telekom uses as bases for the preparation of its consolidated financial 
statements. The strategies and expectations referred to in the following discussions are considered 
forward-looking statements and may be strongly influenced or changed by shifts in market conditions, 
new initiatives Deutsche Telekom implements and other factors. Deutsche Telekom cannot provide 
assurance that the strategies and expectations referred to in these discussions will come to fruition. 
In order to set and achieve its strategic goals more effectively, Deutsche Telekom pursues a Group-
wide, value-oriented performance management approach. The structure and content of the financial 
figures in this Prospectus follow this internal management approach of Deutsche Telekom where 
applicable. 
The sections "Development of Deutsche Telekom's Business", "Financial Information concerning 
Deutsche Telekom's Assets and Liabilities" and "Financial Position and Profits and Losses" contain so-
called alternative performance measures, such as EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL margin, special factors, Free 
Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment), Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend 
payments and spectrum investment), Cash Capex and Net debt. For further information also see section 
"Alternative Performance Measures (APM)". 
Selected Consolidated Income Statement Data and related alternative performance measures of 
Deutsche Telekom 
The sale of the GD Towers business entity was consummated on 1 February 2023, and GD Towers has 
not been part of the Group since that date. The comparable financial performance indicators for 2023 
set out below contain the value contributions of GD Towers up to the end of January 2023 in accordance 
with the management approach of Deutsche Telekom. In the management approach, Deutsche 
Telekom presents the results of the GD Towers business together with results from continuing 
operations. The management approach figures are alternative performance measures which are non-
GAAP figures not governed by IFRS Accounting Standards. They should not be viewed in isolation as 
an alternative to profit or loss from operations, net profit or loss, net cash from operating activities, the 
liabilities reported in the consolidated statement of financial position, or other Deutsche Telekom key 
performance indicators presented in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
The gain on deconsolidation in the 2023 financial year resulting from the sale of GD Towers amounted 
to EUR 12.9 billion and is included in EBITDA and the associated performance indicators. In the 
consolidated income statement, the amount is recognized under profit/loss from discontinued operation 
as other operating income.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
The following table presents information concerning Deutsche Telekom's consolidated income 
statements for the periods indicated. 
In millions of EUR 
2024 
Consolidated income 
statement (according 
to IFRS Accounting 
Standards) 
 
2023 
Consolidated income 
statement (according 
to IFRS Accounting 
Standards) 
2023 
Result 
from 
discontinued 
operation (according 
to IFRS Accounting 
Standards) 
2023 
Consolidated income 
statement 
(management 
approach)d 
Net revenue 
115,769 
 
111,970 
15 
111,985 
EBITDA 
50,304 
 
44,772 
13,004 
57,777 
Depreciation 
of 
right-of-use 
assets a,b 
(4,703) 
 
(4,810) 
0 
(4,810) 
Interest 
expenses 
on 
recognised lease liabilities a,b 
(1,787) 
 
(1,801) 
(5) 
(1,806) 
EBITDA ALc 
43,815 
 
38,161 
12,999 
51,160 
Special 
factors 
affecting 
EBITDA AL c 
794 
 
(2,264) 
12,927 
10,663 
EBITDA AL 
(adjusted 
for 
special factors) c 
43,021 
 
40,424 
73 
40,497 
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment losses 
(24,027) 
 
(23,975) 
0 
(23,975) 
Profit (loss) from operations 
(EBIT) 
26,277 
 
20,789 
13,004 
33,802 
Profit (loss) from financial 
activities 
(3,319) 
 
(8,829) 
(16) 
(8,845) 
Profit before income taxes 
22,958 
 
11,968 
12,989 
24,957 
Profit (loss) after taxes from 
continuing operations 
17,657 
 
8,296 
n.a. 
8,296 
Profit (loss) after taxes from 
discontinued operation 
0 
 
13,696 
n.a. 
13,696 
Profit (loss) 
17,657 
 
21,992 
n.a. 
21,992 
Owners of the parent (net profit 
(loss)) 
11,209 
 
17,788 
n.a. 
17,788 
Non-controlling interests 
6,448 
 
4,204 
n.a. 
4,204 
a 
This is a line item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
b 
Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
c 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
d 
Deutsche Telekom uses the management approach in this presentation, i.e., the results of operations include the value of contributions 
from GD Towers up to and including January 2023. 
 
Results of Operations of the Group 
Net Revenue 
Deutsche Telekom generated net revenue of EUR 115.8 billion in 2024, which was 3.4 per cent. or 
EUR 3.8 billion up on the 2023 level. In organic terms net revenue increased by 3.3 per cent. against 
the 2023 level, with the changes in the composition of the Group having the net increasing effect of 
EUR 0.2 billion. 
In the United States operating segment, net revenue increased by 3.6 per cent. compared to the 2023 
level, due in part to exchange rate effects. In organic terms, net revenue in the United States increased 
by 3.3 per cent. Net revenue in the German domestic market was up on the 2023 level, increasing by 
2.1 per cent. This was mainly driven by growth in service revenues in the fixed-network core business, 
mainly due to broadband and IT business, and in mobile communications. In the Europe operating 
segment, net revenue increased by 4.7 per cent. in 2024 compared with 2023. In organic terms, net 
revenue increased by 5.2 per cent., primarily attributable to the increase in service revenues in the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
mobile and fixed-network business. Contract customer additions also had positive effects on terminal 
equipment revenues. Net revenue in the Systems Solutions operating segment was up 3.7 per cent. in 
2024 compared with 2023, mainly due to growth in the Digital, Cloud and Road Charging areas.  
Contribution of the segments to net revenue 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
Change 
Change per cent. 
NET REVENUE 
115,769 
111,985 
3,784 
3.4 
Germany 
25,711 
25,187 
524 
2.1 
United States 
75,046 
72,436 
2,611 
3.6 
Europe 
12,347 
11,790 
557 
4.7 
Systems Solutions 
4,004 
3,896 
108 
2.8 
Group Development 
10 
115 
(106) 
(91.8) 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
2,226 
2,305 
(79) 
(3.4) 
Intersegment revenue 
(3,575) 
(3,744) 
169 
4.5 
At 64.8 per cent, the United States operating segment provided by far the largest contribution to net 
revenue of the Group in 2024, up 0.1 per cent. against the level in 2023. The proportion of net revenue 
generated internationally decreased from 77.0 per cent. to 76.3 per cent. 
Adjusted EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL 
Adjusted EBITDA AL increased by EUR 2.5 billion or 6.2 per cent. to EUR 43.0 billion in 2024 compared 
with 2023. In organic terms, adjusted EBITDA AL increased by 6.0 per cent. and with changes in the 
composition of the Group having a net increasing effect of EUR 0.1 billion. Adjusted core EBITDA AL, 
i.e., adjusted EBITDA AL excluding revenue from terminal equipment leases in the United States, 
increased by EUR 2.7 billion or 6.8 per cent. to EUR 42.9 billion. 
The Germany operating segment contributed to the increase thanks to high-value revenue growth and 
improved cost efficiency with 2.7 per cent. higher adjusted EBITDA AL. Adjusted EBITDA AL in the 
United States operating segment increased by 8.1 per cent. In organic terms, adjusted EBITDA AL grew 
by 7.4 per cent. in 2024 compared with 2023, mainly due to higher service revenues, slightly higher 
terminal equipment revenues, and lower costs. Adjusted core EBITDA AL at T-Mobile US increased by 
EUR 2.3 billion or 8.9 per cent. to EUR 28.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA AL in the Europe operating 
segment increased by 7.7 per cent. In organic terms, it increased by 8.1 per cent, with a positive net 
margin sufficient to more than offset the higher indirect costs. In the Systems Solutions operating 
segment, adjusted EBITDA AL increased by 14.8 per cent., mainly due to revenue growth in the Cloud 
and Digital areas. 
EBITDA AL decreased significantly by EUR 7.3 billion to EUR 43.8 billion in 2024 compared with 2023, 
with special factors EBITDA AL decreasing by EUR 9.9 billion to EUR 0.8 billion. In 2023 net income of 
EUR 12.2 billion was recorded as special factors under effects of deconsolidations, disposals, and 
acquisitions; EUR 12.9 billion of this related to the deconsolidation of GD Towers, which was partially 
offset by expenses of EUR 1.0 billion primarily in connection with integration costs incurred as a result 
of the business combination of T‑Mobile US and Sprint. In 2023 net expenses of EUR 0.7 billion were 
recorded under effects of deconsolidations, disposals, and acquisitions. This included the expenses 
from the forgone contingent consideration receivable from IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, as well as 
additional integration expenses, offset by the extension fees received from DISH for the options to buy 
mobile spectrum in the United States operating segment, which have now expired. The integration of 
Sprint was largely completed by the end of the second quarter of 2024. Expenses incurred in connection 
with staff restructuring totalled EUR 1.0 billion, compared with EUR 1.5 billion in 2023. The 2023 figure 
included expenses of EUR 0.4 billion in connection with a programme to reduce the workforce in the 
United States operating segment. Reversals of impairment losses recorded as special factors of EUR 
2.6 billion resulted from the reversal in full of impairment losses recognized in prior years on FCC 
licenses at T‑Mobile US.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Contribution of the segments to adjusted Group EBITDA AL 
 
2024 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group EBITDA 
AL per cent.c 
2023 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group EBITDA 
AL per cent.c 
Change 
millions of 
EUR 
Change 
per cent. 
EBITDA AL (ADJUSTED 
FOR SPECIAL FACTORS) IN 
THE GROUP c 
43,021 
100.0 
40,497 
100.0 
2,524 
6.2 
Germany 
10,516 
24.4 
10,238 
25.3 
278 
2.7 
United States 
28,545 
66.4 
26,409 
65.2 
2,136 
8.1 
Europe 
4,431 
10.3 
4,114 
10.2 
317 
7.7 
Systems Solutions 
369 
0.9 
321 
0.8 
48 
14.8 
Group Development 
(32) 
(0.1) 
45 
0.1 
(77) 
n.a. 
Group Headquarters & Group 
Services 
(801) 
(1.9) 
(609) 
(1.5) 
(193) 
(31.6) 
Reconciliation 
(6) 
(0.0) 
(22) 
(0.1) 
15 
70.1 
c 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
EBIT 
Group EBIT in 2024 decreased to EUR 26.3 billion, down EUR 7.5 billion against 2023. This decrease 
is due in particular to the deconsolidation gain from the sale of GD Towers in 2023. 
At EUR 24.0 billion, depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses on intangible assets, property, 
plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets were EUR 0.1 billion higher in 2024 than in 2023, primary 
in the Germany operation segment. Impairment losses amounted to EUR 0.1 billion in 2024 and mainly 
related to non-current assets in the Europe operating segment. These related to the Romania cash-
generating unit, which operates in the structurally challenging and highly competitive Romanian market. 
The impairment losses recognized in 2023 amounted to EUR 0.2 billion and related mainly to assets in 
the Systems Solutions operating segment and the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment. 
Profit before income taxes 
Profit before income taxes increased by EUR 11.0 billion (according to the management approach it 
decreased by EUR 2.0 billion) to EUR 23.0 billion. The loss from financial activities decreased from EUR 
8.8 billion in 2023 to EUR 3.3 billion in 2024, mainly due to the EUR 5.3 billion increase in the share of 
profit of associates and joint ventures included in the consolidated financial statements using the equity 
method to EUR 2.5 billion. This was mainly attributable to reversals of impairment losses in 2024 of 
EUR 2.1 billion and EUR 0.3 billion, respectively, on the carrying amounts of the investments in GD 
Towers and in GlasfaserPlus. These reversals of impairment losses were, at GD Towers, due to lower 
discount rates and improved planning, and at GlasfaserPlus, almost entirely due to lower discount rates. 
In 2023, by contrast, impairment losses of EUR 2.6 billion and EUR 0.1 billion, respectively, were 
recognized on the carrying amounts of the investments in GD Towers and in GlasfaserPlus. Other 
financial expense improved by EUR 0.2 billion to EUR -0.2 billion in particular in connection with the 
interest component from the measurement of provisions and liabilities. This improvement was partly 
attributable to the subsequent measurement using actuarial principles of the present value of the 
provision recognized for the Civil Service Health Insurance Fund (Postbeamtenkrankenkasse – 
PBeaKK). By contrast, gains/losses from financial instruments decreased by EUR 0.2 billion. Finance 
costs remained stable at EUR 5.7 billion. 
Net profit/loss 
In 2024 net profit decreased by EUR 6.6 billion to EUR 11.2 billion. This was primarily due to the 
deconsolidation gain from the sale of GD Towers in 2023. Tax expenses increased by EUR 1.6 billion 
to EUR 5.3 billion. In 2023, the tax rate was significantly reduced by the realisation of non-taxable income

--- Page 29 ---
29 
from the sale of GD Towers and by deferred tax effects arising from the sale-and-leaseback transaction 
concluded in this context. In addition, the tax rate was increased by impairment losses on GD Towers 
in 2023 not to be considered for tax purposes, and reduced by the reversal of impairment losses in 2024. 
Profit attributable to non-controlling interests increased by EUR 2.2 billion to EUR 6.4 billion. This 
increase was primarily attributable to the United States operating segment Net profit adjusted for special 
factors amounted to EUR 9.4 billion, compared with EUR 7.9 billion in 2023. 
Selected consolidated statement of financial position data 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2024 
Change 
31 Dec. 2023 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
CURRENT ASSETS 
37,161 
798 
36,363 
OF WHICH: Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
256 
45 
211 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
267,773 
13,831 
253,942 
TOTAL ASSETS 
304,934 
14,629 
290,305 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
 
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
35,182 
(883) 
36,065 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
171,111 
8,108 
163,003 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
98,640 
7,403 
91,237 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
304,934 
14,629 
290,305 
Financial liabilities of the Group 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2024 
 
Total 
Due within 
≤ 1 year 
Due 
>1 year 
≤ 5 years 
Due 
> 5 years 
Bonds and other securitised liabilities 
94,678 
4,203 
32,405 
58,070 
Asset-backed securities collateralized by trade 
receivables 
1,506 
548 
958 
0 
Liabilities to banks 
2,284 
172 
1,935 
177 
Total 
98,468 
4,923 
35,298 
58,247 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities with the right of creditors to priority repayment 
in the event of default 
1,311 
480 
831 
0 
Other interest-bearing liabilities 
6,430 
1,186 
2,643 
2,601 
Liabilities from deferred interest 
1,158 
1,158 
0 
0

--- Page 30 ---
30 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2024 
 
Total 
Due within 
≤ 1 year 
Due 
>1 year 
≤ 5 years 
Due 
> 5 years 
Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 
2,138 
1,970 
113 
55 
Derivative financial liabilities 
2,687 
135 
460 
2,092 
Total 
13,723 
4,929 
4,046 
4,748 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
112,191 
9,852 
39,344 
62,995 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
40,248 
5,674 
18,036 
16,538 
 
Net debt (calculated as the Group's gross debt (sum of financial liabilities and lease liabilities minus 
accrued interest and miscellaneous other financial liabilities) minus certain financial assets (cash and 
cash equivalents, derivative financial assets and other financial assets)) increased by EUR 5.0 billion to 
EUR 137.3 billion, mainly due to the share buy-back programme of T‑Mobile US (EUR 10.4 billion) 
exchange effects of EUR 6.2 billion and dividend payments including non-controlling interests of EUR 
5.6 billion. Other effects increasing net debt were the addition to lease liabilities and right-of-use assets 
(EUR 3.8 billion), spectrum acquisition (EUR 3.2 billion), Deutsche Telekom AG’s share buy-back 
programme (EUR 2.0 billion), corporate transactions (EUR 0.9 billion) and other effects (EUR 0.6 billion). 
By contrast, the strong increase in free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) 
of EUR 24.1 billion and the sale of T-Mobile US shares by Deutsche Telekom (EUR 3.6 billion) had a 
decreasing effect on net debt. 
Off-balance-sheet financial instruments mainly relate to the sale of receivables by means of factoring. 
Total receivables sold as of 31 December 2024 amounted to EUR 2.0 billion (31 December 2023: 
EUR 2.7 billion). At the end of 2024, this solely related to factoring agreements in the United States 
operating segment. The agreements are used in particular for active receivables management. 
Selected condensed consolidated statement of cashflows data and related alternative 
performance measures  
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  
39,874 
37,298 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
0 
80 
Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum investment) 
and property, plant and equipment (CASH CAPEX)e 
(15,962) 
(16,591) 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipmente 
190 
205 
FREE CASH FLOW (BEFORE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS AND SPECTRUM INVEST)e 
24,102 
20,912 
Principal portion of repayment of lease liabilitiesb,e 
(4,946) 
(4,770) 
FREE CASH FLOW AL (BEFORE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS AND SPECTRUM INVEST)e 
19,156 
16,141

--- Page 31 ---
31 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
(18,900) 
(10,213) 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
(0) 
(17) 
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
(20,282) 
(25,534) 
OF WHICH: FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
(0) 
(74) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
506 
(68) 
Changes in cash and cash equivalents associated with non-current assets and disposal groups held 
for sale 
0 
25 
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
1,198 
1,507 
 
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
8,472 
7,274 
b 
Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
e 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows of Deutsche Telekom. 
 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) increased from EUR 16.1 billion 
in 2023 to EUR 19.2 billion in 2024. 
Net cash from operating activities increased by EUR 2.6 billion to EUR 39.9 billion. In addition to strong 
development of the operating business, lower cash outflows in connection with the integration of Sprint 
in the United States also had an increasing effect. An increase of EUR 0.2 billion in cash outflows – in 
particular in the Germany and United States operating segments – for the repayment of lease liabilities 
reduced free cash flow AL. 
Cash capex (before spectrum investment) decreased by EUR 0.6 billion to EUR 16.0 billion. Cash capex 
in the United States operating segment decreased by EUR 0.8 billion to EUR 8.2 billion, mainly as a 
result of higher cash outflows in 2023 for the accelerated build-out of the 5G network. In the Germany 
operating segment, capital expenditure totalled around EUR 4.8 billion in 2024, EUR 0.2 billion more 
than in 2023, with much of this figure going towards the fiber-optic build-out. In the Europe operating 
segment, cash capex stood at EUR 1.9 billion, which was up EUR 0.1 billion against the 2023 level. 
Deutsche Telekom continues to invest here in the provision of broadband and fiber-optic technology and 
in 5G as part of Deutsche Telekom’s integrated network strategy. In the Systems Solutions operating 
segment, the capital expenditure stood at the 2023 level of EUR 0.2 billion. 
Outlook  
Market Expectations 
Macroeconomic development 
In its economic forecast from January 2025, the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") predicts global 
economic growth of 3.3 % both in 2025 and in 2026. This is below the historical average of 3.7 % 
between 2000 and 2019. Strong domestic demand is driving growth in the United States, while in 
Europe rising energy prices, weak industrial activity, and low confidence among consumers and 
businesses is weighing on economic outlook. 
GERMANY 
Revenues increased in the German market for telecommunications services in 2024. According to a 
forecast by the consulting firm Analysys Mason, revenues are expected to continue growing in 2025. 
Demand for mobile and fixed-network communications is expected to remain stable in an environment 
with a moderate economic growth outlook. Declines in revenue due to sustained intense price 
competition and the decline in traditional fixed-network telephony will be more than offset by growing 
demand for mobile internet and fast connectivity in the consumer and business customer area. In the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
mobile market, revenues are expected to increase by 1.4 per cent. in 2025. In the fixed-network market, 
the number of broadband lines will continue to rise; revenues are expected to increase by 2.4 per cent. 
UNITED STATES 
The greater ICT sector in the United States is considered to be the backbone of the country’s economy 
and sees steady and significant R&D investment from major market players. ICT underpins the 
operations of all enterprises, public safety groups, and the government. Overall, the ICT market 
remains highly competitive, marked by low market concentration.  
According to GSMA overall mobile revenues are expected to increase annually with continued 
subscriber growth, data consumption increases, and growth in the device market. GSMA forecasts 
monthly data usage per smartphone at 66 GB in 2029. While data usage per user is expected to 
increase, the growth rate of that usage is expected to taper steadily. Leading industry associations 
such as GSMA expect the United States to continue to lead global migration to 5G. 5G subscription 
uptake in North America continues. Likewise, this uptake in North America is expected to be at a 
globally-leading 412 million total connections by 2030. 
More mid-band spectrum has allowed for higher quality multi-band 5G. In 2024 Fixed Wireless Access 
(FWA) for home and enterprise is the main tech behind fixed broadband growth. GSMA expects over 
half of all mobile connections running on 5G networks by 2029, and Ericsson forecasts 5G overtaking 
4G globally in 2027, with 71 per cent. of all subscriptions on 5G already in North America by the end 
of 2024. 
In fixed-network services, fiber-to-the-home (FTTH) continued to expand in 2024. According to the 
Fiber Broadband Association (FBA) 2024 set records for fiber deployments in the United States: with 
10.3 million new homes passed with fiber, with 76.5 million total fiber-accessible homes. 
EUROPE 
Economic activity saw a gradual recovery in the countries of our Europe operating segment in 2024. It 
is assumed that the European economy will continue to brighten overall in 2025 too, supported by 
several factors, including moderate inflation of around 2 per cent. according to the European Central 
Bank’s forecast. Analysys Mason expects total revenue for telecommunications services to grow 
slightly for the countries of our operating segment in 2025 and 2026. Demand for mobile services with 
corresponding revenues is expected to increase slightly in 2025 and 2026. In the fixed network, 
customer demand for a fast, reliable broadband connection will remain a key growth driver over the 
next two years, with forecast growth of around 3 per cent. The trend towards increased data usage 
continues unabated, especially in households that have not previously had sufficiently fast broadband 
lines. In many Central and Eastern European countries, there is still the possibility of increasing 
broadband network coverage, especially in our national companies, being previously pure wireless 
providers. Demand for AI-powered solutions that enhance productivity, improve personalization, and 
support decision-making is likely to grow further, particularly in the business customer segment. As a 
result, companies of all sizes are taking robust measures to ensure cybersecurity and data protection, 
to improve their competitiveness on the market, and to strengthen their strategic independence. 
SYSTEMS SOLUTIONS 
Overall, Deutsche Telekom expects growth rates in the IT market to remain fairly constant in the coming 
years, while pressure from innovations, costs, and intense competition is likely to persist. Nevertheless, 
Deutsche Telekom expects ongoing digitalization to drive further growth in demand for solutions from 
the areas of cloud services, big data, and automation of business processes using artificial intelligence 
(AI), as well as IT security (cybersecurity). 
At the same time, this market is undergoing a radical transformation, e.g., due to ongoing 
standardization and automation, demand for smart services, and the changes being wrought by cloud 
services in outsourcing business. Further challenges have arisen in the shape of digitalization, the 
growing importance of cybersecurity, and AI. Traditional IT business will continue to decline, while 
cloud services and cybersecurity may achieve double-digit growth rates.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES, EMPLOYEES 
The Board of Management 
The Board of Management responsibilities were distributed across eight Board departments. Four of 
these are the central management areas: 
– Chairman of the Board of Management 
and the Board departments 
– Finance 
– Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
– Technology and Innovation 
In addition, there are four segment-based Board departments:  
– Germany 
– Europe  
– T-Systems 
– USA and Group development 
Composition of the Board of Management 
Members of the Board of 
Management 
Department 
Principal outside functions 
Timotheus Höttges 
Chairman of the Board of Management 
Member of Supervisory Boards of Mercedes-Benz 
Group AG, Stuttgart and Mercedes Benz AG, 
Stuttgart 
Dr. Ferri Abolhassan Pur-
Moghaddam 
T-Systems 
Member of Supervisory Board of Deutsches 
Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz 
(DFKI), Kaiserslautern 
Birgit Bohle 
Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
Member of Supervisory Board of Vonovia SE, 
Bochum 
Rodrigo Diehl 
Germany 
none 
Dr. Christian P. Illek 
Finance 
none 
Thorsten Langheim 
USA and Group Development 
Member of the Supervisory Board of FC Bayern 
München AG, Munich 
Dominique Leroy 
Europe 
Member of the Board of Directors of Compagnie de 
Saint-Gobain, Courbevoie, France 
Claudia Nemat 
Technology and Innovation 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Airbus 
Defence and Space GmbH, Ottobrunn and member 
of the Board of Directors of Airbus Group SE, 
Leiden, Netherlands, Member of the Board of 
Directors of ABB Ltd., Zurich, Switzerland 
 
The Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board advises the Board of Management and oversees its management of business. 
In accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the German Co-
Determination Act of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), Deutsche Telekom AG's Supervisory Board 
consists of twenty members, ten of whom represent its shareholders and ten of whom represent its 
employees. Members of the Supervisory Board may be elected for a term of up to five years and re-
election is permitted. The Chairman and the Deputy Chairman are elected by the Supervisory Board

--- Page 34 ---
34 
in accordance with the rules of the German Co-Determination Act. 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG and their principal 
occupations are listed below: 
Shareholder representatives 
Dr. Frank Appel, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, former Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Post 
AG, Bonn and member of the Supervisory Boards of Fresenius Management SE, Bad Homburg, and 
RWE AG, Essen 
Lars Hinrichs, Managing Director of Cinco Capital GmbH, Hamburg and of Digital Art Museum GmbH, 
Hamburg, Managing Director of HackFwd Admin GmbH, Hamburg; Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Xempus AG, Munich; member of the Board of Directors of Target Global 
Acquisition I Corp., Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; member of the Board of Directors of Simsalasim, 
Inc., New York, USA. His term as court-appointed member expires at the end of the Annual General 
Meeting to be held on 9 April 2025.  
Dr. Helga Jung, former member of the Board of Management of Allianz SE, Munich, member of the 
Supervisory Boards of Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG, Stuttgart, and Deputy Chairwoman of the 
Supervisory Board of Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty SE, Munich. Her term as court-appointed 
member expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 9 April 2025. 
Dagmar Kollmann, entrepreneur; member of several supervisory boards and advisory boards as well 
as the Monopolies Commission; former CEO of Morgan Stanley Bank, Frankfurt am Main; former 
Member of the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited, London, United 
Kingdom, Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Frankfurt/Main, member of comparable supervisory bodies of business enterprises in Germany or 
abroad: Coca Cola European Partner plc, London, United Kingdom, Paysafe Holdings UK Limited, 
London, United Kingdom, and Unibail-Rodamco SE, Paris, France 
Harald Krüger, Managing Director of KC&C GmbH, Gräfelfing, former Chairman of the Board of 
Management of Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft, Munich, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Cologne 
Dr. Reinhard Ploss, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Knorr-Bremse AG, Munich and former CEO 
of Infineon Technologies AG, Neubiberg, Chairman of the Advisory Board of CustomCells Holding 
GmbH, Itzehoe 
Stefan Ramge, Director-General responsible for Industrial Holdings, Federal Real Estate, and 
Privatisation in the Federal Ministry of Finance; member of the Supervisory Board of Flughafen Berlin 
Brandenburg GmbH, Berlin, Bundesdruckerei Gruppe GmbH, Berlin, and Telekom Deutschland 
GmbH, Bonn. His term as court-appointed member expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting 
to be held on 9 April 2025. He will be proposed for election on 9 April 2025. 
Karl-Heinz Streibich, Honorary Chairman of the acatech senate – Deutsche Akademie der 
Technikwissenschaften (National Academy of Science and Engineering), Munich, Deputy Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board of Siemens Healthineers AG, Erlangen 
Margret Suckale, former member of the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen, 
member of the Supervisory Boards of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, Frankfurt/Main, Heidelberg 
Materials AG, Heidelberg, Infineon Technologies AG, Neubiberg and member the Supervisory Board 
of Greiner AG, Kremsmünster, Austria 
Stefan Wintels, Chief Executive Officer of KfW, Frankfurt am Main and member of the Supervisory 
Board of Deutsche Post AG, Bonn, and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KfW Capital GmbH & 
Co. KG, Frankfurt 
Rachel Empey and Natalie Knight will be proposed for election as new shareholder representatives at 
the Annual General Meeting on 9 April 2025.  
Employee representatives 
Odysseus Chatzidis, Chairman of the European Works Council of Deutsche Telekom, Bonn 
Eric Daum, First Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council at Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, 
member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom Service GmbH, Bonn

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Constantin Greve, Chairman of the Central Works Council of Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn  
Stefanie Kreusel, Senior Vice President, Customer & Public Relations at Deutsche Telekom 
Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn; Group Officer for Digital Education and School at Deutsche Telekom 
AG, Bonn; Chairwoman of the Executive Staff Representation Committee of Deutsche Telekom 
Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn; Deputy Chairwoman of the Group Executive Staff Representation 
Committee of Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn; member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche 
Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn 
Kerstin Marx, Chairwoman of the Group Works Council at Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, member of 
the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom Geschäftskunden GmbH, Bonn  
Frank Sauerland, Head of the Collective Bargaining Policy Committee IKT A, National Committee at 
the ver.di National Executive Board, Berlin, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Telekom 
Deutschland GmbH, Bonn 
Christoph Schmitz-Dethlefsen, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Member of the ver.di 
National Executive Board, Head of Department for Financial Services, Communication and 
Technology, Culture, Supply and Disposal, Berlin, member of the Supervisory Board of AXA Konzern 
AG, Cologne  
Susanne Schöttke, Head of State District North ver.di, Lübeck, member of the Supervisory Board of 
MVV Energie AG, Mannheim 
Nicole Seelemann-Wandtke, Deputy Chairwoman of the Works Council of the Consumers unit at 
Telekom Deutschland GmbH, Bonn, member of the Supervisory Board of Telekom Deutschland 
GmbH, Bonn 
Karin Topel, Chairwoman of the Works Council at Deutsche Telekom Technik GmbH, Bonn, Technical 
Branch Office, Eastern District, member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom Technik 
GmbH, Bonn 
Amongst others the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG has set up an Audit and Finance 
committee. The Audit and Finance Committee's area of responsibility is essentially defined by German 
and European legislation, the German Corporate Governance Code, and its own Rules of Procedure. 
Amongst other things, it includes, in particular, the review of accounting, the monitoring of the 
accounting process, the effectiveness of the internal control system, risk management and the internal 
auditing systems, compliance, and data privacy. The Audit and Finance Committee also handles 
matters relating to the audit of Deutsche Telekom AG's financial statements, in particular selecting and 
ensuring the independence of the external auditor, and of the additional services provided by the 
external auditor, the commissioning of the external auditor, the stipulation of the main focuses of the 
audit, and the agreement on fees. Furthermore, the Audit and Finance Committee also deals with 
complex corporate financial and business activities passed on to it by the Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board or by the Supervisory Board for examination and discussion. It is also responsible for preparing 
the resolution of the Supervisory Board concerning key financial aspects of the budget of the Group, 
its segments, and the Company, as well as the Group's annual financing plan. 
Dagmar Kollmann is the Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee. The other members of the 
Audit and Finance Committee are Dr. Helga Jung, Stefanie Kreusel, Kerstin Marx, Susanne Schöttke, 
Karl-Heinz Streibich, Karin Topel and Stefan Wintels. 
German Corporate Governance Code, Potential Conflicts of Interest and Business Address  
On 30 December 2024, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom 
AG declared that in the period since submission of the most recent declaration of conformity pursuant 
to § 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on 30 December 2023, Deutsche 
Telekom AG has fully complied with the recommendations of the Government Commission on the 
German Corporate Governance Code announced by the Federal Ministry of Justice on 27 June 2022, 
in the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). 
In addition, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG further 
declared that as of 30 December 2024 Deutsche Telekom AG complies with the recommendations of 
the Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code, published by the Federal 
Ministry of Justice in the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 27 June 2022.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
On 27 January 2025, the Board of Management and Supervisory Board published an update to the 
Declaration of Conformity from 30 December 2024, declaring, as a mere precautionary measure, a 
deviation from recommendation B.4 relating to the re-appointment of a member of the management 
board – in this case Timotheus Höttges – before the end of one year prior to the end of the term of 
appointment. Otherwise, the Declaration of Conformity of 30 December 2024 remains unchanged. 
Thorsten Langheim's departmental responsibilities in the Board of Management include, amongst 
others, Deutsche Telekom AG's venture capital and private equity activities in the investment 
management groups Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners and Digital Transformation Capital Partners 
("DTCP"). Thorsten Langheim has an option to take a leading role in DTCP after his term as member of 
the Board of Management. A comprehensive package of measures is in place to mitigate any conflicts 
of interest. 
With these exceptions there are no potential conflicts of interest among the members of the Board of 
Management and of the Supervisory Board between their obligations to Deutsche Telekom AG and 
their private interests or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board is 
Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Employees 
Headcount development. 
 
 
 
 
Full time employees in the Group 
Change-
compared to 
prior year per 
cent 
31 Dec. 2024 
31 Dec. 2023 
TOTAL 
(0.7) 
198,194 
199,652 
Of which: Deutsche Telekom AG  
(11.6) 
9,537 
10,789 
Of which: civil servants (in Germany, with an active service relationship) 
(15.8) 
5,801 
6,891 
Germany operating segment 
(4.0) 
57,303 
59,709 
United States operating segment 
4.0 
65,154 
62,677 
Europe operating segment 
(0.5) 
32,761 
32,932 
Systems Solutions operating segment 
(1.3) 
25,691 
26,036 
Group Development 
(7.4) 
100 
108 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
(5.5) 
17,184 
18,190 
The decrease of number of employees in the Germany operating segment was mainly due to the 
continued taking up of socially responsible instruments as part of staff restructuring activities, such as 
dedicated retirement and phased retirement. The increase of the total number of employees in the 
United States operating segment was primarily due to an increase in retail employees to support 
T‑Mobile US’ growing customer base, and the Ka’ena Acquisition in the second quarter of 2024. The 
headcount decrease in the Systems Solutions operating segment was mainly due to a workforce 
reduction in traditional infrastructure business. The decrease of headcount in the Group Headquarters 
& Group Services segment was mainly due to the continued staff restructuring measures, in particular 
within the Technology and Innovation Board of Management department and at Vivento. 
Civil Servants 
Although no employees hired after 1 January 1995 have been granted civil servant status, Deutsche 
Telekom employs a substantial number of civil servants. Pursuant to the law governing Deutsche 
Telekom's privatisation, its civil servant employees retained their civil servant status. Accordingly, the 
terms and conditions of their employment and the benefits owed to them continue to be governed by 
German regulations regarding civil servants. Civil servants are tenured employees and may not be

--- Page 37 ---
37 
unilaterally terminated except in extraordinary, statutorily defined circumstances. Although Deutsche 
Telekom is authorised, pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, to exercise generally the rights 
and duties of Germany as the employer of civil servants, the Federal Postal and Telecommunication 
Agency (Bundesanstalt für Post und Telekommunikation or the Federal Agency) has a right of 
consultation in the implementation of certain aspects of the terms under which Deutsche Telekom 
employs civil servants. 
Under the German Postal Employees Act (Postpersonalrechtsgesetz), which governs the legal position 
of civil servants at Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom has been given greater flexibility with 
respect to its relationship with its civil servants. Under certain circumstances, civil servants may also 
be transferred, even without their consent, to companies in which Deutsche Telekom AG has a direct 
or indirect majority shareholding. However, there is a risk that civil servants temporarily without civil 
servant status may return to Deutsche Telekom AG, for example, after the completion of their work at 
one of Deutsche Telekom's subsidiaries.  
Civil servants employed by Deutsche Telekom are entitled to pension benefits provided by the German 
federal government pursuant to the German Civil Servants' Benefits Act (Beamtenversorgungsgesetz). 
Pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, Deutsche Telekom is required to make annual 
contributions to a special pension fund established to fund such pension obligations (Bundes-
Pensions-Service für Post und Telekommunikation e.V.).  
Pensions 
Deutsche Telekom manages its pension commitments based on the Group-wide Global Pension 
Policy. It ensures on a worldwide basis that Group minimum standards regarding the granting and 
management of company pension benefits are complied with, plans are harmonised, and financial and 
other risks to the core business are avoided or reduced. In addition, the policy provides guidelines for 
the implementation and management of pension commitments and defines requirements for the 
launch, adjustment, and closure of corresponding plans. The regulations and provisions laid down in 
this Group policy take into account the national differences in state pension and other commitments 
under labour, tax, and social law and the common business practices in the area of pension 
commitments. 
As of 31 December 2024, the defined benefit liability amounted to EUR 3.2 billion, compared to 
EUR 4.1 billion as at year end 2023. The decrease in provisions for pensions was mainly due to an 
increase in the fair values of plan assets. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
The list below mentions the holders of ten per cent. or more of Deutsche Telekom's ordinary shares 
and their percentage of ownership, based on notifications received by Deutsche Telekom AG pursuant 
to Sections 33 (1), 34 of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz). 
KfW: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
approx. 13.97 per cent. 
Federal Republic of Germany:  
 
 
 
approx. 13.83 per cent. 
In its last notification of voting rights dated 5 June 2024, the Federal Republic of Germany reported 
that a total of 28.18 per cent. of the voting rights in Deutsche Telekom AG were attributable to it. 
Such shareholders do not have different voting rights from any of Deutsche Telekom AG's other 
shareholders. In their capacities as shareholders, the Federal Republic of Germany and KfW may 
exercise only those rights that they have under the Stock Corporation Act and Deutsche Telekom AG's 
Articles of Incorporation, which are the same for all of Deutsche Telekom AG's shareholders. 
At present, the Federal Republic of Germany and KfW each have one representative on Deutsche 
Telekom AG's Supervisory Board.  
According to the participation report of the Federal Government 2024 (Beteiligungsbericht des Bundes 
2024) dated 4 March 2025, KfW is 80 per cent. owned by the Federal Republic of Germany. Should 
the Federal Republic of Germany or KfW decide on a reduction in the holdings of Deutsche Telekom 
AG, Deutsche Telekom AG does not expect that such a reduction would have a material negative effect 
on Deutsche Telekom AG's governance or business. 
Share Capital

--- Page 38 ---
38 
As of 31 December 2024, the share capital of Deutsche Telekom AG amounted to 
EUR 12,765,334,005.76 divided into 4.986.458.596 registered ordinary shares without par value 
(Stückaktien). All shares have been issued and are fully paid.  
Voting Rights 
Each share entitles the holder to one vote. These voting rights are restricted, however, in relation to 
treasury shares and shares allocable to Deutsche Telekom in the same way as treasury shares 
(86,029,346 treasury shares were held at 31 December 2024). 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The statutory auditor of Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial years ended on 
31 December 2024 
and 
31 December 2023, 
respectively, 
was 
Deloitte 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("Deloitte"), Erna-Scheffler-Straße 2, 40476 Düsseldorf, Germany. 
Deloitte is a member of the chamber of public accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Audit of historical annual financial information 
Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2024 and 31 December 2023 were prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards 
as well as with the regulations under commercial law as set forth in § 315e (1) HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch 
- German Commercial Code). Deloitte has audited Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. An 
unqualified auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) has been issued in each case.  
Selected Financial data of Deutsche Telekom Group 
The figures shown in the table below were rounded in accordance with standard business rounding principles. As a result, the total indicated may 
not be equal to the precise sum of the individual figures. Changes were calculated on the basis of millions for greater precision. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
 
 
REVENUE AND EARNINGS (management approach)d 
Change -compared 
to 
prior year 
per cent.  
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net revenue 
3.4 
115.8 
112.0 
 
 
Of which: domestic 
per cent. 
0.7 
23.7 
23.0 
 
 
Of which: international 
per cent. 
(0.7) 
76.3 
77.0 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) 
(22.3) 
26.3 
33.8 
 
 
Profit (loss) attributable to the owner of the parent (net profit 
(loss)) 
(37.0) 
11.2 
17.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APM (management approach)d 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA ALc 
(14.4) 
43.8 
51.2 
 
 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors)c 
6.2 
43.0 
40.5 
 
 
EBITDA AL margin (adjusted for special factors)c 
per cent.  
1.0 
37.2 
36.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF 
31 DECEMBER 
Change 
 -compared to 
prior year 
per cent. 
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
 
Total assets 
5.0 
304.9 
290.3 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
8.1 
98.6 
91.2

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
 
 
REVENUE AND EARNINGS (management approach)d 
Change -compared 
to 
prior year 
per cent.  
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
billions of 
EUR (unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APM (management approach)d 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity ratio (Shareholders' equity/Total assets) 
per cent. 
0.9 
32.3 
31.4 
 
 
Net debt 
3.8 
137.3 
132.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
2023 
 
 
CASH FLOWS 
Change 
 -compared to 
prior year 
per cent. 
billions of EUR 
billions of EUR 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
6.9 
39.9 
37.3 
 
 
Net cash (used in) from investing activities 
(85.1) 
(18.9) 
(10.2) 
 
 
Net cash (used in) from financing activities 
20.6 
(20.3) 
(25.5) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APM (management approach)d 
 
 
 
 
 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment)e  
15.3 
24.1 
20.9 
 
 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment)e  
18.7 
19.2 
16.1 
 
 
c 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
d 
Deutsche Telekom uses the management approach in this presentation, i.e., the results of operations include the value of 
contributions from GD Towers up to and including January 2023. 
e 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows of Deutsche Telekom. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (APM) 
Deutsche Telekom uses certain alternative performance measures, which are non-GAAP figures not 
governed by IFRS Accounting Standards. They should not be viewed in isolation as an alternative to 
profit or loss from operations, net profit or loss, net cash from operating activities, the liabilities reported 
in the consolidated statement of financial position, or other Deutsche Telekom key performance 
indicators presented in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
You should use caution when reviewing Deutsche Telekom's APM. You should not regard them as: 
· 
an absolute measure of the consolidated financial performance or liquidity,  
· 
alternatives to net revenue, group profit or any other performance measures prepared in 
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, or  
· 
an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our consolidated cash flows 
or liquidity. 
In addition, other companies that present APM, whether on an adjusted basis or not, may present these 
figures on a basis different to those used by Deutsche Telekom. You should not regard Deutsche 
Telekom's APM as comparable with measures reported by other companies, even if those other 
measures are similarly named. 
EBITDA AL corresponds to EBIT (profit/loss from operations) before depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment losses and adjusted for depreciation of the right-of-use assets and for interest expenses on 
recognised lease liabilities. EBIT and EBITDA AL measure the short-term operational performance and 
the success of individual business areas. Deutsche Telekom also uses EBITDA AL margins6 to show 
 
6 EBITDA AL margin is calculated as EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) / Net revenue.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
how these indicators develop in relation to net revenue. This makes it possible to compare the earnings 
performance of profit-oriented units of different sizes. The GD Towers business entity has been 
recognised in the consolidated financial statements as a discontinued operation since the third quarter 
of 2022. According to the management approach the financial performance indicator EBIDTA AL 
includes the contributions by GD Towers in the Group Development operating segment. 
Special factors have an impact on the presentation of operations, making it more difficult to compare 
performance indicators with corresponding figures for prior periods. For this reason, Deutsche Telekom 
additionally adjusts its performance indicators to provide transparency. Without this adjustment, 
statements about the future development of earnings are only possible to a limited extent. The adjusted 
values are calculated on the basis of the unadjusted performance indicators. 
The special factors which are used to calculate some alternative performance measures comprise staff-
related measures (such as early retirement compensation, severance and voluntary redundancy 
models), non-staff related restructuring, effects of de-consolidations, disposals and acquisitions, 
impairment losses and other effects that generally do not arise in conjunction within the ordinary course 
of business. 
Free Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) and Free Cash Flow AL 
(before dividend payments and spectrum investment) are the main measures for providers of debt 
capital and equity. It measures the potential for further developing the Company, e.g. for generating 
organic growth and the ability to pay dividends and repay debt. Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend 
payments and spectrum investment) is determined by adjusting Free Cash Flow (before dividend 
payments and spectrum investment) for repayments of lease liabilities. 
Cash capex relates to cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before 
spectrum investment) and property, plant and equipment, which are relevant for cash outflows as a 
component of free cash flow. 
In addition, Deutsche Telekom considers Net debt (calculated as the Group's gross debt (sum of 
financial liabilities and lease liabilities minus accrued interest and miscellaneous other financial 
liabilities) minus certain financial assets (cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial assets and 
other financial assets)) to be an important performance indicator for investors, analysts, and rating 
agencies. 
Reconciliation of EBITDA AL 
billions of EUR 
2024 
2023 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) – According to IFRS Accounting Standards 
26.3 
20.8 
Discontinued Operation (GD Towers) 
0.0 
13.0 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) (management approach)d 
26.3 
33.8 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses 
24.0 
24.0 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets a,b 
(4.7) 
(4.8) 
Interest expenses on recognised lease liabilities a,b 
(1.8) 
(1.8) 
EBITDA AL c 
43.8 
51.2 
Special factors affecting EBITDA AL c 
0.8 
10.7 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) c 
43.0 
40.5 
a 
This is a line item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
b 
Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
c 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated income statement of Deutsche Telekom. 
d 
Deutsche Telekom uses the management approach in this presentation, i.e., the results of operations include the value of contributions 
from GD Towers up to and including January 2023.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow AL 
billions of EUR 
2024 
2023 
 
 
 
Net Cash from operating activities  
39.9 
37.3 
Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum 
investment) and property, plant and equipment (Cash Capex) 
(16.0) 
(16.6) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets 
(8.0) 
(5.6) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in property, plant and equipment 
(11.2) 
(12.3) 
    Cash outflows for spectrum investment – not included in Cash Capex figure 
3.2 
1.3 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipment 
0.2 
0.2 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) e  
24.1 
20.9 
Principal portion of repayment of lease liabilities b 
(4.9) 
(4.8) 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) e  
19.2 
16.1 
b 
Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
e 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows of Deutsche Telekom. 
Reconciliation of Net Debt and Net Debt AL 
billions of EUR 
31 Dec 2024 
31 Dec 2023 
 
 
 
Financial Liabilities (current and non-current) and lease liabilities 
152.4 
145.3 
Accrued interest 
(1.2) 
(1.0) 
Other 
(2.2) 
(1.0) 
Gross debt f 
149.1 
143.3 
Cash and cash equivalents 
8.5 
7.3 
Derivative financial assets 
1.6 
1.8 
Other financial assets 
1.7 
2.0 
Net debt f,g 
137.3 
132.3 
Lease liabilities b 
38.0 
38.6 
Net debt AL f 
99.3 
93.7 
b Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
f 
This is an APM item not presented in the consolidated statement of financial position of Deutsche Telekom. 
g Including net debt reported under liabilities directly associated with non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale. 
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The companies of Deutsche Telekom Group are involved in a number of legal proceedings in the 
ordinary course of Deutsche Telekom's business. In addition, proceedings involving alleged abuse of a 
market-dominant position by Deutsche Telekom and other alleged antitrust violations, as well as other 
regulatory controversies, are pending before competition and regulatory authorities. 
Claims relating to charges for shared use of cable ducts  
In 2012, Kabel Deutschland Vertrieb und Service GmbH (today Vodafone Deutschland GmbH ("VDG")) 
filed a claim against Telekom Deutschland GmbH to reduce the annual charge for the rights to use cable 
duct capacities in the future and gain a partial refund of the payments made in this connection since 
2004. In similar proceedings, Unitymedia Hessen GmbH & Co. KG, Unitymedia NRW GmbH, and Kabel 
BW GmbH (today all Vodafone West) filed claims against Telekom Deutschland GmbH in January 2013, 
demanding that it cease charging the plaintiffs more than a specific and precisely stated amount for the 
shared use of cable ducts, including in the future. The claims were rejected by the Frankfurt Higher 
Regional Court (VDG) and by the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court (Vodafone West) and an appeal 
was not allowed in both cases. In response to the complaints of the plaintiffs against non-allowance of 
appeal, the Federal Court of Justice allowed the appeal by VDG to the extent that it relates to claims 
dating from 1 January 2012; the appeal by Vodafone West was allowed to the extent that it relates to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
claims dating from 1 January 2016. The claims were rejected with legally binding effect for the time 
periods prior to this, which leads to a significant reduction in current calculations of claims. In a ruling 
on 14 December 2021, the Federal Court of Justice referred the proceedings concerning the remaining 
claims back to the responsible Higher Regional Courts for a new hearing and decision. The plaintiffs 
have since updated their demands for relief. VDG now puts its claim at around EUR 980 million plus 
interest for the period from January 2012 to December 2024; Vodafone West now puts its claim at 
around EUR 538 million plus interest for the period from January 2016 to April 2024. It is currently not 
possible to estimate the financial impact with sufficient certainty. 
Sprint Merger class action 
On 1 June 2021, a shareholder class action and derivative action was filed in the Delaware Court of 
Chancery against Deutsche Telekom AG, SoftBank, T-Mobile US, and all of Deutsche Telekom AG's 
officers and directors at that time, asserting breach of fiduciary duties relating to the purchase price 
amendment to the Merger Agreement, as well as SoftBank's subsequent monetisation of its T-Mobile 
US shares. On 29 October 2021, the action was amended. The amended action is directed at the same 
defendants and the same underlying transactions as the original action, however, it includes additional 
factual submissions on alleged facts. At present, the financial impact of these proceedings cannot be 
assessed with sufficient certainty. 
Proceedings against T-Mobile US as a consequence of the cyberattack on T-Mobile US 
In August 2021, T-Mobile US confirmed that their systems had been subject to a criminal cyberattack 
that compromised data of millions of their customers, former customers, and prospective customers. 
With the assistance of outside cybersecurity experts, T-Mobile US located and closed the unauthorised 
access to their systems and identified customers whose information was impacted and notified them, 
consistent with state and federal requirements. As a result of the cyberattack, numerous consumer class 
actions including mass arbitrations were filed against T-Mobile US. The class actions brought before the 
federal courts were consolidated into one action in December 2021. The plaintiffs are claiming damages 
in an as yet unspecified amount. On 22 July 2022, T-Mobile US entered into an agreement to settle the 
consumer class action in the Federal Court for USD 350 million (EUR 331 million). In addition, T-Mobile 
US has committed to spending a total of USD 150 million in 2022 and 2023 on data security and related 
technologies. The settlement was approved by the court in June 2023. T-Mobile US paid the outstanding 
USD 315 million of the original settlement amount of USD 350 million in November 2024, which resolves 
materially all claims made to date by current, former, and potential customers, who were affected by the 
cyberattack in 2021. Furthermore, in November 2021, a derivative action was brought against the 
members of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile US and against T-Mobile US as nominal defendant. This 
action has since been withdrawn. In September 2022, a further purported shareholder filed a new 
derivative action against the members of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile US and against T-Mobile 
US as nominal defendant alleging claims for breach of fiduciary duties relating to the company's 
cybersecurity practices. The derivative action was dismissed in its entirety in May 2024 and also the 
plaintiff's appeal has been dismissed in February 2025.  
In addition, inquiries have been made by various government agencies, law enforcement and other state 
authorities, with which T-Mobile US is cooperating in full. An agreement was reached with the Federal 
Communications Commission (FCC). It is currently not possible to estimate the resultant financial risk 
of these proceedings with sufficient certainty. 
Proceedings against T-Mobile US in consequence of the cyberattack on T-Mobile US in January 
2023  
On 5 January 2023 T-Mobile US identified that a bad actor was obtaining data through an application 
programming interface (API). Based on the company's preliminary investigation, the affected API was 
only able to provide a limited set of customer account data, including name, billing address, email 
address, telephone number, date of birth, T-Mobile account number, and information such as the 
number of lines on the account and plan features. The results of the investigation indicate that, in total, 
around 37 million current postpaid and prepaid customer accounts were affected, although many of 
these accounts did not include the full data set. Based on an initial assessment, T-Mobile US assumes 
that the attacker retrieved data via the affected API for the first time from or around 25 November 2022. 
The company continues to investigate the incident and, in accordance with federal and state 
requirements, has notified those individuals whose data was affected. In connection with this 
cyberattack, consumer class actions were filed against T-Mobile US and official inquiries were submitted 
to the company, to which it will respond and, as a result of which, it may incur substantial expenses. It

--- Page 43 ---
43 
is currently not possible to estimate the resultant financial risk with sufficient certainty. 
Class action relating to shareholder return programmes of T-Mobile US 
On 25 February 2025, a shareholder class action and derivative action was filed in the Delaware Court 
of Chancery against Deutsche Telekom AG, T-Mobile US, and all of T-Mobile US's directors, asserting 
breach of fiduciary duties relating to the 2022 share buy-back programme and the 2023-2024 
shareholder return programme of T-Mobile US. It is currently not possible to estimate the resulting claim 
and financial risk of these proceedings with sufficient certainty. 
Other Proceedings 
Patents and Licences 
Like many other large telecommunications and internet providers, Deutsche Telekom is regularly 
exposed to intellectual property rights disputes. There is a risk that Deutsche Telekom may have to pay 
licence fees and/or compensation; it is also exposed to a risk of cease-and-desist orders, for example 
relating to the sale of a product or the use of a technology. 
Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Like all companies, Deutsche Telekom Group is subject to anti-trust law. Deutsche Telekom AG and its 
subsidiaries are from time to time subject to proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage 
actions under civil law. The following describes major anti-trust proceedings and the resulting claims for 
damages. 
Claims for damages against Slovak Telekom following a European Commission decision to 
impose fines 
The European Commission decided on 15 October 2014 that Slovak Telekom had abused its market 
power on the Slovak broadband market and, as a result, imposed fines on Slovak Telekom and 
Deutsche Telekom AG, which were paid in full in January 2015. After the Court of the European Union 
partially overturned the European Commission's decision in 2018 and reduced the fines by a total of 
EUR 13 million, the legal recourse following the ruling of the European Court of Justice on 25 March 
2021 is exhausted. Following the decision of the European Commission, competitors filed damage 
actions against Slovak Telekom with the civil court in Bratislava, Slovakia. These claims seek 
compensation for alleged damages due to Slovak Telekom's abuse of a dominant market position, as 
determined by the European Commission. A further claim was filed with the court in 2022, such that 
there are now three claims pending, amounting to a total of EUR 219 million plus interest. It is currently 
not possible to estimate the financial impact with sufficient certainty. 
Claims for damages against Deutsche Telekom AG, including due to insolvency of Phones4U 
Phones4U was an independent mobile retailer in the United Kingdom, which declared insolvency in 
2014. The insolvency administrator is pursuing claims before the High Court of Justice in London against 
the mobile providers active on the market of the United Kingdom at that time and their parent companies 
on the grounds of alleged collusion in violation of anti-trust law and breach of contract. Deutsche 
Telekom AG, which at that time held 50 per cent. of the mobile company EE Limited, has rejected the 
claims as unsubstantiated. The High Court of Justice in London heard testimony from several witnesses 
and experts in the period between mid-May and the end of July 2022 with a view to establishing the 
legal basis for a claim. On 10 November 2023, the High Court of Justice in London rejected all claims 
made by Phones4U against all defendants. In December 2023, Phones4U filed an application for leave 
to lodge an appeal with the High Court of Justice in London. The hearing took place on 19 December 
2023. The High Court of Justice in London rejected the application by Phones4U for leave to lodge an 
appeal. Phones4U is pursuing the application further with the Court of Appeal. On 26 March 2024, the 
Court of Appeal partially allowed the appeal by Phones4U. It is currently not possible to estimate the 
financial impact with sufficient certainty. 
Antitrust class action complaint following the merger with Sprint.  
T‑Mobile US is defending against an antitrust class action complaint from 17 June 2022, in which the 
plaintiffs allege that the merger of T‑Mobile US and Sprint violated the antitrust laws and harmed 
competition in the U.S. retail cell service market. Plaintiffs seek injunctive relief and trebled monetary 
damages on behalf of a purported class of AT&T and Verizon customers who plaintiffs allege paid 
artificially inflated prices due to the merger. It is currently not possible to estimate the financial impact

--- Page 44 ---
44 
with sufficient certainty. 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OR THE 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of Deutsche 
Telekom since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Deutsche Telekom AG is a stock corporation organised under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, is the parent company of Deutsche Telekom's group. Its 
ordinary shares are traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange as well as on other German stock 
exchanges.  
Funding  
The finance strategy of Deutsche Telekom (excluding T-Mobile US) includes a liquidity reserve that 
covers, at any given time, at least the capital market maturities over the next 24 months. In order to 
refinance maturities and also to maintain the liquidity reserve, Deutsche Telekom could issue bonds in 
various currencies through various debt products on the relevant global capital markets to which it has 
access to. In addition, Deutsche Telekom could issue commercial papers in the money market. 
T-Mobile US has its own financing and liquidity strategy. Its liquidity reserve consists of a revolving credit 
facility and cash. T-Mobile US usually issues senior unsecured notes for refinancing. 
Material Contracts 
In the usual course of Deutsche Telekom's business, it enters into numerous contracts with various 
other entities. Deutsche Telekom has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course 
of its business within the past two years. 
Main Agreements that Include a Change of Control Clause 
The main agreements entered into by Deutsche Telekom AG that include a clause in the event of a 
change of control principally relate to bilateral credit lines and several loan agreements. In the event of 
a change of control, the individual lenders have the right to terminate the credit line and, if necessary, 
serve notice or demand repayment of the loans. A change of control is assumed when a third party, 
which can also be a group acting jointly, acquires control over Deutsche Telekom AG. 
On 2 November 2016, Deutsche Telekom AG signed a change agreement to the shareholder agreement 
with the Greek government from 14 May 2008 on OTE; the change agreement concerned the accession 
of the Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund (HRADF) as a party to the contract. Under this 
agreement, the Greek government is, under certain circumstances, entitled to acquire all shares in OTE 
from Deutsche Telekom AG as soon as one (or more) person(s), with the exception of the Federal 
Republic of Germany, either directly or indirectly acquire(s) 35 per cent. of the voting rights of Deutsche 
Telekom AG. 
In the master agreement establishing the procurement joint venture BuyIn in Belgium, Deutsche 
Telekom AG and Orange S.A. (formerly France Télécom S.A.)/Atlas Services Belgium S.A. (a subsidiary 
of Orange S.A.) agreed that if Deutsche Telekom AG or Orange comes under the controlling influence 
of a third party or if a third party that is not wholly owned by the Orange group of companies acquires 
shares in Atlas Services Belgium S.A., the respective other party (Orange and Atlas Services Belgium 
S.A. only jointly) may terminate the master agreement with immediate effect. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Where information, contained in this document, has been sourced from a third party, Deutsche Telekom 
AG confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been accurately reproduced and that 
so far as Deutsche Telekom AG is aware and able to ascertain from information published by such third 
party no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information materially inaccurate 
or misleading.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Consent to the use of this Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Ireland and The Netherlands for 
the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as 
determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that this Prospectus is still valid in accordance with 
Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in 
this Prospectus also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and on the website of Deutsche 
Telekom (http://www.telekom.com/bonds). 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make 
certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, 
including with the restrictions specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend or 
the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" legend set out on the cover page of the applicable Final 
Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using this Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Issue Procedures 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche 
of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions set forth below as further specified by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms as 
provided below.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions  
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
- 
Option II:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
For the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of 
this Prospectus, additional sets of Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus from time to time, the relevant set of which shall apply with regard to increases of Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the 
relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus in the 
Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions shall 
constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are 
publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in this Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute 
the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms 
and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of, or in square brackets within, the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to 
an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such

--- Page 47 ---
47 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language  
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany or (ii) initially distributed, 
in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling 
language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, 
English is chosen as controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will 
be available for collection or inspection during normal business hours upon reasonable request 
from the respective offices of the Paying Agent in Dublin and the Issuer, specified under "Names 
and Addresses" below or may be provided by the Paying Agent and the Issuer via email in 
electronic format. 
- 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Anleihebedingungen 
 
Terms and Conditions  
Einführung 
Introduction 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in 
zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
two options: 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
fixed interest rates. 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede 
dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet 
sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung 
durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder 
links von dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen 
oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes 
der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of 
these Options contains certain further options, 
which 
are 
characterised 
accordingly 
by 
indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the left of or in square brackets 
within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder 
die 
betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, 
which of the Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, 
shall apply with respect to an individual issue of 
Notes, either by replicating the relevant 
provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der 
Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von 
bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar 
sind, 
enthält 
dieser 
Prospekt 
Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen 
durch 
die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben 
enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this 
Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an 
individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets 
which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für eine 
einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die 
im 
Satz 
der 
Anleihe-
bedingungen der Option I oder Option II enthalten sind, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the 
set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the 
following applies 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
nachstehenden 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
beigefügten 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
[The provisions of the following Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by 
the final terms which are attached hereto (the 
"Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
which 
are 
applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms as if such information were inserted

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, 
als ob die Leerstellen tatsächlich in den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt worden wären. Alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
nicht 
ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, 
gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen 
und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als 
insoweit 
aus 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, wie dies erforderlich ist, um den 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung zu verschaffen. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen werden zur kostenlosen Einsicht 
oder Ausgabe auf Anfrage bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen der Zahlstellen während der 
üblichen Geschäftszeiten bereitgehalten oder 
per E-Mail in elektronischem Format zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt. 
Soweit 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einer Börse 
notiert sind, sind Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die 
Gläubiger 
solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich nachdem ein für die Zahlstelle 
zufriedenstellender 
Eigentums- 
und 
Identitätsnachweis erbracht wurde.] 
in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional 
provisions 
of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not completed 
or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are 
inapplicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
(including 
instructions, explanatory notes and texts set out 
in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as 
required to give effect to the terms of the Final 
Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be 
obtained for inspection or collection free of 
charge during normal business hours upon 
reasonable request at the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents or may be provided by the Paying 
Agents via email in electronic format; provided 
that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on 
any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final 
Terms will only be made available to Holders of 
such Notes following provision of proof of holding 
and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent).] 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Notes with fixed interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Deutsche Telekom 
AG ("Deutsche Telekom AG" oder 
die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und 
ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche 
Telekom AG" or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[In case the Global Note is an NGN the 
following 
applies: 
(subject 
to 
§ 1 
(6))] 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) and is 
divided into [Number of Notes] Notes in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination").

--- Page 50 ---
50 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber 
und sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung des Eigentumsrechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind ausgetauscht. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, as provided below, for Notes 
in the Specified Denomination represented 
by 
a 
permanent 
global 
Note 
(the 
"Permanent 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, 
der 
nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
liegt 
und 
zwar 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
durch den jeweiligen Kontoinhaber bei dem 
Clearing System sowie durch das Clearing 
System bei dem Fiscal Agent, in der zu 
diesem Zweck für den Fiscal Agent 
akzeptablen Form und in denen bescheinigt 
ist, dass der bzw. die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind, ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, 
die 
im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) 
geliefert 
werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, die im Austausch für 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, werden ausschließlich außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) ausgeliefert. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Note upon delivery 
by the relevant account holder to the 
Clearing System, and by the Clearing 
System to the Fiscal Agent, of certificates in 
the form acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for 
such purpose, to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding through such financial institutions) 
as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in subparagraph (1) of § 5). Any 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in subparagraph (1) of 
§ 5).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this 
§ 1 shall be made free of charge to the Holders 
of the Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent.  
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende 
Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen 
eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: sowohl] [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][,][als 
auch] [Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] und jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each 
of] [Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und 
von einem common safekeeper im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung 
und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung bezüglich 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry

--- Page 53 ---
53 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass, nach 
dieser Eintragung, vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird.] 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben 
und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global 
Note or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den hinterlegten Schuldverschreibungen, und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited 
with any Clearing System or other central 
securities 
depositary, 
any 
holder 
of 
a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes so deposited, and 
otherwise the bearer of a Note. 
"Zahlstelle" 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
in 
seiner 
Eigenschaft als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre 
nachstehend in § 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, 
die in § 7 genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine 
gemäß § 7 ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere 
Zahlstelle. 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its 
office specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) 
specified in § 7, or any substitute or additional 
paying agent appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie und 
schließen, wenn der Zusammenhang dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references 
to Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen jede Nachfolge-Währung ein, die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder 
durch 
eine 
zwischen-staatliche 
Vereinbarung 
eingeführt 
wird 
(die 
"Nachfolgewährung"), sofern Zahlungen in der 
ursprünglichen 
Währung 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" 
shall include any successor currency provided 
for by the laws in force in the jurisdiction where 
the Specified Currency is issued or pursuant to 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
or 
treaty 
(a "Successor Currency") to the extent that 
payment in the predecessor currency is no

--- Page 54 ---
54 
zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten. 
longer a legal means of payment by the Issuer 
on the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER 
EMITTENTIN 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER  
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur 
bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen 
ganz oder teilweise in irgendeiner Weise zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von 
der Emittentin oder einer anderen Person 
eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, zu belasten 
oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem Zweck 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit im gleichen 
Rang und gleichen Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen. "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede 
Verbindlichkeit zur Zahlung aufgenommener 
Gelder, die durch Schuldscheine verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert 
oder gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
Um etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände 
der 
Emittentin ein, die nach dem jeweils auf die 
Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräußert sind. 
So long as any of the Notes remains 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts 
of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or 
future assets as security for any present or future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
issued 
or 
guaranteed by the Issuer or by any other person, 
without at the same time having the Holders 
share equally and rateably in such security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in 
the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes or other securities which are, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange or other recognised 
securities market. For the purposes of avoiding 
any doubt in respect of asset-backed financings 
originated by the Issuer, the expression "assets" 
as used in this § 3 does not include assets of the 
Issuer that are sold on a non-recourse basis 
determined in accordance with the civil law 
applicable to such transaction. 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrages verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 6 Absatz 1 definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
jährlich 
[Zinssatz] %. 
Die Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest] per cent. 
per 
annum 
from 
(and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 6(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on 
[Fixed Interest Date(s)] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag 
des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegter 
Nennbetrag] je festgelegtem Nennbetrag.] 
[Sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
kein 
Festzinstermin ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [der letzte 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegter 
Nennbetrag] 
je 
festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag.] 
payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date] [If First Interest 
Payment Date is not the first anniversary of 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
the 
following applies: and will amount to [Initial 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Specified Denomination]. [If Maturity Date 
is not a Fixed Interest Date the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period from 
(and including) [Fixed Interest Date preceding 
the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination.] 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, 
erfolgt 
die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
bis zu dem Tag, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht, in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satzes für Verzugszinsen.7 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If 
the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes until the expiry of the day preceding the 
day of actual redemption of the Notes at the 
default rate of interest established by law.8 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für gebrochene 
Zeiträume. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, 
erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If 
interest is required to be calculated for a period 
of less than a full year, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below). 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen oder langen Kupons) ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.]  
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the actual number of days in 
the respective interest period.]  
 
7 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
 
8 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (einschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen Kupons) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (including the case of first or last 
short coupons) the following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the number of days in the Reference 
Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleich 
bleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen 
Kupons) innerhalb eines Zinsjahres ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with two or 
more constant interest periods within an interest year 
(including the case of short coupons) the following 
applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, und (2) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Zinszahlungstagen, 
die 
angenommen, dass Zinsen für das gesamte 
Jahr zu zahlen wären in ein Kalenderjahr fallen 
oder fallen würden.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year 
or that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming interest was to be payable in respect 
of the whole of that year.]  
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) und wenn 
der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Reference Period (long coupon) the following 
applies 
[die Summe aus: 
(a) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] 
[der] 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Bezugsperiode 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) 
der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
[the sum of:  
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (x)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period 
[In the case of Reference Periods of less 
than one year the following applies: and 
(y) the number of Interest Payment Dates 
that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of 
such year]; and 
(b) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch 
[Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind 
als 
ein 
Jahr, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] 
[der] 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Bezugsperiode 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) 
der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Reference Period 
divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (x)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period 
[In the case of Reference Periods of less 
than one year the following applies: and 
(y) the number of Interest Payment Dates 
that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest 
were payable in respect of the whole of 
such year].]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Folgendes gilt für alle Optionen von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251) anwendbar außer Option Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) mit jährlichen Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
The following applies for all options of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) except for option Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the 
case of short or long coupons) 
["Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder 
von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im 
Fall 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode 
gelten 
der 
[Fiktiver 
Zinszahlungstag] 
als 
Zinszahlungstage.]] 
["Reference Period" means the period from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment 
Date or from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date. [In the case of a short first or 
last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Period only, [deemed Interest 
Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an 
Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a long 
first or last Calculation Period the following 
applies: For the purposes of determining the 
relevant Reference Period only, [deemed 
Interest Payment Dates] shall each be deemed 
to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, während der 
erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
weder auf den 30. noch den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag 
enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following 
applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period).] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf die Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift für die betreffenden Kontoinhaber des 
Clearing Systems außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(3), to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung 
gemäß 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
(b) 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, outside the 
United States, upon due certification as provided 
in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue 
Code 
von 
1986 
(der 
"Code") 
beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 
1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen 
aufgrund 
dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen oder geschlossener Abkommen, 
etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen 
zur 
Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
in der festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Zurückweisung von geschuldeten Beträgen 
durch das Clearingsystem. Soweit und so lange 
das Clearingsystem die Zahlung eines im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen geschuldeten Betrags 
aus Gründen, die von der Emittentin nicht zu 
vertreten sind, zurückweist (oder gegenüber der 
Emittentin oder einer Zahlstelle erklärt, die 
Zahlung aus solchen Gründen zurückweisen zu 
wollen), gerät die Emittentin mit einer sich 
hieraus ergebenden Nichtzahlung nicht in 
Verzug. 
(5) Rejection of Amounts Due by Clearing 
System. To the extent that and as long as the 
Clearing System rejects (or declares to the 
Issuer or any Paying Agent that it will reject) any 
payment of any amount due under these Notes 
for reasons which the Issuer is not responsible 
for, the Issuer shall not be in default in respect of 
any resulting non-payment. 
(6) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
(6) Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note is

--- Page 59 ---
59 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
not a Payment Business Day then the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Clearing System 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System 
Im Fall, dass Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
relevanten Finanzzentren geöffnet sein sollen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets relevant financial centres shall be open the 
following applies 
[[und][,] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen abwickeln [.] [und]] 
[[and][,] 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange 
markets 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)] settle payments [.] [and]] 
Im Fall, dass T2 offen sein soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case T2 shall be open the following applies 
[und alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") 
geöffnet sind, um die betreffenden Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
[and all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
or any successor/replacement system ("T2") are 
operational to forward the relevant payment.] 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] [Falls der Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 8 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(7) References to Principal and Interest. 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the 
option of Issuer for other than taxation 
reasons, the following applies: the Call 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
the 
Notes,] 
[If 
redeemable at the option of the Holder the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes,] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 8. 
(8) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
(8) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not 
claimed by Holders within twelve months after 
the Maturity Date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] 
(the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount.  
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent und gemäß [§ 14] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem [Tag der Begebung] wirksam) zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 8 
dieser Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet 
sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehender und ihr zumutbarer Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or 
after [Issue Date], the Issuer will become 
obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor 
less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
[§ 14] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin 
erfolgen, 
an 
dem 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
zu zahlen, und (ii) zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to 
pay such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time 
such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und 
eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, 
welche 
die 
Umstände 
darlegt, 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen. 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, 
must specify the date fixed for redemption and 
must set forth a statement in summary form of 
the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei einem geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount, the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben 
wurde, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu zahlen. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary, the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 
days' notice to the Holders of Notes redeem, at 
its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at 
their Final Redemption Amount, together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding). 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und muss den für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen 
enthalten.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, 
and must specify the date fixed for redemption.] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
an 
festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungstagen 
(Call) 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Dates 
the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag bzw. -beträgen 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag
/-beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amounts] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such 
Note under subparagraph ([4]) of this § 6.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [4] dieses § 6 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal 
Agent bekannt zu geben (die Kündigung 
gegenüber 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
hat 
mindestens 2 Geschäftstage vor der 
Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal 
Agent (the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be 
given not less than 2 Business Days before 
the giving of notice to the Holders). Such 
notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the 
Series 
of 
Notes 
subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden verbrieft sind, die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
and, if the Notes are represented by 
Definitive Notes, the serial numbers of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL 
und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder 
als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig während festgelegter 
Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer during specified Call Redemption 
Periods the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), wie 
nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date at the Call Redemption 
Amount set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)" 
bezeichnet jeden Geschäftstag innerhalb 
[des Call-Rückzahlungszeitraums][der Call-
Rückzahlungszeiträume]. 
"Call Redemption Date" means each 
Business Day within the Call Redemption 
Period[s] as selected by the Issuer. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitrau
m/zeiträume 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitrau
m/zeiträume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag
/-beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amounts] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [5] dieses § 6 
verlangt hat.] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such 
Note under subparagraph ([5]) of this § 6.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal 
Agent bekannt zu geben (die Kündigung 
gegenüber 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
hat 
mindestens 2 Geschäftstage vor der 
Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal 
Agent (the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be 
given not less than 2 Business Days before 
the giving of notice to the Holders). Such 
notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the 
Series 
of 
Notes 
subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden verbrieft sind, die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
and, if the Notes are represented by 
Definitive Notes, the serial numbers of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf.] 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders.] 
Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder at specified Put Redemption Amounts 
the following applies 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben 
nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) 
set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag
/-beträge] 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amounts] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin in 
Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach § 6 
Absatz 2 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: oder Absatz 3] verlangt hat. 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option 
to redeem such Note under paragraph (2) 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer the following 
applies: or (3)] of this § 6. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, darf der 
Gläubiger nicht früher als 15 Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in 
Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax), in 
schriftlicher Form oder in einer für den 
Fiscal Agent akzeptablen anderen Form 
und 
entsprechend 
der 
Regeln 
und 
Verfahren 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung 
nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tag vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist 
das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
[und][,] 
(ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Verwahrung 
der 
Globalurkunde durch CBF ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie 
eine 
Kontoverbindung]. 
Für 
die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, 
wie 
es 
bei 
den 
bezeichneten 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than 15 days before the Put 
Redemption 
Date 
on 
which 
such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of any 
Paying Agent an duly early redemption 
notice in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax), in written form or in such other form 
as acceptable to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with the rules and procedures 
of the relevant Clearing System ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is 
received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt time on 
the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] day before 
the Put Redemption Date, the option shall 
not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised[,] [and] (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of such 
Notes, if any [In the case the Global Note 
is kept in custody by CBF, the following 
applies: and (iii) contact details as well as 
a bank account]. The Put Notice may be in 
the form available from the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent [and the Paying 
Agent[s]] in the German and English 
language and includes further information. 
No Note so deposited and option so 
exercised may be withdrawn or revoked.]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent [und der 
Zahlstelle[n]] in deutscher und englischer 
Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere 
Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Eine 
so hinterlegte Schuldverschreibung kann 
nicht zurückgefordert und die Ausübung 
des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden.] 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent und die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent and their 
respective initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle behalten sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen in demselben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent reserve 
the right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder 
einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und 
einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche 
oder andere Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird jedoch zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] 
einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf US-Dollar lautende 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5(1) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung 
oder 
des 
Empfangs 
der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, 
wo eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) 
nur wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß [§ 14] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal 
Agent [In the case of Notes denominated in 
U.S. dollars the following applies: and (ii) if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying 
Agents outside the United States (as defined in 
§ 5(1) hereof) become illegal or are effectively 
precluded 
because 
of 
the 
imposition 
of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der 
Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren gleich 
welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder in Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es 
sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren 
Fall wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem 
Abzug oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag 
jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen 
entspricht, die ihm zustehen würden, wenn der 
Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht erforderlich wäre. 
Solche zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren, die 
Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf 
of Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to 
tax, unless such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts ("Additional 
Amounts") as may be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Holder after 
such deduction or withholding shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would have been receivable had no such 
deduction or withholding been required. No such 
additional amounts shall, however, be payable 
on account of any taxes, duties or governmental 
charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as 
custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher 
oder 
geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen 
des 
Gläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, 
or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, 
or are secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren Besteuerung, an der Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, 
or 
(ii) 
any 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding relating to such taxation and 
to which Germany or the European Union is 
a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar 
sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law 
that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment of principal or 
interest becomes due, or is duly provided

--- Page 67 ---
67 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird. 
for, and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
whichever occurs later. 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls einer der folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag, vorbehaltlich 
§ 5 Absatz 5; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
subject to § 5(5), or 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such 
failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 60 days after the 
Issuer has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig zahlbar 
wird 
aufgrund 
einer 
Nicht- 
oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin 
einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder 
im 
Gegenwert 
von 
mehr 
als 
EUR 25.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben 
wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer 
Fälligkeit 
bzw. 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
nachkommt, es sei denn die Emittentin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist 
bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, 
oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten 
bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den 
(c) any 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
(as defined in § 3) of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a 
default in respect of the terms thereof, or the 
Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 
or 
the 
equivalent thereof under any Capital Market 
Indebtedness or under any guarantee or 
suretyship given for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness of others within 30 days from 
its due date or, in the case of a guarantee 
or suretyship, within 30 days after the 
guarantee or suretyship has been invoked, 
unless the Issuer, shall contest in good faith 
that such payment obligation exists or is 
due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or 
by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) 
in 
Anspruch genommen wird, oder 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren 
einleitet 
oder 
beantragt, oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings, or 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, 
oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may 
be, in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer 
die Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von 
ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
(g) any 
governmental 
order, 
decree 
or 
enactment shall be made in or by Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from 
observing 
and 
performing in full 
its 
obligations as set forth in these Terms and 
Conditions and this situation is not cured 
within 90 days. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 
1(d), 
1(e), 
1(f) 
oder 
1(g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von 
Schuldverschreibungen im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von mindestens 1/10 der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the events 
specified in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), 
(1)(e), (1)(f) or (1)(g) entitling Holders to declare 
their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Issuer has received such notices 
from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder 
Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und 
an die jeweils bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu 
übermitteln. 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any 
notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the 
specified office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal

--- Page 69 ---
69 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen Genehmigungen erlangt hat 
und berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die 
zur Erfüllung ihrer Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, in dem 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, erhobene 
Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency and without being obligated to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties 
of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor has its domicile 
or tax residence, all amounts required for 
the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung 
aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
and such guarantee contains a covenant by 
the 
guarantor 
corresponding 
to 
the 
provisions in § 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der 
Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance 
Programms der Emittentin [Falls die 
Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt 
Issuance Programme of the Issuer [If the 
provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following 
applies: (of which the provisions set out 
below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, an der die Deutsche 
Telekom AG direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90 % des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder 
der Stimmrechte hält. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom AG 
directly or indirectly in the aggregate holds not 
less than 90 per cent. of the capital of any class 
or of the voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung 
wird gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall 
be published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin 
ab 
dem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
als 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer 
to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und 
jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, ab 
diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor. 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE  
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle 
Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn 
die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 
2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with 
regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by 
resolution 
with 
the 
majority 
specified 
in 
subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders are 
void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 
bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the 
Terms and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters listed in 
§ 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of 
Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in 
accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung 
wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten 
Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung 
aufgefordert 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by 
a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the 
Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. 
An 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe 
des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils 
seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated 
in the Terms and Conditions, the following

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für 
alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights 
on behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed 
in the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Gläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. 
Soweit 
er 
zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions 
of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall 
not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Holders' Representative 
shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(7) 
Änderung 
der 
Garantie. 
Die 
oben 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß 
für jede Garantie im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) 
Amendment 
of 
the 
Guarantee. 
The 
provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee 
provided in relation to the Notes.] 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu 
kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder 
beim 
Fiscal 
Agent 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch 
öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold 
or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders for such Notes must be made available 
to all Holders of such Notes alike.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.LuxSE.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Any notice so 
given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such 
publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet 
sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as 
any Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been validly given on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been validly given on 
the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen 
in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 
Absatz [5]] an den Fiscal Agent geleitet werden. 
Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing 
System in der von dem Fiscal Agent und dem 
Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise 
erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by 
any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form to be lodged together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in 
accordance with [§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given through the Clearing 
System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
bestimmen 
sich 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. 
Die deutschen Gerichte sind nicht ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
unterwirft sich hiermit der Gerichtsbarkeit der 
nach diesem Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The non-
exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes shall be Frankfurt am Main. The 
German 
courts 
shall 
have 
non-exclusive 
jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or 
destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby submits to 
the jurisdiction of the courts referred to in this 
subparagraph. 
(4) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, der 
diese über ein Clearing System hält, darf in 
jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in 
jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf 
der folgenden Grundlage schützen oder geltend 
machen: (i) Er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er 
legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle 
des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
Globalurkunde oder der Einzelurkunde in einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im 
Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Kreditinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held 
through a Clearing System may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of 
the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global or definitive form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of 
the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production 
in such proceedings of the actual records or the 
global Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen wird bei der Deutsche 
Telekom Aktiengesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-
Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] 
[den] Zahlstelle[n] zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with floating interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Deutsche Telekom 
AG ("Deutsche Telekom AG" oder 
die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und 
ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche 
Telekom AG" or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[In case the Global Note is an NGN the 
following 
applies: 
(subject 
to 
§ 1 
(6))] 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) and is 
divided into [Number of Notes] Notes in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber 
und sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung des Eigentumsrechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
in einer vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind 
ausgetauscht. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, as provided below, for Notes 
in the Specified Denomination represented 
by 
a 
permanent 
global 
Note 
(the 
"Permanent 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
austauschbar, 
der 
nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
liegt 
und 
zwar 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
durch den jeweiligen Kontoinhaber bei dem 
Clearing System sowie durch das Clearing 
System bei dem Fiscal Agent, in der zu 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
from a date (the "Exchange Date") not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue 
of the Temporary Global Note upon delivery 
by the relevant account holder to the 
Clearing System, and by the Clearing 
System to the Fiscal Agent, of certificates in 
the form acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for 
such purpose, to the effect that the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
diesem Zweck für den Fiscal Agent 
akzeptablen Form und in denen bescheinigt 
ist, dass der bzw. die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind, ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, 
die 
im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) 
geliefert 
werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, die im Austausch für 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, werden ausschließlich außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) ausgeliefert. 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding through such financial institutions) 
as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in subparagraph (1) of § 5). Any 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
delivered 
in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in subparagraph (1) of 
§ 5). 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this 
§ 1 shall be made free of charge to the Holders 
of the Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent.  
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende 
Globalurkunde wird von einem oder im Namen 
eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: sowohl] [Clearstream Banking AG 
("CBF")][,][als auch] [Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")] 
und 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each 
of] [Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and 
any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und 
von einem common safekeeper im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the amount of Notes so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung 
und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass, nach 
dieser Eintragung, vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben 
und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global 
Note or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den hinterlegten Schuldverschreibungen, und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited 
with any Clearing System or other central 
securities 
depositary, 
any 
holder 
of 
a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes so deposited, and 
otherwise the bearer of a Note. 
"Zahlstelle" 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
in 
seiner 
Eigenschaft als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre 
nachstehend in § 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, 
die in § 7 genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine 
gemäß § 7 ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere 
Zahlstelle. 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its 
office specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) 
specified in § 7, or any substitute or additional 
paying agent appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie und 
schließen, wenn der Zusammenhang dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references 
to Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen jede Nachfolge-Währung ein, die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder 
durch 
eine 
zwischen-staatliche 
Vereinbarung 
eingeführt 
wird 
(die 
"Nachfolgewährung"), sofern Zahlungen in der 
ursprünglichen 
Währung 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten. 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" 
shall include any successor currency provided 
for by the laws in force in the jurisdiction where 
the Specified Currency is issued or pursuant to 
intergovernmental agreement or treaty (a 
"Successor Currency") to the extent that 
payment in the predecessor currency is no 
longer a legal means of payment by the Issuer 
on the Notes. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER 
EMITTENTIN 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER  
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur 
bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, weder ihr 
gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen 
ganz oder teilweise in irgendeiner Weise zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
So long as any of the Notes remains 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts 
of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or 
future assets as security for any present or future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
issued 
or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von 
der Emittentin oder einer anderen Person 
eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, zu belasten 
oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem Zweck 
bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit im gleichen 
Rang und gleichen Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen. "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede 
Verbindlichkeit zur Zahlung aufgenommener 
Gelder, die durch Schuldscheine verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert 
oder gehandelt werden oder werden können. 
Um etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände 
der 
Emittentin ein, die nach dem jeweils auf die 
Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert sind. 
guaranteed by the Issuer or by any other person, 
without at the same time having the Holders 
share equally and rateably in such security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in 
the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes or other securities which are, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange or other recognised 
securities market. For the purposes of avoiding 
any doubt in respect of asset-backed financings 
originated by the Issuer, the expression "assets" 
as used in this § 3 does not include assets of the 
Issuer that are sold on a non-recourse basis 
determined in accordance with the civil law 
applicable to such transaction. 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Höhe ihres Gesamtnennbetrages ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
verzinst. Die Zinsen sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar.  
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount from (and including) 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest Commencement Date"). Interest 
on the Notes shall be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date.  
"Zinszahlungstag" in diesem Sinne ist 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies 
[jeweils [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following 
applies 
[(sofern 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der Tag, der [Anzahl] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[anderer 
festgelegter 
Zeitraum/andere 
festgelegte 
Zeiträume] 
nach 
dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt oder, im 
Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided 
in these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] 
[weeks] [months] [other specified period(s)] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date.] 
(b) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein 
Geschäftstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag: 
(b) If any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: 
Bei 
Anwendung 
der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahlungstag 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
the Interest Payment Date shall be brought

--- Page 80 ---
80 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
Bei Anwendung der FRN (Floating Rate Note –variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Konvention 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the FRN Convention the following applies 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
(i) 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und 
(ii) 
ist 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl] 
[Monate] nach dem vorangegangenen 
gültigen Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which 
falls [number] [months] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
Bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Following Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.] 
Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Preceding Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf den unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
[brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding Business Day.] 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag an dem 
das Clearing System 
"Business Day" means a day on which the 
Clearing System 
Im Fall, dass Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
relevanten Finanzzentren geöffnet sein sollen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets relevant financial centres shall be open the 
following applies 
[[und][,] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen abwickeln [.] [und]] 
[[and][,] 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange 
markets 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)] settle payments [.] [and]] 
Im Fall, dass T2 offen sein soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case T2 shall be open the following applies 
[und alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") 
geöffnet sind, um die betreffenden Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
[and all relevant parts of the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
or any successor/replacement system ("T2") are 
operational to forward the relevant payment.] 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
per 
annum, 
der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the 
"Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be a rate per annum equal to 
the Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)]. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt vorbehaltlich 
§ 4 Absatz (5) an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag 
den jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe 
dieses § 4 Absatz (2). 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 4 (5), 
determine the relevant Reference Rate in 
accordance with this § 4 (2) on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird 
wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period 
will be determined as follows: 
Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede 
Zinsperiode 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period will be the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, aber kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, ist der 
Referenzsatz der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear 
on the Screen Page as at such time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, but no 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day preceding the 
relevant Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder 
nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 4 Absatz (5) (h) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
gemäß 
§ 4 Absatz (5) 
bestimmt. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as defined in § 4 (5) (h)) 
will be determined in accordance with § 4 (5). 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen 
beliebigen Tag entspricht dem [entsprechende 
Anzahl an Monaten einfügen] Monats Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
the [insert applicable number of months]-month 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) appearing on the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum 
ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab einem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2 Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Tag 
(außer 
einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") 
betriebsbereit ist.  
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second 
T2 
Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which the real time 
gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor/replacement 
system ("T2") is operational. 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per 
annum.] 
["Margin" means [percentage] per cent. per 
annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
welche 
die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of 
Reuters or such other information service which 
is 
the 
successor 
Reuters 
screen 
page 
EURIBOR01. 
Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(3) Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
niedriger 
ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(4) Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(4) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
(5) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn die Emittentin 
feststellt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin diesen 
Umstand 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle und gemäß § 
12 den Gläubigern mitteilen und gilt für die 
Bestimmung des jeweiligen Referenzsatzes 
Folgendes: 
(5) Benchmark Event. If the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation 
to the Original Benchmark Rate, the Issuer will 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 12, 
the Holders thereof, and the relevant Reference 
Rate will be determined as follows 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird 
sich bemühen, sobald wie möglich einen 
Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall 
endeavour to appoint an Independent 
Adviser as soon as possible, who will 
determine a New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments. 
(b) Wenn 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, 
(i) die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen 
Berater ernennt; oder 
(i) the 
Issuer 
fails 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater 
keinen Neuen Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an dem letzten 
zurückliegenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable 
to 
the 
immediately following Interest Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 4 Absatz (5) (b) bereits an dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag vor Beginn der ersten 
Zinsperiode zur Anwendung kommt, entspricht 
der Referenzsatz für die erste Zinsperiode [dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] 
[[•] % per annum]. 
If this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied on the Interest 
Determination Date prior to the commencement 
of the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period shall be [the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on 
the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed] [[•] per cent. per annum]. 
Falls 
der 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (b) zur Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 4 Absatz (5) erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied, § 4 (5) will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next following Interest Period. 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(i) dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser 
(i) there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, 
then such Successor Benchmark Rate

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz in der Folge 
anstelle 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich; oder 
shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) dass 
es 
keinen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz in der Folge 
an 
Stelle 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich, 
(ii) there is no Successor Benchmark Rate 
but 
that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, then such Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, 
und der Referenzsatz entspricht für alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden (x) dem betreffenden 
Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the all 
following Interest Periods will be (x) the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, plus (y) the Adjustment 
Spread. 
(d) Anpassungsspanne. 
Die 
Anpassungsspanne 
(wie 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (g) definiert) wird auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet, um den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz zu bestimmen. 
(d) Adjustment Spread. The Adjustment Spread 
(as defined in § 4 (5) (g)) shall be applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in order to 
determine the relevant Reference Rate. 
(e) Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein Neuer 
Benchmarksatz und die entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) festgelegt werden und der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
dieser Bedingungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten (diese 
Änderungen 
werden 
als 
"Benchmark-
Änderungen" bezeichnet), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
festlegen und die Emittentin diese durch 
eine Mitteilung gemäß § 4 Absatz (5) (f) 
bekanntmachen. 
(e) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant 
New Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread are determined in 
accordance with this § 4 (5), and if the 
Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments"), then the 
Independent Adviser will determine the 
Benchmark Amendments in its reasonable 
discretion and the Issuer will give notice 
thereof in accordance with § 4 (5) (f). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Änderungen umfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may include 
without limitation amendments to be made to: 
(i) des 
Referenzsatzes 
und/oder 
(in 
Ersetzung von § 4 Absatz (2) (b) und 
(c)) der Methode zur Bestimmung des 
Ausweichsatzes (sog. fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz; und/oder 
(i) the 
Reference 
Rate 
and/or 
(in 
replacement of § 4(2)(b) and (c)) the 
method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference Rate; and/or 
(ii) der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz 
vorwärts- 
oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(ii) the definitions of the terms "Screen 
Page", 
"Business 
Day", 
"Interest 
Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Day 
Count 
Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including 
the 
determination whether the Reference 
Rate will be determined on a forward 
looking or a backward looking basis); 
and/or 
(iii) der 
Zahltag-Bestimmung 
gemäß 
§ 5 Absatz (5). 
(iii) the payment business day condition in 
§ 5 (5).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(f) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen so bald nach deren 
Feststellung wie (nach billigem Ermessen 
der Emittentin) praktikabel dem Fiscal 
Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle 
und gemäß § 12 den Gläubigern mitteilen. 
Eine solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(f) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with § 12, 
the Holders as soon as such notification is 
(in the Issuer's reasonable discretion) 
practicable 
following 
the 
determination 
thereof. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Effective Date. 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen, die jeweils in der Mitteilung 
benannt werden, sind für die Emittentin, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend. Die Bedingungen gelten ab 
dem 
Stichtag 
als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und die 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), each as specified in such notice, will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. The Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been amended by the 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the Effective Date. 
(g) Definitionen. 
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5): 
(g) Definitions. As used in this § 4 (5): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ 
oder gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die 
Spanne oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der 
Spanne, 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be 
positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in 
basis points and means either (a) the spread or 
(b) the result of the operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the spread, 
(i) die 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
von 
einem 
Normierungsgremium 
im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes durch 
den Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz förmlich 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(i) which in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor Benchmark 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(ii) die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet 
wird, 
um 
einen 
branchenweit 
akzeptierten Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz zu 
erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
(ii) which (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) is applied 
to 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
international 
debt 
capital 
markets 
transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement reference rate for 
the Original Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be made by 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
in 
its 
reasonable discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which is 
customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency, provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Unabhängigen Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (e) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning 
given to it in § 4 (5) (e). 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) eine wesentliche Änderung der bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode 
für die Feststellung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes; oder 
(i) a material alteration of the methodology 
as used by the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate as of the 
Interest Commencement Date for the 
determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
länger 
repräsentativ oder branchenweit für mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vergleichbare 
Fremdkapitalmarktinstrumente 
akzeptiert ist; oder 
(ii) a public statement by the supervisor of 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate that the Original 
Benchmark Rate has ceased to be 
representative or an industry accepted 
rate for debt market instruments such 
as, or comparable to the Notes; or 
(iii) den Umstand, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht oder nicht fortgeführt wird; 
oder 
(iii) the Original Benchmark Rate ceasing to 
be published on a regular basis or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dahingehend, dass 
dieser 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird (in 
Fällen 
in 
denen 
kein 
Nachfolge-
Administrator ernannt worden ist, der 
die 
weitere 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vornehmen wird); oder 
(iv) a public statement by the administrator 
of the Original Benchmark Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease 
publishing the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
(in 
circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that 
will continue the publication of the 
Original Benchmark Rate); or 
(v) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wurde oder 
wird; oder 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, that the Original 
Benchmark Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(vi) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
infolge 
deren 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz allgemein oder in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
mehr verwendet wird bzw. verwendet 
werden darf; oder 
(vi) a public statement by the supervisor of 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate as a consequence of 
which the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been or will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the 
relevant Notes; or 
(vii) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
(vii) it 
has 
become 
unlawful 
for 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any

--- Page 86 ---
86 
zur Berechnung oder Bestimmung des 
Referenzsatzes 
für 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder 
einen Dritten rechtswidrig geworden ist., 
other party to calculate or determine any 
Reference Rate using the Original 
Benchmark Rate, 
wobei für die Zwecke von (i) bis (iii) eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode für die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Administrator der 
Einstellung 
bzw. 
Nichtfortführung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes gleichsteht. 
provided that for the purposes of (i) through (iii), 
a material alteration of the methodology used by 
the 
administrator 
on 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date for the determination of 
the Original Benchmark Rate will be deemed as 
cessation and discontinuation, respectively, of 
the Original Benchmark Rate. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium 
förmlich 
empfohlen 
wurde. 
"Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
a 
successor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
be-zeichnet 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant 
Nominating 
Body" 
means, 
in 
respect of the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zuständig ist; oder 
(i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the Original Benchmark Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jedes Komitee, 
die bzw. das von (I) der Zentralbank für 
die Währung, in der der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird, (II) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht 
des Administrators des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist, (III) 
einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt oder gebildet 
wird. 
(ii) any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (I) the 
central bank for the currency to which 
the Original Benchmark Rate relates, (II) 
any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which 
is responsible 
for 
supervising the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, (III) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or (IV) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Stichtag" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (h) 
festgelegte Bedeutung. 
"Effective Date" has the meaning specified in 
§ 4 (5) (h). 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin 
bestelltes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem Ansehen oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung in internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced 
in the international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer. 
(h) Der Stichtag für die Anwendung dieses 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (der "Stichtag") ist: 
(h) The effective date for the application of this 
§ 4 (5) (the "Effective Date") will be:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(i) der Tag, an dem die wesentliche 
Änderung der Methode wirksam wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (i) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmarck-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (i) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date 
on which the material alteration of the 
methodology takes effect; or 
(ii) der Tag der öffentlichen Stellungnahme 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (ii) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (ii) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
the public statement by the supervisor of 
the 
Administrator 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(iii) der Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-
Ereignisses, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (iii) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (iii) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event; 
or 
(iv) der Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird bzw. an dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze (iv) oder 
(v) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(iv) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (iv) or (v) of the 
definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date of cessation of 
publication of the Original Benchmark 
Rate or of the discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, as the case 
may be; or 
(v) der Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (vi) 
oder (vii) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(v) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as 
a result of clause (vi) or (vii) of the 
definition of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which the 
prohibition applies. 
(i) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt 
dieser § 4 Absatz (5) entsprechend für die 
Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
(i) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
any New Benchmark Rate, § 4 (5) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the replacement 
of such New Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. 
[(6)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu 
- oder baldmöglichst nach - jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in 
Bezug auf den festgelegten Nennbetrag (der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, 
indem 
der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf 
den 
festgelegten 
Nennbetrag 
angewendet 
werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die 
kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- 
oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(6)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below) to the Specified 
Denomination and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
[(7)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz, 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin 
und 
den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am 
vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
[T2] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 4 Absatz 1 definiert) 
sowie jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert werden und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung 
an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode, mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag nachträglich angepasst (oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
umgehend 
allen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert werden, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß 
[§ 14] mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
notification of the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and of 
the applicable Interest Payment Date to the 
Issuer and to the Holders in accordance with 
[§ 14] 
as 
soon 
as 
possible 
after 
their 
determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth [T2] [relevant financial centre(s)] 
Business Day (as defined in § 4(1)) thereafter 
and, if required by the rules of such stock 
exchange, to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the first day of the applicable Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended 
(or 
appropriate 
alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Holders in accordance with [§ 14]. 
[(8)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 4 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und 
die Gläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this § 4 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. 
[(9)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sollte die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlösen, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen erst mit Ablauf des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz ist der 
gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen.9 
[(9)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease 
to bear interest from the expiry of the day 
preceding the day on which they are due for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes beyond the due date until 
the expiry of the day preceding the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes. The applicable Rate of 
Interest will be the default rate of interest 
established by law.10 
[(10)] 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(10)] 
Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period") 
 
9 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
10 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Im Falle von Actual/360 ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/360 the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf die Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States. 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift für die betreffenden Kontoinhaber des 
Clearing Systems außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph 
(3), to the Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung 
gemäß 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
(b) 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, outside the 
United States, upon due certification as provided 
in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal 
Revenue 
Code 
von 
1986 
(der 
"Code") 
beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 
1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen 
aufgrund 
dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen oder geschlossener Abkommen, 
etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von 
Gesetzen 
zur 
Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen 
in der festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Zurückweisung von geschuldeten Beträgen 
durch das Clearingsystem. Soweit und so lange 
das Clearingsystem die Zahlung eines im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen geschuldeten Betrags 
aus Gründen, die von der Emittentin nicht zu 
vertreten sind, zurückweist (oder gegenüber der 
Emittentin oder einer Zahlstelle erklärt, die 
Zahlung aus solchen Gründen zurückweisen zu 
wollen), gerät die Emittentin mit einer sich 
hieraus ergebenden Nichtzahlung nicht in 
Verzug. 
(5) Rejection of Amounts Due by Clearing 
System. To the extent that and as long as the 
Clearing System rejects (or declares to the 
Issuer or any Paying Agent that it will reject) any 
payment of any amount due under these Notes 
for reasons which the Issuer is not responsible 
for, the Issuer shall not be in default in respect of 
any resulting non-payment. 
(6) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in 
§ 4(1), keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(6) Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day then the 
Holder, subject to § 4(1), shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen 
Tag, der ein Geschäftsstag ist.  
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a Business Day. 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 8 
zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(7) References to Principal and Interest. 
Reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 8. 
(8) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(8) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not 
claimed by Holders within twelve months after 
the Maturity Date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
an 
dem 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
dem Nennbetrag. 
Final Redemption Amount on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] 
(the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount.  
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent und gemäß [§ 14] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem [Tag der Begebung] wirksam) zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 8 
dieser Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet 
sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehender und ihr zumutbarer Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or 
after [Issue Date], the Issuer will become 
obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor 
less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
[§ 14] to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin 
erfolgen, 
an 
dem 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
zu zahlen, und (ii) zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. Der für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to 
pay such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time 
such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
The date fixed for redemption must be an 
Interest Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und 
eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, 
welche 
die 
Umstände 
darlegt, 
die 
das 
Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründen. 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, 
must specify the date fixed for redemption and 
must set forth a statement in summary form of 
the facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei einem geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount, the following applies 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben 
wurde, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu zahlen. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary, the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 60 
days' notice to the Holders of Notes redeem, at 
its option, the remaining Notes as a whole at 
their Final Redemption Amount, together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding). 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und muss den für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin enthalten.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, 
and must specify the date fixed for redemption.] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Rückzahlungs-
betrag zurückzuzahlen ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at Final Redemption amount the 
following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder 
ein "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)") zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date following [number] years 
after the Interest Commencement Date and 
on each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
(each a "Call Redemption Date") at the 
Final Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the respective Call Redemption Date. 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal 
Agent bekannt zu geben (die Kündigung 
gegenüber 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
hat 
mindestens 2 Geschäftstage vor der 
Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
erfolgen). Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal 
Agent (the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be 
given not less than 2 Business Days before 
the giving of notice to the Holders). Such 
notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the 
Series 
of 
Notes 
subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden verbrieft sind, die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
and, if the Notes are represented by 
Definitive Notes, the serial numbers of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL 
und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder 
als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate 
principal amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Falls der Fiscal Agent als Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation 
Agent the following applies 
[Der Fiscal Agent handelt auch als 
Berechnungsstelle.] 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation 
Agent.] 
Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die 
nicht der Fiscal Agent ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to 
be appointed the following applies 
[Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfängliche 
Geschäftsstelle lauten: 
[The Calculation Agent and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Name 
und 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
Calculation Agent 
[name and specified 
office]] 
Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen 
in 
demselben 
Land 
zu 
ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder 
einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen 
Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird jedoch zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf 
US-Dollar lautende Schuldverschreibungen 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] 
a Fiscal Agent [In the case of Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars the following 
applies: and (ii) if payments at or through the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) falls 
Zahlungen 
bei 
den 
oder 
durch 
die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5(1) definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung 
oder 
des 
Empfangs 
der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten 
[und] [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle [Falls die 
Berechnungsstelle 
eine 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen 
Ort haben muss ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebener 
Ort]]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, wo eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) nur 
wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
[§ 14] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States (as defined in § 5(1) hereof) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City], [and] 
[(iii)] a Calculation Agent [If Calculation Agent 
is required to maintain a specified office in a 
required location the following applies: with a 
specified office located in [required location]]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Holders in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle[n] 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act 
solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren gleich 
welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder in Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es 
sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren 
Fall wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem 
Abzug oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag 
jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen 
entspricht, die ihm zustehen würden, wenn der 
Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht erforderlich wäre. 
Solche zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht 
zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren, die 
Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf 
of Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to 
tax, unless such deduction or withholding is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts ("Additional 
Amounts") as may be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Holder after 
such deduction or withholding shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would have been receivable had no such 
deduction or withholding been required. No such 
additional amounts shall, however, be payable 
on account of any taxes, duties or governmental 
charges which

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as 
custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher 
oder 
geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen 
des 
Gläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, 
or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect 
of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, 
or are secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren Besteuerung, an der Deutschland 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, 
or 
(ii) 
any 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding relating to such taxation and 
to which Germany or the European Union is 
a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar 
sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder 
Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird. 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law 
that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment of principal or 
interest becomes due, or is duly provided 
for, and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
whichever occurs later. 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls einer der folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag, vorbehaltlich 
§ 5 Absatz 5; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
subject to § 5(5), or

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which 
failure is not capable of remedy or, if such 
failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 60 days after the 
Issuer has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig zahlbar 
wird 
aufgrund 
einer 
Nicht- 
oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin 
einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder 
im 
Gegenwert 
von 
mehr 
als 
EUR 25.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben 
wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer 
Fälligkeit 
bzw. 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
nachkommt, es sei denn die Emittentin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist 
bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, 
oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten 
bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) 
in 
Anspruch genommen wird, oder 
(c) any 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
(as defined in § 3) of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a 
default in respect of the terms thereof, or the 
Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 
or 
the 
equivalent thereof under any Capital Market 
Indebtedness or under any guarantee or 
suretyship given for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness of others within 30 days from 
its due date or, in the case of a guarantee 
or suretyship, within 30 days after the 
guarantee or suretyship has been invoked, 
unless the Issuer, shall contest in good faith 
that such payment obligation exists or is 
due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or 
by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
(d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren 
einleitet 
oder 
beantragt, oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for 
or institutes such proceedings, or  
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft und diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, 
oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may 
be, in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in Deutschland irgendein Gesetz, eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer 
die Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von 
ihr gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen 
(g) any 
governmental 
order, 
decree 
or 
enactment shall be made in or by Germany 
whereby the Issuer is prevented from 
observing 
and 
performing in full 
its 
obligations as set forth in these Terms and

--- Page 97 ---
97 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
Conditions and this situation is not cured 
within 90 days. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 
1(d), 
1(e), 
1(f) 
oder 
1(g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von 
Schuldverschreibungen im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von mindestens 1/10 der dann ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the events 
specified in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), 
(1)(e), (1)(f) or (1)(g) entitling Holders to declare 
their Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Issuer has received such notices 
from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder 
Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und 
an die jeweils bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu 
übermitteln. 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any 
notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the 
specified office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent. 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der 
Emittentin 
an 
ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen Genehmigungen erlangt hat 
und berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die 
zur Erfüllung ihrer Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, in dem 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, erhobene 
Steuern oder sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency and without being obligated to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties 
of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor has its domicile 
or tax residence, all amounts required for 
the fulfilment of the payment obligations 
arising under the Notes;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung 
aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes 
and such guarantee contains a covenant by 
the 
guarantor 
corresponding 
to 
the 
provisions in § 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der 
Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance 
Programms der Emittentin [Falls die 
Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Negative Pledge of the Debt 
Issuance Programme of the Issuer [If the 
provisions with respect to resolutions of 
holders are applicable, the following 
applies: (of which the provisions set out 
below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes shall 
apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, an der die Deutsche 
Telekom AG direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90 % des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder 
der Stimmrechte hält 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom AG 
directly or indirectly in the aggregate holds not 
less than 90 per cent. of the capital of any class 
or of the voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung 
wird gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall 
be published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin 
ab 
dem 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und 
jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, ab 
diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme auf das 
Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer 
to the Substitute Debtor and any reference to the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on 
be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor. 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE  
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 
2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") 
the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with 
regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by 
resolution 
with 
the 
majority 
specified 
in 
subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders are 
void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged

--- Page 99 ---
99 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle 
Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn 
die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
have expressly consented to their being treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an 
der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 
bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the 
Terms and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters listed in 
§ 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of 
Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in 
accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung 
wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten 
Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung 
aufgefordert 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by 
a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the 
Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. 
An 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe 
des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils 
seiner Berechtigung an den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für 
alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated 
in the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights 
on behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das 
Zehnfache 
seiner 
jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed 
in the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Gläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Gläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. 
Soweit 
er 
zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger 
ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions 
of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall 
not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Holders' Representative

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
(7) 
Änderung 
der 
Garantie. 
Die 
oben 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß 
für jede Garantie im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) 
Amendment 
of 
the 
Guarantee. 
The 
provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to any guarantee 
provided in relation to the Notes.] 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu 
kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder 
beim 
Fiscal 
Agent 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch 
öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold 
or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders for such Notes must be made available 
to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.LuxSE.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Any notice so 
given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such 
publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet 
sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Mitteilung 
den 
Zinssatz 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betrifft 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as 
any Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the 
Rate of Interest of Floating Rate Notes or, if the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 101 ---
101 
oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been validly given on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been validly given on 
the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die 
von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen 
in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder 
schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 
Absatz [5]] an den Fiscal Agent geleitet werden. 
Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing 
System in der von dem Fiscal Agent und dem 
Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise 
erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by 
any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form to be lodged together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in 
accordance with [§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. 
Such notice may be given through the Clearing 
System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such 
purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen 
sich 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. 
Die deutschen Gerichte sind nicht ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
unterwirft sich hiermit der Gerichtsbarkeit der 
nach diesem Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
(3) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. The non 
exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes shall be Frankfurt am Main. The 
German 
courts 
shall 
have 
non-exclusive 
jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or 
destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby submits to 
the jurisdiction of the courts referred to in this 
subparagraph. 
(4) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, der 
diese über ein Clearing System hält, darf in 
jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in 
jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf 
(4) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held 
through a Clearing System may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder

--- Page 102 ---
102 
der folgenden Grundlage schützen oder geltend 
machen: (i) Er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er 
legt 
eine 
Kopie 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle 
des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
Globalurkunde oder der Einzelurkunde in einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im 
Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Kreditinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of 
the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global or definitive form certified as 
being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of 
the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production 
in such proceedings of the actual records or the 
global Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen wird bei der Deutsche 
Telekom Aktiengesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-
Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] 
[den] Zahlstelle[n] zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
1[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties[,][and] professional 
clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; 
[EITHER2: and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR 3: (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] 
portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the 
Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable]4.] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien[,][und] professionelle Kunden [und 
Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II") 
umfasst [und [●]]; [ENTWEDER2: und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] 
[ODER3: (ii) alle Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind; und 
(iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind 
– Anlageberatung[,][und] Portfolio-Management[,][und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II 
im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung 
des 
Zielmarkts 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; 
jedoch 
ist 
ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches 
MiFID 
II 
unterliegt, 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens 
unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]4.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,][and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
 
1 
Include this legend if parties have determined a target market. 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a put and/or 
call right). 
Enfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen keine 
Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
4 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA]; and [EITHER2: (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services] [OR3: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] 
[non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels 
[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as 
applicable].4][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,][und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und Kleinanlager im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist] umfasst und [ENTWEDER2: 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] [ODER3: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
Kleinanleger 
angemessen 
sind 
– 
Anlageberatung[,][und] 
Portfolio-Management[,][und] 
[Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS 
im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung 
des 
Zielmarkts 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; 
jedoch 
ist 
ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens 
unter UK MiFIR im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]4.][●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.5] 
 
5 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors".  
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an EWR Kleinanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – 
Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
nicht 
zum 
Angebot, 
zum 
Verkauf 
oder 
zur 
sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger 
Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "IDD"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
(in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der 
Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "PRIIP-Verordnung") erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt und daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der 
PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.5] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft 
und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) 
sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, "FSMA") und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA 
Teil des nationales Rechts ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"), welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, welche durch EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIP-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das 
Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
 
6  Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an UK Kleinanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK PRIIP-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]6 
The Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen können auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) 
eingesehen werden.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Form of Final Terms  
Muster – Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
LEI: 549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original series] issued on [date] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Serie einfügen], begeben am [Datum] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden] 
 
Series: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
Serien: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
 
Issue Date: [●]7  
Tag der Begebung: [●] 
 
issued pursuant to the EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated on 3 April 2025 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 3. April 2025 
Important Notice 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for purposes of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 3 April 2025 [and the supplement(s) dated 
[●]] (the "Prospectus"). The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). Full information 
is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final 
Terms. [A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 8 ] 
 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 3 April 2025 [and the supplement(s) dated 
[●]] (the "Prospectus") as well as Part I of the Final Terms (the "Original Final Terms") and Option I 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Original Terms and Conditions") set forth in the 
Prospectus dated [4 April 2024] (the "Original Prospectus"). The Terms and Conditions set out in Part 
I below have been extracted in whole from the Original Final Terms and replace the final terms set out 
in the Prospectus in whole. The Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Original Prospectus are 
available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). Full information is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms, the Prospectus and any supplement thereto as well as the Original Prospectus. [A summary of 
the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 8] 
 
7 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
8 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 
25 Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. 
Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 3. April 2025 über das Programm ") [und 
dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] (der "Prospekt") zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige 
Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.LuxSE.com) eingesehen werden. Um alle Angaben zu erhalten sind die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine 
Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen angefügt.]8] 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit 
Artikel 25 Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017 in ihrer geänderten Fassung (die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 3. April 2025 über das Programm [und 
dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] (der "Prospekt") zu lesen sowie mit Teil I der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Original-Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") 
und 
Option 
I 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen (die "Original-Emissionsbedingungen"), die im Prospekt vom [4. April 2024] 
(der "Original-Prospekt") enthalten sind, zu lesen. Die in Teil I nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Emissionsbedingungen sind insgesamt den Original-Endgültigen Bedingungen entnommen und 
ersetzen insgesamt die im Prospekt enthaltenen Endgültigen Bedingungen. Der Prospekt, etwaige 
Nachträge und der Original-Prospekt können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) eingesehen werden. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind 
diese Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge sowie der Original-Prospekt im 
Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der Konditionen der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]8]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Part I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I. ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant 
placeholders, insert:9 
A. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:9 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option 
II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, or the Original Terms and Conditions 
insert: 
B. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) oder die Original-
Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with [the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in this 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II][the Original Terms and Conditions]. Capitalised terms shall have 
the meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, 
der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die 
"Anleihebedingungen") zu lesen, der [als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt] [in den Original-
Emissionsbedingungen] enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, 
haben die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
9 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variable dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, 
gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND EIGENTUMSRECHT, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination10 
Währung und Nennbetrag 
Specified Currency 
[     ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[     ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[     ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
[     ] 
Festgelegter Nennbetrag 
[     ] 
Number of Notes to be issued 
[     ] 
Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen 
[     ] 
Clearing System 
 
Clearing System 
 
 Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 Clearstream Banking AG 
 
Global Note11 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
 New Global Note 
 
 Classical Global Note 
 
 
10 The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in 
such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen 
Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
11 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
 
ZINSEN (§ 4) 
 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[     ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
 Initial Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
[     ] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den 
festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[     ] 
Letzter dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin 
[     ] 
 Final Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
[     ] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den 
festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
 Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[     ] 
 Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number][weeks][months][other 
period] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Anzahl][Wochen][Monate][anderer 
Zeitraum] 
Business Day Convention 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[ ][months] 
FRN Konvention (Floating Rate Note) (Zeiträume 
angeben) 
[ ] [Monate]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Business Day 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 relevant financial centre(s) 
[     ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[     ] 
 T2 
 
T2 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 EURIBOR 
 
 Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable number of 
months] 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an Monaten 
angeben] 
Benchmark Event prior to the commencement of the first 
Interest Period (§ 4(5)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date 
on 
which 
such 
Original 
Benchmark Rate was displayed]  
[[●] % per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der ersten Zinsperiode [(§ 
4(5)(b))] 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten 
Tag vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] 
[[●] % per annum] 
Margin 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[ ]% per annum 
 
plus 
 
plus 
 
 
minus 
 
minus 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Day Count Fraction12 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
 annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short 
coupons) 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen 
Kupons) 
 Calculation Period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 Reference period13 
 
Bezugsperiode 
 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 5)14 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Zahlungstag 
 
 relevant financial centre(s) 
[     ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
[     ] 
 T2 
 
T2 
 
 
 
 
12 Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
13 Not applicable in the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons). 
Nicht anwendbar bei Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) mit jährlichen Zinsperioden (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen 
Kupons). 
14 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 6) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date15 
[     ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
[     ] 
Redemption Month16 
[     ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reason 
of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified 
Call Redemption Dates17 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an  
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungstagen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[     ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during 
specified Call Redemption Period(s)18 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
während festgelegter Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Period(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/-zeiträume (Call) 
[     ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[     ] 
 
15 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
16 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
17 Complete for fixed rate Notes if Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during specified Call Redemption Period(s) is 
not applicable. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, wenn Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während 
festgelegter Wahlrückzahlungszeiträume (Call) nicht anwendbar ist. 
18 Complete for fixed rate Notes, if Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption Amount Date(s) 
is not applicable. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, wenn Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin an 
festgelegten Wahlrückzahlungstagen (Call) nicht anwendbar ist.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final 
Redemption Amount19 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date and each Interest 
Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
danach 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at Specified 
Put Redemption Amount(s)20 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Gläubigers zu 
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[     ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[     ] 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 7)21 
EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 7) 
Calculation Agent/specified office 
[     ] 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[     ] 
required location of Calculation Agent (specify) 
[     ] 
vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle (angeben) 
[     ] 
 
 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE ([§ 12]) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER ([§ 12]) 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
 
 Applicable 
 
 
Anwendbar 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger 
und nicht in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
  
Name and address of the Holders' Representative 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
19 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
20 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
21  Complete only if a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed. 
Nur auszufüllen, wenn eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die nicht der Fiscal Agent ist.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 Not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
 
 
NOTICES ([§ 14]) 
 
MITTEILUNGEN ([§ 14]) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) 
 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) 
 Clearing System 
 
 
Clearing System 
 
 
 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS ([§ 16])22 
 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN ([§ 16]) 
 
 German and English (German binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
 English and German (English binding) 
 
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
 English only 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
 German only23 
 
 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
 
22  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, in 
the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, 
however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available 
from the principal office of Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum 
Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden, wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Investoren die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird 
eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich 
Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland erhältlich sein. 
23 Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht am regulierten Markt innerhalb des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Part II. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Teil II. ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
 
A. Essential information 
A. Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
 As far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer, 
except that certain Dealers and their affiliates may be 
customers of, and borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer 
and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment 
banking 
and/or 
commercial 
banking 
transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der 
Emission beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für 
das Angebot bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte 
Platzeure und mit ihnen verbundene Unternehmen 
Kunden von, Kreditnehmer der oder Kreditgeber der 
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein 
können. 
Außerdem 
sind 
bestimmte 
Platzeure 
an 
Investment Banking Transaktionen und/oder Commercial 
Banking Transaktionen mit der Emittentin beteiligt, oder 
könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, und könnten im 
gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen für die 
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 
 Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer24 
[     ] 
Gründe für das Angebot 
[     ] 
Use of proceeds25 
 
Verwendung der Erträge 
 
Estimated net proceeds26 
[     ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[     ] 
Estimated total expenses of the issue27 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
[     ] 
 
24  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
25 Specify use of proceeds for the issue, if different from general financing purposes of Deutsche Telekom AG. 
 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse einfügen, sofern nicht der allgemeinen Unternehmensfinanzierung der Deutsche Telekom AG 
dienend. 
26 If proceeds from Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge durch Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von weniger als EUR 100.000 für 
verschiedene Verwendungszwecke 
bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
27  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
EZB-Fähigkeit: 
 
 Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (NGN)28 
[Yes/No] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified 
as "no" at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass 
"Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer 
Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt 
werden. 
"Ja" 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems 
und der taggleichen Überziehungen 
(intra-day credit operations) des 
Eurosystems 
entweder 
nach 
Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
 
28  Only applicable for Notes in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. 
Select "No" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
 
Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem 
ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service 
provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit 
"Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für 
die Zukunft derart ändern, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein 
werden 
diese 
einzuhalten. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
dann bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt 
werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass dies nicht notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems 
und der taggleichen Überziehungen 
(intra-day credit operations) des 
Eurosystem 
entweder 
nach 
Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
 Not applicable (CGN)29  
 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN) 
 
 Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)30  
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF) 
 
 
[Note that the ticked box means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be 
deposited 
with 
Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt and that this 
does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass 
das Häkchen in dem Kästchen 
 
29  Select if the Notes are in CGN form. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
30  Select if the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer 
Begebung von Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden und 
dass dies nicht notwenigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
ihrer 
Begebung, 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
oder 
während 
ihrer 
gesamten 
Laufzeit als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien 
des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
 
B. Information concerning the Notes to be offered/admitted to trading 
B. Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Securities Identification Numbers 
 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
Common Code 
[     ] 
Common Code 
[     ] 
ISIN Code 
[     ] 
ISIN Code 
[     ] 
German Securities Code 
[     ] 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[     ] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)31] 
[     ] 
[Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN)] 
[     ] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI 
Code)32] 
[     ] 
[Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI 
Code)] 
[     ] 
Any other securities number 
[     ] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
[     ] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility33 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the further 
performance as well as their volatility can be obtained from 
[Not applicable] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
 
31  If the FISN is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der FISN nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
32  If the CFI Code is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der CFI Code nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
33 Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events that effect the EURIBOR rates 
[Not applicable][Please see § 4 of 
the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des 
Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR 
Sätze beeinflussen 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe§ 4 
der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity34 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[    ] % per annum 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organisation representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of 
the website investors may have free access to the contracts 
relating to these forms of representation35 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
Vertretung der Inhaber von Nichtdividendenwerten unter 
Angabe der die Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der 
auf die Vertretung anwendbaren Bestimmungen. Angabe der 
Website, auf der die Öffentlichkeit kostenlos die Verträge 
einsehen kann, die diese Vertretung regeln 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of 
which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, 
welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung der 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of 
the offeror, of the Instruments and/or the person asking for 
admission to trading, including the legal entity identifier (LEI) 
where the offeror has legal personality. 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
 
Sofern der Anbieter nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent 
ist, Angabe der Identität und der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters 
der Schuldverschreibungen und/oder der die Zulassung zum 
Handel beantragenden Person einschließlich der 
Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), falls der Anbieter 
Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
 
C. Terms and Conditions of the Offer36 
 
C. Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots  
 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and 
actions required to apply for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter 
Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
34 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Nur bei festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
35  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 12 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 12 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
36 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Total amount of the Notes offered to the public/admitted to 
trading. If the amount is not fixed, an indication of the 
maximum amount of the Notes to be offered (if available) and 
a description of the arrangements and time for announcing to 
the public the definitive amount of the offer. 
[specify details] 
Gesamtemissionsvolumen der öffentlich angebotenen/zum 
Handel zugelassenen Schuldverschreibungen. Ist das 
Emissionsvolumen nicht festgelegt, Angabe des maximalen 
Emissionsvolumens der anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen (sofern verfügbar) und Beschreibung 
der Vereinbarungen und des Zeitpunkt für die Ankündigung 
des endgültigen Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open and description of the application 
process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der 
das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für 
die Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu 
viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application, (whether in number of notes or aggregate 
amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for 
delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und 
ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made 
public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
the negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, 
die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung 
der nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment37 
[Not applicable] 
 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren 
Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of 
two or more countries and if a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain of these, indicate any such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder 
mehrerer Länder und wurde/wird eine bestimmte Tranche 
einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted 
and indication whether dealing may begin before notification 
is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten 
Betrags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor 
dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 Pricing38 
[Not applicable] 
 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Kurs, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / 
purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 Placing and underwriting39 
 
 
Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to 
the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place 
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des 
globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – 
sofern der Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu 
den Plazeuren in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.5 Public Offer Jurisdiction 
 
 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable]  
[Republic of Austria] [Federal 
Republic of Germany] [Republic of 
Ireland] [Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg] [the Netherlands] 
[Specify further Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) where 
the Prospectus and any 
 
37 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
38 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
39 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
supplements have been 
passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfinden 
kann 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Republik Österreich] 
[Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[Republik Irland] 
[Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [die 
Niederlande] 
[Weitere(n) relevante(n) 
Mitgliedsstaat(en) einfügen – Dieser 
muss eine/diese müssen 
Jurisdiktionen sein, in die der 
Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge 
notifiziert wurden] 
Method of distribution 
[Specify details] 
Vertriebsmethode 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Non-syndicated 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription Agreement40 
 
Übernahmevertrag 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
[     ] 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrags 
[     ] 
Management Details including form of commitment41 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
 Firm commitment 
[     ] 
 
Feste Zusage 
[     ] 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[     ] 
 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
[     ] 
Commissions42 
 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[     ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[     ] 
 
40 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
41 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
42 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[     ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[     ] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors43 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Kleinanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors44 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Kleinanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keine] 
 
 
D. Admission to trading 
 
D. Zulassung zum Handel 
 
Admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Date of admission 
[     ] 
Termin der Zulassung 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading45 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[     ] 
Regulated markets, third country markets or MTFs on which, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of 
the notes to be offered or admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading.46 
 
Angabe geregelter Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte der MTFs auf 
denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen 
der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind. 
 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 [     ] 
 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
[ ] % 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify details] 
 
43 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
44 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der UK PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
45 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
46 In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften und 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
 
E. Additional Information 
E. Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating47 
[     ] 
Rating 
[     ] 
[The Notes are expected to be rated.] 
[Es wird erwartet, dass den Schuldverschreibungen ein Rating erteilt wird.] 
[Listing and Admission to Trading:48 
 
Börseneinführung und Zulassung: 
 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required to list this issue of Notes pursuant to the 
EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Deutsche Telekom AG (as from [insert Issue 
Date of the Notes]). 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung dieser 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme 
der Deutsche Telekom AG (ab dem [Tag der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) 
erforderlich sind.] 
 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus49 
F. Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der 
für die Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further financial 
intermediaries can be made and any other clear and 
objective conditions attached to the consent. 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung 
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die 
Platzeure oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
und alle sonstigen und klaren und objektiven Bedingungen, 
an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist. 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
 
 
 
47  Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. If the Notes are rated on an individual basis, include brief 
explanation of the meaning of the ratings. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Falls die Schuldverschreibung ein 
Einzelrating erhalten, kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen. 
48 Insert only if the Notes are listed. 
 
Nur einzufügen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen gelistet werden. 
49 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have 
been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben 
worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur 
Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren 
Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die 
Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
 
 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Taxation 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IN THE 
NOTES OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION 
AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR COUNTRY 
OF RESIDENCE MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM ANY NOTES. 
POTENTIAL INVESTORS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS 
AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
OF GERMANY AND THE NETHERLANDS AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
General Information 
General 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including CBF, CBL and 
Euroclear) has/have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance and provide any further appropriate 
information. 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the issue of Notes  
Certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and 
its affiliates. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
2. United States of America 
(a) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note as part of its allotment 
within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor 
any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts 
with respect to a Note. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to 
make the representation set forth in Article 4 (1)(15)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer 
(i) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented and 
agreed that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part 
of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement 
of the offering and closing date only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act; and (iii) accordingly has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates

--- Page 131 ---
131 
nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also agreed that at or prior to confirmation 
of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b) (2) (iii) (i) as part of 
its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the closing date except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any 
contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its 
affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
as the D Rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes 
are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D 
Rules; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the 
purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either 
(x) has repeated and confirmed the representations and the agreements contained in sub-
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) has agreed that it will obtain from 
such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (b) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. EEA  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the term "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the term an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, 
a "Relevant State") that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant 
State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify an offer of those Notes other than pursuant to 
Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
4. United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer" ), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for general financing purposes of Deutsche Telekom's 
group companies. 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information  
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list of 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock 
exchange. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche 
Telekom AG on 20 June 1997. 
The latest increase of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme to EUR 35,000,000,000 was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom 
AG on 26 March 2019.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents Available 
Financial Statements 
The following sections of the English language translations of the audited consolidated financial 
statements for Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 
31 December 2023 respectively and the future unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
for Deutsche Telekom AG for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 March 2025, 1 January 2025 to 
30 June 2025 and 1 January 2025 to 30 September 2025, and the future audited consolidated financial 
statements for Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial year ending 31 December 2025 are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2024 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 222 in the Annual Report 2024), 
 
Consolidated income statement (page 223 in the Annual Report 2024), 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 224 in the Annual Report 2024), 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 225 and 226 in the Annual Report 2024), 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 227 in the Annual Report 2024), 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 228 to 357 in 
the Annual Report 2024) and the 
Independent auditor's report50 (pages 359 to 368 in the Annual Report of 2024). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2024 can be found on the following website: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10eaed1c883ccd400c89d33e7ebe802b3e  
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 171 in the Annual Report of 2023), 
Consolidated income statement (page 172 in the Annual Report of 2023), 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 173 in the Annual Report of 2023), 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 174 to 175 in the Annual Report of 2023), 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 176 in the Annual Report of 2023), 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 177 to 296 in 
the Annual Report of 2023) and the 
Independent auditor's report50 (pages 298 to 304 in the Annual Report of 2023). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 can be found on the following website:  
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1053cc0865d736496d94a8cb451cb09947  
The future unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom for the period from 
1 January to 31 March 2025 included in the Interim Group Report 1 January to 31 March 2025 and 
consisting of  
Consolidated statement of financial position, 
 
Consolidated income statement, 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
 
50 
The independent auditor's report has been issued on the consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom and 
the respective group management report. The group management report is not included in this Prospectus.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity, 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows, 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements and other disclosures, 
 
Review report51. 
https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-DeutscheTelekom/11993 
The future unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom for the period 
from 1 January to 30 June 2025 included in the Interim Group Report 1 January to 30 June 2025 and 
consisting of  
Consolidated statement of financial position, 
 
Consolidated income statement, 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity, 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows, 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements and other disclosures, 
 
Review report52. 
https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-DeutscheTelekom/11993 
The future unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom for the period from 
1 January to 30 September 2025 included in the Interim Group Report 1 January to 30 September 2025 
and consisting of  
Consolidated statement of financial position, 
 
Consolidated income statement, 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity, 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows, 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements and other disclosures, 
 
Review report53. 
https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-DeutscheTelekom/11993 
The future audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2025 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position, 
 
Consolidated income statement, 
 
51 
The independent auditor's review report will be issued on the interim consolidated financial statements of Deutsche 
Telekom and the respective interim group management report. The interim group management report will not be incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus. 
52 
The independent auditor's review report will be issued on the interim consolidated financial statements of Deutsche 
Telekom and the respective interim group management report. The interim group management report will not be incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus. 
53 
The independent auditor's review report will be issued on the interim consolidated financial statements of Deutsche 
Telekom and the respective interim group management report. The interim group management report will not be incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity, 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows, 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures and the 
Independent auditor's report54. 
https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-DeutscheTelekom/11993 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following sections of the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 April 2024 of Deutsche 
Telekom AG are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Option I (pages 54 to 78) 
Form of Final Terms, Part I (pages 113 to 119) 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10e8d7b1fe7390451bb9d2d3b31eef3730  
 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any information not listed in the cross-reference list above) but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor 
or covered in another part of this Prospectus. 
Documents Available  
This Prospectus and all Reference Documents are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). This Prospectus as well as all supplements thereto, if any, all Reference 
Documents, all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in 
this Prospectus, the historical consolidated financial information of Deutsche Telekom Group for each 
of the two financial years preceding the publication of this Prospectus and any future financial 
information incorporated by reference are available on the website of Deutsche Telekom 
(www.telekom.com). Any future documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus will be 
published in electronic form on the following website https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-
DeutscheTelekom/11993. 
The Articles of Incorporation of Deutsche Telekom AG can be obtained from the following website: 
German version 
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/308984/a0e1d376c3840f876020d0056700a4d3/dl-satzung-
data.pdf 
English non-binding translation 
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/425316/03baabc191f845dd6b02bec8eafaacbd/dl-articles-of-
incorporation-data.pdf 
The Articles of Incorporation of Deutsche Telekom AG are not incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
 
54 
The independent auditor's report will be issued on the consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom and the 
respective group management report. The group management report will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Names and Addresses 
Issuer 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140 
53113 Bonn 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9  
60313 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 München 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Agents 
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Legal Advisers 
To the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Auditors 
Deloitte GmbH  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Erna-Scheffler-Straße 2 
40476 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany