--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
Dated 25 March 2021 
This document constitutes two prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"): (i) the prospectus of Deutsche 
Telekom AG in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-Equity 
Securities") and (ii) the prospectus of Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities (together, 
the "Prospectus"). 
 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany 
as Issuer and as Guarantor for Notes issued by 
 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under 
the laws of The Netherlands and having its corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Maastricht, The Netherlands as Issuer 
 
EUR 35,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the "Programme") 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), 
which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, for its approval of this 
Prospectus. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to trade Notes on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market (the "Regulated Market") for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
(as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes issued under the Programme may also not be listed at all. 
Each Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany 
("Germany"), The Netherlands, the Republic of Ireland and the Republic of Austria, with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). 
Each Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the 
European Economic Area with a Notification. The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of any Notes that are the subject 
of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg prospectus law of 16 
July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) by approving this Prospectus. Potential 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
See "Risk Factors" for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by potential investors in 
connection with an investment in any of the Notes. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit Bank 
This Prospectus has been filed with the CSSF and will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(http://www.telekom.com/bonds). This Prospectus succeeds the Prospectus dated 23 April 2020 pertaining to the 
Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Responsibility Statement 
Deutsche Telekom AG ("Deutsche Telekom AG", the "Guarantor" or the "Company" and together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, "Deutsche Telekom", the "Group" or "Deutsche Telekom Group") with its 
registered office in Bonn and Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. ("Finance") with its registered 
office in Maastricht (each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") are solely responsible for the information 
given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein), 
provided that: 
Finance is not responsible for the description of Deutsche Telekom. 
Each Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Notice 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (the "Reference Documents"). Full information on each Issuer 
and any tranche of Notes (as hereinafter defined) is only available on the basis of this Prospectus as 
supplemented, together with the Reference Documents and the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the dealers specified under "Names and Addresses" below and any additional 
dealer appointed from time to time under the Programme (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that 
this Prospectus contains, as of the date hereof, all information with regard to the Issuers and the Notes which 
is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; that the 
information contained herein with respect to the Issuers and the Notes is accurate in all material respects and 
is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on 
reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts, the omission of which would make any statement, 
whether fact or opinion, in this Prospectus misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable 
enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts and to verify the accuracy of all statements contained herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by 
any Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuers, 
is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms 
or any other Reference Document, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of these documents. 
This Prospectus is valid until its expiration on 25 March 2022 and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. There is no obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
when this Prospectus is no longer valid. The delivery of this Prospectus as supplemented or any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of each of the Issuers since such date or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each of the Issuers has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new 
Prospectus at any time after submission of this Prospectus for approval to the CSSF if and when the 
information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete or in the event of any significant new 
factor, that is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes by potential investors. 
The Notes will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons, see "Selling Restrictions". 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Selling 
Restrictions". 
This Prospectus is drawn up in the English language. The German versions of the English language Terms 
and Conditions and Guarantee are shown in this Prospectus for additional information. As to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer under the Notes to be issued, German is the 
controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In respect of the Guarantee, 
the German language version is always controlling and legally binding as to form and content, and all rights 
and obligations of the Holders and the Guarantor thereunder. The Issuers accept responsibility for the 
information contained in this Prospectus and confirm that the non-binding translation of the Terms and 
Conditions, either in the German or English language, correctly and adequately reflects the respective binding 
language version. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the above-
mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a Distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 
Northern Ireland ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above-mentioned legend is included 
in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use of 
this Prospectus" below.  
This Prospectus and any Final Terms must not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer(s) who is(are) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on its(their) 
behalf) may overallot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin at any time after the adequate public disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilising action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
All terms not otherwise defined in this Prospectus shall have the meaning as set out in the "Terms and 
Conditions" of the Notes. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus, except for the websites specified in the context of the documents 
incorporated by reference, are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Prospectus and have 
not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Interest amounts payable under Notes bearing a floating interest rate ("Floating Rate Notes") are calculated 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended) ("BMR"). 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified 
by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans 
and expectations regarding Deutsche Telekom Group's business and management, its growth and 
profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuers make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Deutsche Telekom Group's 
financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Deutsche Telekom 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly 
advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", "Deutsche Telekom AG" and 
"Deutsche Telekom Finance International B.V.". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors 
that might have an impact on Deutsche Telekom's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuers nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Table of Contents 
Responsibility Statement ..........................................................................................................................2 
Notice ........................................................................................................................................................2 
Forward-Looking Statements ...................................................................................................................4 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................6 
Risk Factors ..............................................................................................................................................7 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor ................................................... 7 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................ 13 
Description of the Group's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework ............................................... 16 
Deutsche Telekom AG as Issuer and Guarantor .................................................................................. 17 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. as Issuer ...................................................................... 42 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus ................................................................................................... 46 
Issue Procedures ................................................................................................................................... 47 
Terms and Conditions ........................................................................................................................... 49 
Option I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates ............ 50 
Option II - Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ....... 79 
English Language Guarantee .............................................................................................................. 112 
Non-binding translation of the Guarantee into German ...................................................................... 115 
Form of Final Terms/Muster der Endgültigen Bedingungen ............................................................... 121 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................... 138 
General Information ............................................................................................................................. 139 
Selling Restrictions .............................................................................................................................. 139 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 143 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information ..................................................................................... 143 
Authorisation ........................................................................................................................................ 143 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents on Display .......................................................................... 144 
Names and Addresses ........................................................................................................................ 146

--- Page 6 ---
6 
General Description of the Programme 
Under this EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, Deutsche Telekom and Finance may from time 
to time issue notes, (the "Notes"). The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 35,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
The Guarantor has given its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the due payment 
of the amounts corresponding to the principal of and interest on the Notes issued by Finance. The Guarantee 
will be governed by German law. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of offer to the public or private placements 
and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will 
be stated in the relevant Final Terms. Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, unless 
the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" or 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in 
all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and 
identical in all respects, except for issue dates, interest commencement dates and/or issue prices may form 
a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes 
will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000 and if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency 
nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. The minimum denomination of the Notes 
may be smaller than EUR 1,000 if the Notes are not listed or are listed on an unregulated market and may 
not be part of any offer to the public. Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes 
will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The issue 
price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be 
determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer 
period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting 
yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK will have a minimum redemption amount of GBP 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be redeemed until on or after the first anniversary 
of their date of issue. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of and to admit such 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Under the Programme Notes 
may also be issued which will not be listed on any Stock Exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"). Notes denominated in euro or, 
as the case may be, such other currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, are intended to be held 
in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes will initially be deposited upon 
issue with (i) either CBL or Euroclear as common safekeeper in the case of a new global note or, (ii) CBF. 
It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Risk Factors  
Potential investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and the Reference Documents. 
In addition, potential investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus accumulate. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material to each Issuer and that may affect each 
Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be. Potential 
investors should consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the 
Programme. Investors may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it in the event one or 
more of the risks regarding the Issuer described below materialises. 
Risk Factors regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor are presented in the following categories with 
the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Industry, Competition and Strategy 
• 
Regulation 
• 
Operational 
• 
Brand, Communication and Reputation 
• 
Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
• 
Financial 
• 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
1) Industry, Competition and Strategy 
Deutsche Telekom faces intense competition in all areas of its business, which could lead to reduced 
prices for its products and services and a decrease in market share in certain service areas, thereby 
adversely affecting Deutsche Telekom's revenues and net profit. 
Competitive pressure is expected to continue in Germany and Europe and Deutsche Telekom is expecting 
market prices for mobile voice telephony and mobile data services to continually decrease. Competition could 
also increase in the US as the wireless industry shifts away from service contracts and market saturation 
leads to an increased war for customers. This would adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's competitive 
position in the US market and its ability to grow. All segments would be affected by new market entrants such 
as major internet and consumer electronics industry players as well as regional network operators that could 
continue to increase their market share. Smaller competitors could take unforeseen and aggressive pricing 
measures. Current competitors can win new customers by cutting prices and offering limited or even unlimited 
discounts. Deutsche Telekom Systems Solutions operating segment also faces challenges. Continued strong

--- Page 8 ---
8 
competition and persistent price erosion are adversely affecting traditional ICT business. In addition, the 
technological shift toward cloud solutions and digitalisation in the IT sector is prompting new, strongly 
capitalised, competitors to enter the market. Therefore, Deutsche Telekom continues to be threatened by 
further losses in market share as well as falling margins. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and 
worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Weaker economic prospects and political uncertainties could adversely affect Deutsche Telekom's 
customers' purchases of products and services in each of the operating segments, which could have 
a negative impact on the operating results and overall financial condition of Deutsche Telekom. 
Political uncertainties and geopolitical crises fuel economic and political developments negatively and pose a 
risk to future economic growth. This means that any of Deutsche Telekom's footprint countries that would be 
affected by such actual or even possible growth slowdown as private and business customers would decrease 
their consumption of telecommunication services. This in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen 
the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom is exposed to the economic effects of pandemic outbreaks, which could delay 
or reduce cash flow or reduce the usage of its products and services. Furthermore, it could lead 
to delays in network upgrading and supply chains thereby adversely affecting Deutsche 
Telekom's revenues and net profit. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is an ongoing crisis with no recent historical precedent, bringing great 
uncertainty on the economy and the respective impacts on Deutsche Telekom's business and financial 
results. This includes but is not limited to a decline of roaming volumes, lower subscriber growth, 
increasing bad debt of business and consumer subscribers. As COVID-19 continues to spread, it is 
expected to have significant negative effects on network improvements and maintenance, procurement 
and the supply chain. As other similar pandemic outbreaks are possible in the future, similar effects 
could impact Deutsche Telekom at any time resulting in falling margins, lower revenues or delays in 
cash flows. This would ultimately worsen the overall financial condition and possibly even the reputation 
of Deutsche Telekom. 
A substantive or temporal deviation from planned measures for strategic transformation and 
integration may reduce its benefits and this could negatively impact Deutsche Telekom's business 
situation, financial position and operational results.  
Deutsche Telekom is in a continuous process of strategic adjustments and cost-cutting initiatives. If Deutsche 
Telekom is unable to implement these projects as planned, the benefits could be less than originally estimated 
or arrive later than expected or even not at all. Also, merger related integration of operational areas as well 
as fulfilment of various conditions imposed by the authorities are complex and could jeopardize the realization 
of planned synergies. Each of these factors, individually or combined, could have a negative impact on 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom may not realise either the expected level of demand for its new/existing products 
and services, or the expected level and timing of revenues generated by those products and services, 
on account of the lack of market acceptance or technological change, which could adversely affect 
Deutsche Telekom's cash flows. 
Deutsche Telekom may not succeed in making customers sufficiently aware of existing and future value-
added services or in creating customer acceptance of these services at the prices Deutsche Telekom would 
want to charge. A lack of market acceptance for these new products and services could be fueled by an 
unwillingness to pay for such additional features.  
Furthermore, as innovation cycles continue to shrink, they confront the telecommunications sector with the 
challenge of bringing out new products and services at ever shorter intervals. New technologies are 
superseding existing technologies, products, or services in part, in some cases even completely. This would 
lead to lower prices and revenues in both voice and data traffic. This in turn could lead to lower revenues, 
cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Deutsche Telekom regularly engages in large-scale programs to reshape the information technology 
("IT") and network infrastructure to adapt to changing customer needs and organisational and 
accounting requirements. The implementation of any of these programs may require substantial 
investments and failure to effectively plan and monitor them would lead to misallocations of 
resources and impaired processes with negative consequences for Deutsche Telekom's operations.  
Deutsche Telekom's IT and network resources and infrastructure is the basis for innovative 
telecommunications products and services that Deutsche Telekom offers or plans to offer in the future. As 
Deutsche Telekom replaces the various architectures, access types and services with a standardised

--- Page 9 ---
9 
architecture, the enormous complexity of the implementation of this IT initiative, malfunctions, connectivity 
issues, implementation delays, inadequate planning and management and other unforeseen problems could 
result in costly process impairments and remediation and possible extended down-times of IT processes. 
These problems may hamper the attainment of Deutsche Telekom's goals in terms of cost savings and quality 
improvements. In addition, one of Deutsche Telekom's most important IT programs deals with the long-term 
development and implementation of a comprehensive IP platform that will support both fixed-line and mobile 
telephony services. This means that the traditional platform will be completely replaced by an IP-based 
system. Upon implementing this joint IP platform, Deutsche Telekom's IT systems will be subject to hacker 
attacks, "spam calls" and other disruptions. These risks could lead to a temporary interruption of Deutsche 
Telekom's IT resources and, as a result, impair the performance of Deutsche Telekom's technical 
infrastructure. Additionally, if Deutsche Telekom is not ready in time to exploit the benefits of technological 
advances, it could experience a decline in demand for its services. System failures, security breaches, data 
protection violations, disruption of operations and unauthorised use or impairment of Deutsche Telekom 
network and other systems could damage Deutsche Telekom's reputation, increase costs and negatively 
impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition of Deutsche Telekom.  
2) Regulation 
Deutsche Telekom operates in heavily regulated business environments. Respective decisions that 
regulatory authorities impose on Deutsche Telekom restrict flexibility in managing its business and 
can force it to offer their services to competitors or reduce their prices for products and services. 
This will reduce Deutsche Telekom's revenues and also market share.  
Deutsche Telekom AG and its international subsidiaries are subject to market regulation. The national 
regulatory authorities have extensive powers and can intervene in product design and pricing. In addition, the 
European Commission issues recommendations, which must be taken into account by the national regulatory 
authorities. Regulatory interventions are difficult to anticipate and therefore can disrupt financial forecasting. 
These regulatory interventions will continue to impact both fixed-network and mobile markets (including 
wholesale offerings) in the medium and long term. Media products are also subject to European and national 
regulations in respect to copyright and responsibility for published content. Regulatory bodies can enforce the 
regulation but also impose fines in cases of non-compliance. These regulatory risks (for example 
unfavourable auction rules and frequency usage requirements, international roaming, net neutrality and 
universal service) will in turn lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition 
and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
3) Operational 
Shortcomings in Deutsche Telekom's supplier selection and procurement process could negatively 
affect its product portfolio, revenues and profits. 
As a service provider, an operator and provider of telecommunications and IT products, Deutsche Telekom 
cooperates with a variety of suppliers of technical components, such as software, hardware, transmission 
systems, switching systems, outside plant, and terminal equipment.  
Supply risks cannot be entirely ruled out. The dependence on individual suppliers or from individual vendors' 
defaulting can increase. Governments prohibiting the purchase, use and/or replacement of specific vendor or 
supplier products, delivery bottlenecks, price increases, changes in the prevailing economic conditions or 
suppliers' product strategies may have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's supply chain management 
and business processes. Additionally, recent security concerns prohibiting the partial or complete use of 
technology or products from critical vendors in Deutsche Telekom's networks would result in an intensive 
process of replacing such technology or products. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's costs 
and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and significantly worsen the overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
System failures due to natural or man-made disruptions and loss of data could result in reduced user 
traffic and reduced revenues and could harm Deutsche Telekom's reputation and financial results. 
Deutsche Telekom's information/network technology infrastructure is complex and is being constantly 
expanded and upgraded. Outages in the current and future technical infrastructure arising from natural 
disasters, such as fire, or man-made disruptions, such as unauthorised access, are possible and would cause 
interruptions to any business processes, products or services. Remediation costs could include liability for 
information loss or repairing infrastructure and systems. Furthermore, Deutsche Telekom's products and 
services are subject to data privacy and data security especially in connection with unauthorised access to 
customer, partner or employee data. Data privacy regulation requirements are increasing over time, but also 
data security is vulnerable as IT security challenges are multiplying as cyber crime and industrial espionage 
are on the rise. These effects could increase Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact revenues,

--- Page 10 ---
10 
cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Failure to achieve the planned reduction and restructuring of personnel or the human resources-
related cost-savings goals could negatively affect the reputation and achievement of Deutsche 
Telekom's financial objectives and profitability. 
Deutsche Telekom continues to use socially responsible measures to restructure the workforce in the Group, 
essentially by means of voluntary redundancies, partial and early retirement, and employment opportunities 
for civil servants and employees. If staff restructuring measures are not possible to implement as planned or 
at all, they could have a negative impact on revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition 
and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
As a result of dispositions of certain non-core businesses in Germany, there is an increased risk of 
return of civil servants transferred out of Deutsche Telekom Group, which could have a negative 
impact on the staff and cost reduction objectives.  
When Group entities that employ civil servants are disposed of, it is generally possible to continue to employ 
them at the Group entity to be sold, provided the civil servant agrees or submits an application to be employed 
at the respective unit in future. However, they may return to Deutsche Telekom from a sold entity or if a 
company is not able to offer them jobs. This would increase Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact 
revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
4) Brand, Communication and Reputation 
Potential breaches of compliance requirements (including data protection) or the identification of 
material weaknesses in Deutsche Telekom's internal control over financial reporting may have an 
adverse impact on Deutsche Telekom's corporate reputation, financial condition and the trading price 
of its securities. 
In general, compliance requirements (including data protection) for publicly-traded companies and, in 
particular, the investigation of potential breaches and corporate misconduct are increasing and leading to 
major financial implications for the companies concerned. At the same time, the legal framework governing 
the monitoring of companies is becoming more comprehensive, which increases the liability for executive 
bodies and associated costs. These risks and their related consequences will continue to exist and measures 
to remediate any identified shortcomings in its internal controls over financial reporting, activities of this kind 
may involve significant effort and expense, and disclosure of any failures, material weakness or other 
conditions, may result in a deterioration of Deutsche Telekom's corporate image and negative market 
reactions, which in turn may negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and 
responsibilities of Deutsche Telekom Group can have a huge impact on the reputation, the standing 
and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom Group. 
An unforeseeable negative media report on products and services or corporate activities and responsibilities 
of Deutsche Telekom arising from ecological or social aspects or from the management of Deutsche Telekom 
can have a material impact on the reputation, the standing and the brand image of Deutsche Telekom. Social 
networks have made it possible that such information and opinions can spread much more quickly and 
extensively than they could just a few years ago. Ultimately, negative reports can result in a deterioration of 
Deutsche Telekom's revenues or corporate image and increase negative market reactions, which in turn may 
negatively affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities. 
Developments in the telecommunications sector have resulted, and may in the future result, in 
substantial write-downs of the carrying value of certain of Deutsche Telekom's assets. 
The value of the assets of Deutsche Telekom AG and its subsidiaries depends on changes in the respective 
economic, regulatory, business or political environments. These changes could negatively affect the value of 
goodwill, intangible assets or property, plant and equipment, investments accounted for using the equity 
method, or other financial assets. Any of these impairment losses could impact to a considerable extent 
Deutsche Telekom's results and could worsen the overall financial condition, which in turn may negatively 
affect the trading price of Deutsche Telekom's securities.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Possible health risks of wireless communications devices have led to litigation affecting markets with 
Deutsche Telekom's mobile telecommunications operations subsidiaries, and could lead to 
decreased wireless communications usage or increased difficulty in obtaining sites for base stations 
and, as a result, adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of Deutsche 
Telekom's wireless services business. 
Mobile communications, or the electromagnetic fields used in mobile communications, regularly give rise to 
concerns among the general population about potential health risks. There is intense public, political, and 
scientific debate of this issue. Acceptance problems among the general public concern both mobile 
communications networks and the use of mobile handsets. This affects the build-out of mobile networks and 
the use of mobile terminal devices, but also the sales of traditional IP and DECT (digital cordless) phones 
and devices that use WiFi technology. There are also regulatory interventions, such as reduced thresholds 
for electromagnetic fields or the implementation of precautionary measures in mobile communications, such 
as amendments to building laws or labeling requirements for handsets. These effects could increase 
Deutsche Telekom's costs and negatively impact revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall financial 
condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
5) Litigation and Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Deutsche Telekom is continuously involved in disputes and litigation with government agencies, competition 
authorities, competitors and other parties. Deutsche Telekom is also subject to anti-trust laws. The ultimate 
outcome of such legal proceedings is generally uncertain. When finally concluded, they may have a material 
adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and financial condition.  
Deutsche Telekom is subject to numerous legal and regulatory proceedings, in which Deutsche Telekom is 
currently a party or which could develop in the future. Litigation and regulatory proceedings, including patent 
infringement lawsuits, are inherently unpredictable. Deutsche Telekom and its subsidiaries are subject to 
proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage actions under civil law. Legal or regulatory 
proceedings in which Deutsche Telekom is or comes to be involved (or settlements thereof) may have a 
material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, overall financial condition and reputation 
of Deutsche Telekom. 
6) Financial 
Liquidity, credit, currency, interest rate risks, rating risks and tax risks may continue to have an 
adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's revenue and cost development. 
With regard to its assets, liabilities and planned transactions, Deutsche Telekom Group is particularly exposed 
to liquidity risks, credit risks, and the risk of changes in exchange and interest rates.  
Liquidity risk comprises the risk of the Company's inability to meet its short-term financial obligations in a 
timely fashion or in full. This could occur in circumstances in which an asset cannot be traded or sold or in 
case of an inefficient market. Deutsche Telekom primarily uses bonds, issued in a variety of currencies and 
jurisdictions, for medium- to long-term financing and maintains a liquidity reserve in the form of credit lines 
and cash as part of its liquidity management. A negative development of the capital markets could increase 
Deutsche Telekom's financing costs or could decrease its ability to raise funds. Hence, lack of liquidity may 
have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations, overall financial condition and 
reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Credit risk comprises the risk that a counterparty will not fulfill its contractual obligations. Through Deutsche 
Telekom's operating business and certain financing activities, Deutsche Telekom is exposed to credit risk. 
The failure of a counterparty to fulfill its obligations, its insolvency or its bankruptcy would lead to an 
interruption of cash flows, increased costs for collection or loss of assets. Hence, counterparties which are 
not able to fulfill their contractual obligations may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's 
results of operations and overall financial condition. 
Currency risk comprises the risk of a fluctuation in the value of a currency which negatively affects the value 
of assets, investments, and related payment streams like interest and dividend. Deutsche Telekom is exposed 
to currency risks from its investing, financing, and operating activities. Currency risks in the area of 
investments result, for example, from the acquisition and disposal of investments in foreign currencies. 
Currency risks in the financing area are caused by financial liabilities in foreign currency and loans in foreign 
currency that are issued by Group entities for financing purposes. The Group entities predominantly execute 
their operating activities in their respective functional currencies. Payments made in a currency other than the 
respective functional currency result in currency risks in the Group. Hence, changes in the value of currencies 
may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial 
condition.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Interest rate risk comprises the potential increase of financing costs resulting from unexpected fluctuations 
in interest rates. Changes in market interest rates affect the interest income or expense of variable-interest 
financial instruments. In addition to the interest rate risk pertaining to variable-interest debt, this also includes 
the issue of new liabilities. Deutsche Telekom's interest rate risk mainly results from interest-bearing liabilities 
and exists primarily in the euro zone and the United States. Hence fluctuations in interest rates may have a 
material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial condition.  
Rating risk relates to potential downgrades of Deutsche Telekom's credit rating by the rating agencies Fitch, 
Moody's or Standard & Poor's, which could have a negative impact on Deutsche Telekom's financing costs 
and Deutsche Telekom's ability to obtain new financing. In addition, if Deutsche Telekom's credit rating would 
be lowered by one notch, the interest rate rises by 0.5 per cent. for some of the issued bonds with a step-up 
clause. Hence the downgrade of credit ratings may have a material adverse effect on Deutsche Telekom's 
results of operations, overall financial condition and reputation of Deutsche Telekom. 
Tax risk relates to uncertainties and potential changes of tax rules resulting in higher tax expenses than 
expected. In many countries, Deutsche Telekom is subject to the applicable legal tax provisions. Changes in 
taxation laws or case law and different interpretations of existing provisions and uncertainties regarding the 
applicability or interpretation of tax rules can affect Deutsche Telekom tax expenses and benefits as well as 
tax receivables and liabilities. Hence uncertainties and changes of tax rules may have a material adverse 
effect on Deutsche Telekom's results of operations and overall financial condition. 
7) Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
Payment of principal of and interest on all debt securities (such as the Notes) issued by Finance are 
guaranteed by Deutsche Telekom AG. Therefore, the risks in respect of Finance substantially correspond 
with the ones of Deutsche Telekom AG.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes  
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories with the most material 
risk factor presented first in each category: 
• 
Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
• 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
1) Risks related to the admission of the Notes to a Regulated Market 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of and to admit 
such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the 
Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, 
there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that 
it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity than if they 
were not listed. If the Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. In an illiquid market, an investor 
might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might 
additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on certain factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The holder of a Note is therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of its Note which materialises if the holder sells the Notes prior to the final 
maturity of such Notes. 
2) Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be subject to 
early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption 
event). In addition, each Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the relevant Issuer is required 
to pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions. If the relevant Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early 
redemption due to an early redemption event, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such 
early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise 
his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the 
investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On 
the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his optional call right if the yield on comparable 
Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the relevant Issuer may 
exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed 
Rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate 
of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until 
the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the holder 
of a Fixed Rate Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate for comparable issuers 
are without relevance to such holder as the Note will be redeemed at the principal amount of such Note. 
Specific risks linked to Sustainability-Linked Notes  
The Notes may be issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes with the interest rate relating to the Notes being 
subject to an upward adjustment in the event the Group fails to achieve certain Sustainability Performance 
Targets (i.e. CO2 emissions reduction with varying scopes and timelines as defined in the Conditions of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes). In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuers do not commit to (i) allocate

--- Page 14 ---
14 
the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject 
to any other limitations or requirements that may be associated with social bonds or sustainability bonds in 
any particular market. Furthermore no event of acceleration shall occur, nor shall the Issuers be required to 
redeem or repurchase Sustainability-Linked Notes, if the Group fails to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets of the relevant Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal, quasi legal or other 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. As there is currently no generally 
accepted definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what criteria a particular 
financial instrument must meet to qualify as, "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" (and, in addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer that Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding the Notes or the Sustainability Performance Targets qualifying as "sustainable" or 
"sustainability-linked" or that any adverse impacts will not occur in connection with striving to achieve the 
Sustainability Performance Targets or the use of the net proceeds from the issue and offering of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A holder of a Floating Rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes 
in advance. 
A Floating Rate Note may include caps or floors. In such case, their market value may be more volatile than 
those for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that the amount of 
interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the holder will not be able to benefit 
from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower 
than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Specific risks linked to EURIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to reference rates. EURIBOR and other reference 
rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, 
the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause these Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. 
The BMR applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use 
of a Benchmark within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) Benchmark administrators to be authorized 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognized or 
endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorized or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed). 
The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other 
Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of EURIBOR or such other Benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR 
or such other Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
such Benchmark, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark.   
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of 
any Notes whose interest is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the 
risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any other Benchmark.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate Notes 
which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions

--- Page 15 ---
15 
applicable to such Notes. Under these fallback provisions, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an 
independent adviser, which must be an independent financial institution or independent financial adviser. 
Such independent adviser would be tasked with determining whether a recognised successor rate to the 
discontinued Benchmark exists (the "Successor Benchmark Rate"). If that is not the case, the independent 
adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate"). Such Successor 
Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate may be subject to the application of adjustments or spreads. 
If the independent adviser determines a Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, such 
rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such 
determination will be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. Any 
adjustment pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply to the immediately following interest period and 
any subsequent interest period and may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser cannot determine a 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate following a discontinuation of a relevant 
Benchmark, the last determined rate of the discontinued Benchmark will continue to apply for future interest 
periods of the relevant Notes until a Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate was 
determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
Currency Risk 
A holder of a Note denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks. 
A change in the value of any currency other than euro against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than euro and the euro 
value of interest and principal payments made in accordance with the terms of such Note. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Note and the value of 
interest payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a 
Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and 
Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms 
and Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its 
individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right 
passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of 
all the Holders.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Description of the Group's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework  
As a leading provider of telecommunication services, Deutsche Telekom also aims to be a leader in 
sustainability. Deutsche Telekom believes in the compatibility of economic, social, and ecological aspects 
and is committed to acting responsibly along the entire value chain. Being one of the biggest investors in the 
industry, Deutsche Telekom has a key role to play in proposing more performing products and services to its 
clients while continuously participating in a "low-carbon society". Responsibility for a low-carbon society is 
one of the key action areas of the Group's corporate responsibility strategy: Deutsche Telekom is committed 
to reduce its own energy consumption and carbon footprint and to accompany its customers to reduce theirs.  
The Company believes that sustainability-linked notes financing its activities will highlight these sustainability 
objectives very effectively and provide fixed income investors with a further tool to assess the Group's 
progress in contributing to climate change mitigation. Deutsche Telekom plans to adopt and publish a 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" that is aligned with the Sustainability‐Linked Bond Principles 
2020 in April 2021. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework ("Framework") will be available on the 
Issuer's website: www.telekom.com. 
The interest on the Sustainability-Linked Notes will be linked to reaching sustainability performance targets 
("Sustainability Performance Targets") in relation to key performance indicators ("KPI") which are core, 
relevant and material to Deutsche Telekom's business: 
• 
KPI 1 – Absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in tCO2e): absolute 
greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions from the Group's own operations (Scope 1) and absolute GHG 
emissions from consumption of purchased electricity and heat used in the Group's own operations 
(Scope 2) 
• 
KPI 2 – Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity (in tCO2e/customer): absolute GHG 
emissions covering upstream and downstream elements of the value chain (Scope 3) per customer, 
considering the following categories of Scope 3: purchased goods and services, capital goods, use 
of sold products and downstream leased assets 
The Sustainability Performance Targets in relation to each KPI will be defined in the Conditions of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Deutsche Telekom calculates its CO2e emissions across the Group in line with the market-based method of 
the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol1 and reports them together with its self-defined CO2e reduction goals, 
as set forth in the Framework, thereby complying with criterion 13 of the German Sustainability Code 
(greenhouse gas emissions)2.  
Deutsche Telekom will report annually information required to calculate or observe the performance of KPIs 
in relation to Sustainability Performance Targets in the Group's corporate responsibility report or in a similar 
report ("KPI Report") and will engage an external auditor to issue at least a limited assurance report regarding 
seleced information contained in the KPI Report ("Limited Assurance Report"). The Limited Assurance 
Report will be available via Deutsche Telekom's website (www.telekom.com).  
Both KPIs cover the Group's fully consolidated activities. In relation to KPI 2, customer figures includes mobile, 
fixed-line, broadband and TV customers (excl. wholesale). 
2017 constitutes the base year, subject to recalculations of GHG emissions to reflect any significant changes 
in the Group structure (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures, mergers) or methodological changes. Any recalculation 
will be stated in the KPI Report. 
While both KPIs are tied to EU Environmental Objective 1 (climate change mitigation)3, KPI 1 is tied to UN 
SDG 7 (affordable and clean energy) and UN SDG 13 (climate action) and KPI 2 is tied to UN SDG 12 
(responsible production and consumption) and UN SDG 13 (climate action)4. 
 
1 https://ghgprotocol.org  
2 https://www.deutscher-nachhaltigkeitskodex.de  
3 https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32020R0852  
4 https://sdgs.un.org/goals

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Deutsche Telekom AG as Issuer and Guarantor 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The statutory auditor of Deutsche Telekom AG as of and for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 respectively, was PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
("PwC"), Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. PwC is a member of the 
chamber of public accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT DEUTSCHE TELEKOM 
Introduction 
The legal and commercial name of the Company is Deutsche Telekom AG. Deutsche Telekom AG is a private 
stock corporation organised under German law registered with the local court (Amtsgericht) of Bonn under 
the number HRB 6794 in the country of incorporation, the Federal Republic of Germany. The registered office 
is located at Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, and its telephone number 
is +49 (228) 181-0. Deutsche Telekom AG's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96. 
Deutsche Telekom AG's website can be accessed under www.telekom.com. The content on this website is 
for information purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Corporate Purpose 
According to Article 2 of the Articles of Association (Satzung) of Deutsche Telekom AG its object is activity in 
all areas of telecommunications, information technology, multimedia, information and entertainment (including 
gambling or betting business), security services, sales and brokerage services, e-banking, e-money and other 
payment solutions, collection, factoring and reception and surveillance services as well as any services 
connected with these areas, and also in related areas in Germany and abroad. The object of Deutsche 
Telekom AG's enterprise includes engaging in business in the area of venture capital, including the 
acquisition, holding, management, and sale of venture capital interests, in particular but not exclusively, in 
companies that are involved in the areas stated in the previous sentence. Moreover, the object of the 
enterprise is to engage in the field of reinsurance in connection with the areas specified in the first sentence 
of this paragraph; this activity must not be performed directly by the Company itself. 
Deutsche Telekom AG is entitled to enter into all other transactions and take all other measures deemed 
appropriate to serve this object. It may also set up, acquire and participate in other undertakings of the same 
or similar kind in Germany and abroad, as well as run such undertakings or confine itself to the administration 
of its participation. It may spin off its operations wholly or partly to affiliated undertakings, provided that 
applicable legal requirements, such as requisite shareholder resolutions, are satisfied. 
Historical Background 
Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications provider offering its customers around the world a 
comprehensive portfolio of state-of-the-art services in the areas of telecommunications and IT. The provision 
of public telecommunications services in Germany was long a state monopoly, as formerly provided in the 
constitution of Germany. In 1989, Germany began to transform the postal, telephone and telegraph services, 
administered by the former monopoly provider of such services into market-oriented businesses, and ordered 
the former monopoly into three distinct entities along their lines of business, one of which was Deutsche 
Telekom's predecessor Deutsche Bundespost Telekom. At the same time, Germany also began the 
liberalisation of the German telecommunications market. Deutsche Telekom was transformed into a private 
stock corporation effective 1 January 1995. The operation of networks (including cable networks) for all 
telecommunications services, other than public fixed-line voice telephony, was opened to competition in 
Germany on 1 August 1996 when the new legal framework for the regulation of the telecommunications sector 
in Germany, the Telecommunications Act, became effective. As required by the Telecommunications Act and 
mandated by the directives of the E.U. Commission, the telecommunications sector in Germany was further 
liberalised on 1 January 1998 through the opening of the public fixed-line voice telephony services to 
competition. Since then, Deutsche Telekom has faced intense competition and has been required, among 
other things, to offer competitors access to its fixed-line network at regulated interconnection rates. 
Recent Events 
In the USA the C-band auction for spectrum in the 3,700 to 4,200 MHz band began on 8 December 2020 and 
ended on 15 January 2021. T-Mobile US has spent USD 9.3 billion for licences covering 208m POPs across 
72 markets.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
On 21 January 2021, Deutsche Telekom, Cellnex Telecom S.A., the newly established, independently 
managed investment company Digital Infrastructure Vehicle I SCSp (DIV), and others signed an agreement 
to merge Deutsche Telekom's and Cellnex's respective Dutch subsidiaries for mobile infrastructure. Under 
the deal, the Dutch cell tower company T-Mobile Infra B.V. will be sold to DIV and subsequently merged 
into Cellnex Netherlands B.V. 
On 1 February 2021, the valuation process of the purchase price for the Shenandoah Personal 
Communications Company (Shentel), to be purchased by Sprint, was completed. The parties are negotiating 
the remaining outstanding terms of a definitive agreement to govern the purchase of Shentel's wireless 
telecommunication assets and expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2021 after satisfying 
customary conditions to closing. The base purchase price of the wireless telecommunication assets is USD 
1.9 billion, subject to certain other purchase price adjustments prescribed by the agreement as well as 
additional purchase price adjustments agreed by the parties. 
Rating 
Deutsche Telekom AG is rated by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")5,6, Moody's Investors Service España 
SA ("Moody's")7,2 and by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"8,9 together with Fitch and Moody's, the 
"Rating Agencies"). 
As of the publication date of this Prospectus, the ratings assigned to Deutsche Telekom AG by the Rating 
Agencies were as follows: 
by Fitch: 
long-term rating: 
BBB+10 / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
F210 
Fitch definesa: 
BBB: "BBB" ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of 
financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more 
likely to impair this capacity. 
F2: 
Indicates satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. 
by Moody's: 
long-term rating: 
Baa110 / negative 
 
short-term rating: 
P-210 
Moody's definesb: 
Baa1: 
Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risks. They are considered medium-
grade and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
 
5 
Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the "CRA Regulation"). 
6 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update. 
7 
Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
9 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update. 
10  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the 
entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
P-2: 
Issuers have a strong ability to repay short-term obligations. 
by S&P: 
long-term rating: 
BBB / stable 
 
short-term rating: 
A-210 
S&P definesc: 
BBB: 
An obligation rated "BBB" exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened 
capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
A-2: 
A short-term obligation rated "A-2" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the 
obligation is satisfactory. 
a 
Note: "+"or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote the relative status within major rating 
categories. Such suffixes are not added to the "AAA" category or to categories below 
"CCC". 
b 
Note: Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aa to Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its 
generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
c 
Note: Plus (+) or minus (-): The ratings from "AA" to "CCC" may be modified by the addition 
of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
Group Organisation 
Overview of Business Activities 
Deutsche Telekom is an integrated telecommunications company with around 242 million mobile customers, 
27 million fixed-network and 22 million broadband lines. Deutsche Telekom provides fixed-
network/broadband, mobile, Internet, and Internet-based TV products and services for consumers and ICT 
solutions for business customers and corporate customers. Deutsche Telekom has an international focus and 
is represented in more than 50 countries. In the 2020 financial year, Deutsche Telekom generated revenue 
of EUR 101.0 billion, despite the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The business combination of 
T-Mobile US and Sprint raised the proportion of net revenue generated outside Germany to 75.5 per cent. 
Overall, Deutsche Telekom employs around 226,291 people (as of 31 December 2020).  
The fixed-network business includes all voice and data communications activities based on fixed-network and 
broadband technology. This includes the sale of terminal equipment and other hardware, as well as the sale 
of services to resellers. The mobile communications business offers mobile voice and data services to 
consumers and business customers; in addition, Deutsche Telekom sells mobile devices and other hardware. 
Deutsche Telekom also sells mobile services to resellers and to companies that buy network services and 
market them to third parties (mobile virtual network operators, or MVNOs). Drawing on a global infrastructure 
of data centers and networks, Deutsche Telekom operates information and communication technology (ICT) 
systems for multinational corporations and public-sector institutions. 
Deutsche Telekom is divided into five operating segments: Germany, United States, Europe, Systems 
Solutions and Group Development.  
The Germany operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile business activities for consumers 
and business customers in Germany. In addition, it provides wholesale telecommunications services for 
carriers and, up to the realignment of the business-to-business ("B2B") telecommunications business, also 
for the Group's other operating segments.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Deutsche Telekom realigned its B2B telecommunications services in the course of 2020. To this end, TC 
Services and Classified ICT, portfolio units previously assigned to the Systems Solutions operating segment, 
as well as Telekom Global Carrier (TGC) and Network Infrastructure (NWI), which had formerly been reported 
under the Europe operating segment and the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment respectively, 
and which together form the business area designated as Deutsche Telekom Global Carrier (DTGC), have 
been combined in the Germany operating segment. Effective the start of the third quarter of 2020, the 
management of the Deutsche Telekom Group and hence also the reporting structure were both based on this 
new segment allocation. As part of these transactions, the assets and liabilities assigned to the business 
areas were transferred to the Germany operating segment. Prior-year comparatives in these segments 
(development of operations, customer development, headcount development, and order entry) were adjusted 
retrospectively. The transactions were consummated under company law on 1 July 2020 (TC Services and 
Classified ICT) and on 1 October 2020 (DTGC). 
Effective 1 January 2021, Deutsche Telekom assigned the responsibility for business and profit and loss for 
Deutsche Telekom IoT GmbH from the Systems Solutions operating segment to the business customer unit 
in the Germany operating segment. The Group subsidiary established in summer 2020 is responsible for the 
IoT business of Deutsche Telekom. 
The United States operating segment combines all mobile activities in the U.S. market. 
The Europe operating segment comprises all fixed-network and mobile operations of the national companies 
in Greece, Romania, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovakia, Austria, North Macedonia, and 
Montenegro.  
In addition to consumer business, most of Deutsche Telekom's national companies also offer ICT solutions 
for business customers.  
The Systems Solutions operating segment offers business customers a portfolio of integrated products and 
solutions. With offerings for connectivity, digital solutions, cloud and infrastructure, and security, in addition 
to global partnerships, it offers help and guidance to customers to implement digital business models.  
The Group Development operating segment actively manages entities, subsidiaries, and equity investments 
to grow their value while giving them the entrepreneurial freedom they need to promote their continued 
strategic development. This approach led to the creation of GD Towers – comprising Deutsche Funkturm 
(DFMG) and the Dutch cell tower business – within the Group Development segment. Following the 
integration of Tele2 Netherlands into T-Mobile Netherlands as of the start of 2019, the Dutch MVNO and SIM 
provider, Simpel, was taken over effective 1 December 2020. Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners (DTCP) 
and the Group functions of Mergers & Acquisitions and Strategic Portfolio Management have also been 
assigned to Group Development. 
As of 1 January 2021, Deutsche Telekom transferred its Austrian cell tower business from the Europe 
operating segment to GD Towers in the Group Development operating segment to enhance the management 
efficiency in cell tower business. In addition, GD Towers will increase its efforts to expand third-party business, 
increase profitability, and develop growth areas. 
Group Headquarters & Group Services comprises all Group units that cannot be allocated directly to one of 
the operating segments and reports on the Board of Management department for Technology and Innovation. 
As the organization that sets the direction and provides momentum, it defines strategic aims for the Group, 
ensures they are met, and becomes directly involved in selected Group projects. Group Services provides 
services to the entire Group; in addition to typical services provided by Deutsche Telekom Services Europe, 
such as financial accounting, human resources services, and operational procurement, Group Services also 
includes placement services, which are provided by the personnel service provider, Vivento. It is in charge of 
securing external employment opportunities for employees, mainly civil servants, predominantly in the public 
sector. Further units are Group Supply Services (GSUS) for the real estate management and the strategic 
procurement, and MobilitySolutions, which is a full-service provider for fleet management and mobility 
services.  
The Technology and Innovation Board department unites the cross-segment network, innovation, and IT 
activities of the Germany, Europe and Systems Solutions operating segments. These include Deutsche 
Telekom IT, which focuses on the Group's internal national IT projects, and the central innovation unit, Product 
Innovation and Customer Experience ("PIC"), which works closely with the operating segments to drive topics

--- Page 21 ---
21 
such as digitalization, big data, software- defined networks, voicification, virtualization, and cloud services. 
The Innovation Hub ("IHUB") pools all of the expertise required for future innovation projects in an agile 
working environment to ensure Deutsche Telekom stays flexible and innovative. Additional units are Strategy 
& Technology Innovation ("S&TI"), and International Technology and Service Delivery ("ITS"). ITS 
harmonizes the planning, development, and operation of products, services, and platforms at the national 
companies in Europe, taking technological and commercial aspects into account. S&TI ensures efficient and 
customized research and innovation with a focus on mobile and fixed-network communications.  
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS 
The business combination of T-Mobile US and Sprint was completed on 1 April 2020, forming the all-new, 
larger T-Mobile US. The transaction had previously passed through various approval processes involving 
numerous national and regional courts and authorities in the United States. Business in the United States 
developed extremely positively on the back of the various Un-carrier initiatives of the last few years. The new 
business combination serves to further strengthen this trend. T-Mobile US has the largest 5G network in the 
United States. 
The business combination of T-Mobile US and Sprint took the form of an all-stock transaction. At the 
completion of the transaction, Deutsche Telekom held around 43.6 per cent. of the shares in T-Mobile US. 
However, under a proxy agreement reached with SoftBank, at the time the business combination took effect 
Deutsche Telekom controlled a majority of the voting power of around 68.3 per cent. of shares in the new T-
Mobile US. On 22 June 2020, Deutsche Telekom received call options from SoftBank to buy around 101 
million T‐Mobile US shares, thus securing itself long-term access to the majority shareholding in T‐Mobile US. 
In return, Deutsche Telekom granted SoftBank the option to immediately sell around 198 million T-Mobile US 
shares. The sale of the shares held by SoftBank reduced the proportion of T-Mobile US shares for which 
Deutsche Telekom can exercise voting rights to around 52.5 per cent. as of 5 August 2020. 
The structure of the new T-Mobile US factors in the agreement reached with the U.S. Department of Justice 
(DoJ), one condition of which was that Sprint divested its prepaid business to satellite TV operator DISH. The 
agreement also includes the sale of part of the 800 MHz spectrum held by Sprint to DISH. As of 1 July  2020, 
the U.S. authorities' requirements regarding the divestiture of Sprint's prepaid business were duly met and 
the agreement to sell spectrum to DISH duly confirmed. 
On 26 August 2020, Sprint exercised its option to purchase the wireless telecommunications assets of 
Shenandoah Personal Communications Company (Shentel). Shentel is the exclusive provider of Sprint 
wireless communications network products in certain parts of several U.S. states that are home to 
approximately 1.1 million subscribers. The base purchase price of the wireless telecommunication assets 
was determined through a valuation process and was set at USD 1.9 billion and is subject to certain purchase 
price adjustments. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021 after satisfying 
customary conditions to closing. 
On 14 September 2020, T‐Mobile US and American Tower signed an agreement on the lease and use of cell 
sites. This was a modification to existing agreements with American Tower. The agreement gives T‐Mobile 
US greater flexibility in the course of merging the mobile networks of T‐Mobile US and Sprint and of the 5G 
network build-out. 
On 6 November 2020, OTE concluded an agreement with Orange Romania concerning the sale of the 
54 per cent. stake in Telekom Romania Communications, which operates the Romanian fixed-network 
business. The transaction is subject to approval by the authorities. 
On 1 December 2020, T‐Mobile Netherlands acquired the Dutch MVNO and SIM provider Simpel. Simpel had 
previously exclusively marketed SIM-only subscriptions through its own website. These SIM cards operated 
on the T‐Mobile Netherlands network. 
On 21 January 2021, Deutsche Telekom, Cellnex Telecom S.A., the newly established, independently 
managed investment company Digital Infrastructure Vehicle I SCSp ("DIV"), and others signed an agreement 
to merge Deutsche Telekom's and Cellnex's respective Dutch subsidiaries for mobile infrastructure. Under 
the deal, the Dutch cell tower company T‐Mobile Infra B.V. will be sold to DIV and subsequently merged into 
Cellnex Netherlands B.V. The closing of the transaction is expected in the first half of 2021. 
INVESTMENTS IN NETWORKS 
T‐Mobile US successfully bid on total spectrum of 691 MHz at the U.S. auction in March 2020 and received 
the 5G licenses it bought for USD 873 million in April 2020. A further CBRS auction in the United States for 
spectrum in the 3,550 to 3,650 MHz band ended on 25 August 2020. T-Mobile US secured eight licenses for

--- Page 22 ---
22 
which it paid a net sum of USD 6 million. The C-band auction for spectrum in the 3,700 to 4,200 MHz band 
began on 8 December 8 and ended on 15 January 2021. The spectrum assignment phase has ended on 24 
February 2021. T-Mobile US has spent USD 9.3 billion for licences covering 208m POPs across 72 markets. 
In Europe, Deutsche Telekom and its subsidiaries received the following spectrum up to the end of 2020: 
In the Netherlands, an auction started on 29 June 2020 for spectrum in the 700; 1,500; and 2,100 MHz bands. 
The auction ended with the completion of the allotment phase on 21 July 2020. T-Mobile Netherlands 
successfully bid on a total spectrum of 70 MHz in all three bands for an aggregate amount of EUR 400 million. 
In Hungary, proceedings to re-award 900 and 1,800 MHz spectrum licenses that are due to expire in 2022 
were held on 28 January 2021 and concluded the same day. Magyar Telekom acquired 2x 8 MHz and 2x 20 
MHz in the respective bands for a total price of EUR 123 million (when translated into euros). 
In Austria the auction for spectrum in the 700; 1,500; and 2,100 MHz bands ended on 11 September 2020. 
T-Mobile Austria acquired total spectrum of 100 MHz in all three bands for EUR 89 million.  
In Greece, spectrum was awarded in two phases. OTE's subsidiary Cosmote received total spectrum worth 
EUR 110 million in the first phase followed by spectrum worth around EUR 14 million in the second phase.  
Slovakia successfully concluded its auction for the 700, 900, and 1,800 MHz bands in November 2020, with 
Slovak Telekom acquiring spectrum for a total sum of EUR 33 million.  
In the Czech Republic, the auction that had been rescheduled on account of COVID-19 for the 700 MHz and 
3,400 to 3,600 MHz bands was also held in November 2020. T-Mobile Czech Republic secured spectrum 
worth EUR 72 million (when translated into euros).  
In 2021 Deutsche Telekom expects further spectrum awards, such as auctions as well as license extensions 
in Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and the USA. 
Major Regulatory Decisions 
The business activities of Deutsche Telekom are largely subject to national and European regulation, which 
is associated with extensive powers to intervene in its product design and pricing. Deutsche Telekom was 
again subject to extensive regulation in its mobile and fixed-network businesses in 2020. 
REGULATION 
The Federal Cabinet of Germany (Bundeskabinett) approved the draft for the amendment of the German 
Telecommunications Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz, TKG) on 16 December 2020. The amendment is 
necessary in order to transpose European requirements from the European Electronic Communications Code 
into national law. The biggest changes affect consumer protection regulations, the regulation of "very high 
capacity networks" (including FTTH), spectrum regulation, and the regulations on universal service. In view 
of the Code's implementation deadlines, the amended Act should have been published by the end of 2020 at 
the latest. The need for further readings in the legislative process delayed the publication of the Act. It is now 
expected in the first half of 2021. The Code is also being transposed into national law in countries where 
Deutsche Telekom's European subsidiaries conduct their business. In some, this process was completed by 
the end of 2020, whereas in others implementation will take until 2021. 
The European Commission launched a consultation procedure on the future regulation of international 
roaming in summer 2020. The current regulation applies price caps through 2022 on the roaming charges 
that European mobile network operators can bill peer operators for the use of roaming services. In addition 
to the future regulation of these charges, the Commission also consulted on whether and which rules will 
apply in the future to roaming for the Internet of Things (IoT) and to roaming access to value-added services 
and emergency call numbers. 
On 18 December 2020, the European Commission published a Delegated Act setting single maximum Union-
wide mobile (MTR) and fixed-network (FTR) termination rates. The Commission proposes a phased reduction 
of MTRs to a uniform level of 0.2 eurocents/min. by 2024. FTRs are to be reduced sooner, to 0.07 
eurocents/min. EU-wide by 2022. The Delegated Act is expected to enter into force in the first half of 2021; 
from the date of effect, member states will have a transition period of two months to apply the price caps 
contained in the Act.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
DEVELOPMENT OF DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S BUSINESS 
Potential investors should read the following discussion in conjunction with Deutsche Telekom's annual 
consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, including 
the notes to those consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS are 
dependent upon and sensitive to accounting methods, assumptions and estimates that Deutsche Telekom 
uses as bases for the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. The strategies and expectations 
referred to in the following discussions are considered forward-looking statements and may be strongly 
influenced or changed by shifts in market conditions, new initiatives Deutsche Telekom implements and other 
factors. Deutsche Telekom cannot provide assurance that the strategies and expectations referred to in these 
discussions will come to fruition. 
The sections "Development of Deutsche Telekom's Business", "Financial Information concerning Deutsche 
Telekom's Assets and Liabilities" and "Financial Position and Profits and Losses" contain so-called alternative 
performance measures, such as EBITDA, EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL margin, special factors, Free Cash Flow 
(before dividend payments and spectrum investment), Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend payments and 
spectrum investment), Cash Capex, Net debt and Relative debt. For further information also see section 
"Alternative Performance Measures (APM)". 
Consolidated Income Statement of Deutsche Telekom 
The following table presents information concerning Deutsche Telekom's consolidated income statements for 
the periods indicated. 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
NET REVENUE 
100,999 
80,531 
PROFIT (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS (EBIT) 
12,804 
9,457 
PROFIT (LOSS) FROM FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 
(4,128) 
(2,197) 
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
8,677 
7,260 
PROFIT (LOSS) 
6,747 
5,268 
PROFIT (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO 
 
 
Owners of the parent (net profit (loss))  
4,158 
3,867 
Non-controlling interests 
2,589 
1,401

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Results of Operations of the Group 
Net Revenue 
In 2020, Deutsche Telekom generated net revenue of EUR 101.0 billion, which was 25.4 per cent. or 
EUR 20.5 billion up on the 2019 level. In organic terms, i.e., assuming a comparable composition of the 
Group in 2019 and excluding exchange rate effects, revenue developed positively, with growth of EUR 2.9 
billion or 3.0 per cent. For a comparison on an organic basis, net revenue in 2019 was raised by EUR 19.2 
billion to account for effects of changes in the composition of the Group – primarily from the acquisition of 
Sprint in the United States operating segment – and net exchange rate effects of EUR -1.6 billion were taken 
into account. 
The United States operating segment in particular contributed to the positive revenue trend with an increase 
of 51.4 per cent. Adjusted for the acquisition of Sprint and exchange rate effects, revenue was up 5.0 per 
cent. against the 2019 level. Revenue in the German home market was slightly up on the 2019 level, 
increasing by 0.2 per cent. This slight increase was mainly due to the positive trend in fixed-network 
business on the back of revenue growth in the broadband business and invariable call charges. This offset 
the decline in revenue in the mobile business. The COVID-19 pandemic had a negative impact on roaming, 
visitor, and terminal equipment revenues, and resulted in delays or postponements to current orders in B2B 
telecommunications business. In the Europe operating segment, revenue decreased by 2.2 per cent, mainly 
due to exchange rate effects. In organic terms, revenue remained stable at the 2019 level, despite the 
deterioration in economic conditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The fixed-network business performed 
well, recording increases in broadband and TV revenues. Revenues from mobile business decreased 
slightly, primarily driven by declines in roaming and visitor revenues as a result of travel restrictions, some 
of which are still in place or have been reimposed, and in low-margin terminal equipment business. These 
negative effects have been partially offset by increases in higher-margin service revenues. Total revenue in 
the Systems Solutions operating segment decreased by 5.6 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, reflecting 
the COVID-19-induced decline of the IT market in Western Europe. The upward revenue trend in Deutsche 
Telekom's growth areas public cloud and security was not sufficient to offset the declines in traditional IT 
and project business. The development of Deutsche Telekom's growth area digital solutions was particularly 
affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the automotive industry. Total revenue in the Group 
Development operating segment increased by 3.1 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019, thanks to the 
operational growth of the two subsidiaries, T‐Mobile Netherlands and DFMG. 
Contribution of the segments to net revenue. 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Change  
Change per cent. 
NET REVENUE 
100,999 
80,531 
20,468 
25.4 
Germany 
23,779 
23,730 
49 
0.2 
United States 
61,208 
40,420 
20,788 
51.4 
Europe 
11,335 
11,587 
(252) 
(2.2) 
Systems Solutions 
4,178 
4,424 
(246) 
(5.6) 
Group Development 
2,883 
2,797 
86 
3.1 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
2,556 
2,627 
(71) 
(2.7) 
Intersegment revenue 
(4,941) 
(5,055) 
114 
2.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 60.6 per cent, the United States operating segment provided by far the largest contribution to net revenue 
of the Group in 2020 and in particular thanks to the acquisition of Sprint was up 10.4 percentage points above 
the level in 2019. In this connection, the proportion of net revenue generated internationally also increased 
significantly from 69.5 per cent. to 75.5 per cent.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Adjusted EBITDA AL, EBITDA AL 
Adjusted EBITDA AL increased by EUR 10.3 billion or 41.6 per cent. to EUR 35.0 billion in 2020 compared 
to 2019. But even in organic terms, adjusted EBITDA AL increased by EUR 2.6 billion or 7.9 per cent. For a 
comparison on an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA AL in 2019 was raised by EUR 8.2 billion to account for 
effects of changes in the composition of the Group and net exchange rate effects of EUR -0.5 billion were 
taken into account.  
All segments, with the exception of the Systems Solutions operating segment, made a positive contribution 
to this development: Adjusted EBITDA AL of the United States operating segment increased significantly, 
particularly on the back of higher service and terminal equipment revenues in connection with the acquisition 
of Sprint. In organic terms, adjusted EBITDA AL grew by 10.8 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019. These 
increases were offset by higher operating expenses, primarily in connection with the acquisition of Sprint. 
The Germany operating segment contributed to this result thanks to a slightly positive revenue trend, and 
improved cost efficiency with 1.6 per cent. higher adjusted EBITDA AL. Adjusted EBITDA AL in the Europe 
operating segment remained stable. In organic terms, it increased by as much as 2.1 per cent. The main 
factor in this trend was savings in indirect costs. In the Systems Solutions operating segment, adjusted 
EBITDA AL declined by 6.0 per cent; excluding negative exchange rate effects the decline would have been 
1.8 per cent. The decline was mainly caused by the decrease in earnings in traditional IT and project 
business, partly due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase of 6.6 per cent. in adjusted 
EBITDA AL in the Group Development operating segment was driven by revenue growth, synergies from 
the acquisition of Tele2 Netherlands, and efficient management of costs at T‐Mobile Netherlands. The GD 
Towers business also continued to post consistent growth on the back of rising volumes. 
EBITDA AL increased by EUR 10.0 billion or 43.4 per cent. to EUR 33.2 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, 
with special factors changing from EUR -1.6 billion to EUR -1.8 billion. Net expenses incurred in connection 
with staff-related measures were recorded as special factors and decreased by EUR 0.4 billion to EUR -1.3 
billion in 2020 compared to 2019. In addition, expenses of EUR 1.7 billion were recorded as special factors 
under gains/losses from deconsolidations, disposals, and acquisitions. These expenses were incurred in 
connection with the approval process for the business combination of T‐Mobile US and Sprint, with 
acquisition and integration costs, with restructuring costs to realize cost efficiencies from the business 
combination, and with a reduction in the useful life of leased network technology for cell sites. EUR 0.2 billion 
related to the derecognition of a billing software for postpaid customers, which was still in development, in 
the United States operating segment. A transaction fee of EUR 0.3 billion received from SoftBank in return 
for support in the immediate sale by SoftBank of T‐Mobile US shares had an offsetting effect. In 2019, 
expenses of EUR 0.5 billion had been recorded as special factors in connection with gains/losses from 
deconsolidations, disposals, and acquisitions. Reversals of impairment losses recorded as special factors 
of EUR 1.6 billion resulted from the partial reversal of impairment losses on spectrum licenses at T‐Mobile 
US. Furthermore, the agreed sale of the Romanian fixed-network business resulted in a reversal of 
impairment losses on property, plant and equipment of EUR 50 million recorded in the course of 2020. Other 
special factors affecting EBITDA AL amounted to EUR -0.5 billion and mainly relate to expenses incurred in 
the United States operating segment in the first half of 2020 in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
2020 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group 
EBITDA per cent. 
2019 
millions of 
EUR 
Proportion of 
adjusted 
Group 
EBITDA per cent. 
Change 
millions of 
EUR 
Change 
per cent. 
EBITDA (ADJUSTED FOR 
SPECIAL FACTORS) IN THE 
GROUP 
35,017 
100.0 
24,731 
100.0 
10,286 
41.6 
Germany 
9,231 
26.4 
9,083 
36.7 
148 
1.6 
United States 
20,997 
60.0 
11,134 
45.0 
9,863 
88.6 
Europe 
3,910 
11.2 
3,910 
18.8 
0 
0.0 
Systems Solutions 
235 
0.7 
250 
1.9 
(15) 
(6.0) 
Group Development 
1,101 
3.1 
1,033 
4.2 
68 
6.6 
Group Headquarters & Group 
Services 
(429) 
(1.2) 
(650) 
(2.6) 
221 
34.0 
Reconciliation 
(28) 
(0.1) 
(29) 
(0.1) 
1 
3.4

--- Page 26 ---
26 
EBIT 
Group EBIT increased from EUR 9.5 billion to EUR 12.8 billion, up EUR 3.3 billion or 35.4 per cent. against 
2019. This increase is due in particular to the effects described under adjusted EBITDA AL and EBITDA AL. 
Depreciation and amortization stood at EUR 25.0 billion overall, up EUR 7.8 billion compared to 2019. This 
increase is mainly attributable to Sprint, which has been included since 1 April 2020. Impairment losses on 
non-current assets reduced EBIT by EUR 0.8 billion. A total of EUR 0.5 billion of this related to the Systems 
Solutions operating segment and the Group Headquarters & Group Services segment, EUR 0.2 billion to 
the Europe operating segment, and EUR 0.1 billion to the United States operating segment. 
Profit before income taxes 
Profit before income taxes increased by EUR 1.4 billion, mainly for the aforementioned reasons. The loss 
from financial activities increased by EUR 1.9 billion to EUR 4.1 billion. This increase is primarily due to a 
EUR 1.9 billion increase in finance costs to EUR 4.2 billion, mainly due to the financial liabilities recognized 
and the restructuring begun in connection with the acquisition of Sprint, and the related increase in financing, 
including the handling charges incurred for a briefly utilized bridge loan facility. Other financial 
income/expense was unchanged at EUR 0.1 billion. This development was attributable to the increase 
compared to 2019 in gains from financial instruments, due, among other factors, to the subsequent 
measurement of the stock options to buy shares in T‐Mobile US received from SoftBank in June 2020. Lower 
measurement effects from embedded derivatives at T‐Mobile US compared with 2019 and higher interest 
expense from the measurement of provisions and liabilities had an offsetting effect. 
Net profit/loss 
Net profit increased by EUR 0.3 billion to EUR 4.2 billion in 2020 compared to 2019. Tax expense came to 
EUR 1.9 billion compared with EUR 2.0 billion in 2019. Profit attributable to non-controlling interests increased 
by EUR 1.2 billion to EUR 2.6 billion, mainly in the United States operating segment. This increase related to 
the positive development in operations and the decrease in T‐Mobile US' capital share as a result of the Sprint 
transaction. Excluding special factors, which had a negative overall effect of EUR 1.6 billion on net profit, 
adjusted net profit amounted to EUR 5.7 billion, up against the level in 2019 of EUR 4.9 billion. 
Financial Position of the Group 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2020 
Change 
31 Dec. 2019 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
CURRENT ASSETS 
37,293 
12,604 
24,689 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
227,624 
81,641 
145,983 
TOTAL ASSETS 
264,917 
94,245 
170,672 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
 
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
37,135 
4,222 
32,913 
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
155,232 
63,704 
91,528 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
72,550 
26,319 
46,231 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
264,917 
94,245 
170,672

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Financial liabilities of the Group 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
31 Dec. 2020 
 
Total 
Due within 
≤ 1 year 
Due 
>1 year 
≤ 5 years 
Due 
> 5 years 
Bonds and other securitised liabilities 
87,702 
5,282 
25,681 
56,739 
Liabilities to banks 
5,257 
2,152 
1,666 
1,439 
Total 
92,959 
7,435 
27,347 
58,178 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities to non-banks from promissory note bonds 
490 
0 
53 
437 
Liabilities with the right of creditors to priority repayment 
in the event of default 
3,886 
859 
2,257 
769 
Other interest-bearing liabilities 
7,206 
2,711 
1,958 
2,537 
Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 
1,703 
1,563 
134 
6 
Derivative financial liabilities 
864 
85 
252 
527 
Total 
14,149 
5,217 
4,655 
4,277 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
107,108 
12,652 
32,002 
62,455 
LEASE LIABILITIES 
32,715 
5,108 
12,610 
14,997 
Net debt increased from EUR 76.0 billion at the end of 2019 to EUR 120.2 billion at the end of 2020. The vast 
majority of this increase is attributable to the business combination of T‐Mobile US and Sprint, and the 
modification of leases signed with American Tower in the United States. Key investments in spectrum licenses 
also had an increasing effect. Factors positively influencing net debt were the positive free cash flow (before 
dividend payments and spectrum investment) of EUR 10.8 billion, exchange rate effects of EUR 8.0 billion 
and the sale of Sprint's prepaid business to DISH (EUR 1.2 billion). Effects increasing net debt were dividend 
payments including non-controlling interests (EUR 3.1 billion), the addition to lease liabilities (EUR 14.3 
billion), acquisition of spectrum (EUR 1.7 billion), forward-payer swaps at T-Mobile US (EUR 1.1 billion), and 
the acquisition of Simpel in the Netherlands (EUR 0.3 billion). Other effects of EUR 0.4 billion include, among 
other factors, recognition of liabilities for the acquisition of media broadcasting rights, financing options under 
which the payments for trade payables become due at a later point in time by involving banks in the process, 
and offsetting effects from the measurement of embedded derivatives at T‐Mobile US. 
Off-balance-sheet financial instruments mainly relate to the sale of receivables by means of factoring. Total 
receivables sold as of 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 3.1 billion (31 December 2019: EUR 4.2 billion). 
This mainly relates to factoring agreements in the United States and Germany operating segments. The 
decline in 2020 compared to 2019 was mainly attributable to the contractual termination of a revolving 
factoring agreement in the Germany operating segment. The agreements are used in particular for active 
receivables management. 
Furthermore, in 2020 Deutsche Telekom chose financing options totaling EUR 0.2 billion (2019: EUR 0.7 
billion) which extended the period of payment for trade payables from operating and investing activities by 
involving banks in the process and which upon payment are shown under cash flows used in/from financing 
activities. As a result, these payables are shown under financial liabilities in the statement of financial position.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Condensed consolidated statement of cashflows of the Group 
millions of EUR 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  
23,743 
23,074 
Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum investment) 
and property, plant and equipment (CASH CAPEX) 
(16,990) 
(13,118) 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipment 
236 
176 
FREE CASH FLOW (BEFORE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS AND SPECTRUM INVEST) 
10,756 
10,133 
 
 
 
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
(22,649) 
(14,230) 
 
 
 
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
7,561 
(7,141) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
(1,036) 
11 
Changes in cash and cash equivalents associated with non-current assets and disposal groups held for 
sale 
(73) 
0 
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  
7,547 
1,713 
 
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR 
12,939 
5,393 
Free cash flow of the Group before dividend payments and spectrum investment grew from EUR 10.1 billion 
in 2019 to EUR 10.8 billion in 2020. Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) 
decreased by EUR 0.7 billion to EUR 6.3 billion in 2020 compared to 2019. The following effects impacted 
on this development: Excluding interest payments for zero-coupon bonds and the premature termination of 
forward-payer swaps concluded for borrowings at T‐Mobile US, net cash from operating activities increased 
by EUR 4.4 billion. The sustained strong performance of the operating segments, especially the United 
States, including Sprint, had an increasing effect on net cash from operating activities. Higher (net) interest 
payments, which were up by EUR 2.1 billion in total, mainly as a result of the financial liabilities recognized 
and the restructuring begun in connection with the acquisition of Sprint, and the related increase in financing, 
including the handling charges incurred for a briefly utilized bridge loan facility, had a negative effect. Income 
tax payments decreased by EUR 0.1 billion compared with 2019. Factoring agreements of EUR 0.8 billion 
had a negative impact on net cash from operating activities in 2020, mainly as a result of the contractual 
termination of a revolving factoring agreement in the Germany operating segment. In 2019, factoring 
agreements had had negative effects of EUR 0.3 billion. 
Cash capex (before spectrum investment) increased by EUR 3.9 billion compared with 2019, largely on 
account of the inclusion of Sprint and the ongoing 5G network build-out in the United States. Cash capex in 
the Germany operating segment decreased slightly. Capital expenditure in the Germany operating segment 
totaled around EUR 4.2 billion in 2020, in particular for the build-out of the 5G and fiber-optic networks. In 
the Europe operating segment, cash capex stood at EUR 1.8 billion, which was slightly up compared to 
2019. Here, Deutsche Telekom also continues to invest in the provision of broadband and fiber-optic 
technology and in 5G as part of its integrated network strategy. The increase in repayments of lease liabilities 
was due in particular to payments for leases in the United States operating segment, partly as a result of 
the inclusion of Sprint, and partly as a result of payments for new leases concluded in 2020 for network 
technology and cell sites in connection with the 5G network build-out.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Research and Development 
Expenditure and investment in research and development 
Research and development (R&D) expenditure includes pre-production research and development, such as 
the search for alternative products, processes, systems, and services. By contrast, Deutsche Telekom does 
not class as R&D expenditure the costs of developing system and user software which is designed to 
improve productivity and make our business processes more effective. R&D expenditure in the Deutsche 
Telekom Group amounted to EUR 33.1 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 45.4 million). In 2020, the Group's 
investments in internally generated intangible assets to be capitalized were also up in 2020 at EUR 448.4 
million compared with EUR 344.2 million for 2019. These investments predominantly relate to internally 
developed software, mainly in Deutsche Telekom's Group Headquarters & Group Services segment and the 
Systems Solutions operating segment. 
Outlook 
Market Expectations 
Macroeconomic development 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in spring 2020 plunged the global economy into a deep recession. 
As the virus began its spread worldwide, countries responded with copious containment measures, including 
restrictions on social contact and travel, business closures, and bans on mass events. States and central 
banks rolled out far-reaching monetary and fiscal policy measures to cushion the economic downturn.  
As the crisis progressed, leading economic research institutes made substantial downward adjustments to 
their outlooks for world economic output. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) projects a 4.4 per cent. 
decline in world economic output for 2020. Economic output in Deutsche Telekom's core markets also 
shrank in 2020. After bottoming out in the second quarter of 2020, economic activity had moved into a period 
of recovery as containment measures were lifted and infection rates went down. However, the rate of 
recovery began to slow again in fall 2020 due to the renewed acceleration of the pandemic, resulting in 
tighter containment measures in many areas and changes in people's behavior. The IMF expects the global 
economy to only partially recover in 2021 given that economic activity will remain significantly below the 
level that had been projected before the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
GDP in Germany decreased by 5.0 per cent. in 2020 compared to 2019. The COVID-19 pandemic affected 
individual industry sectors to varying extents. Economic output in the United States declined by 3.5 per cent. 
in 2020, with the U.S. economy hitting its lowest point in April 2020. This was followed by a period of recovery 
as social contact restrictions were lifted, although this recovery lost momentum in the second half of 2020 
as infection rates began to rise again. In the countries of the Europe operating segment, those economies 
that are heavily reliant on the service sector were hit particularly hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. Domestic 
consumption declined across all footprint countries; rising unemployment rates were kept in check primarily 
thanks to state aid programs in many places. 
Germany 
According to EITO, revenue from IT products and services, telecommunications, and consumer electronics 
decreased by 0.1 per cent. to EUR 143.5 billion in Germany in 2020, largely driven by the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The decline was felt mainly in telecommunications revenue (telecommunications 
services, terminal equipment, and infrastructure), which decreased by 0.6 per cent. to EUR 56.8 billion. 
Revenue with information technology increased slightly by 0.3 per cent. to EUR 86.7 billion.  
The number of broadband lines in Germany grew by 2.4 per cent. in 2020 to around 36.7 million, according 
to EITO. For 2021, the number of broadband lines is expected to grow by a further 2.5 per cent. to 37.5 
million. Companies with their own infrastructure benefited the most from this market growth, along with 
resellers and regional providers.   
In the German mobile market, service revenues increased by 0.4 per cent. against 2019 to approximately 
EUR 20.0 billion. This revenue growth was driven largely by the continued rise in data usage, which was 
offset by regulatory effects as well as sustained price and competitive pressure. Mobile data usage continues 
to increase strongly on the back of growing use of products such as mobile video apps.  
Digitalization is continuing apace, and as a result there is also growing demand by the industry for more 
connectivity to allow machines and production sites to be networked and to tap efficiencies in value chains. 
Extensive IT and cloud solutions, as well as intelligent approaches to M2M communication are needed in 
order to meet these demands.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
UNITED STATES 
In the United States, the COVID-19 pandemic dampened the economy and the mobile communications 
sector due in part to the temporary closure of shops and offices. In parallel, the increased use of video 
conferencing and streaming services caused a sharp rise in data traffic over the networks. Despite the higher 
loads, both the mobile networks and the mobile communications industry as a whole proved resilient during 
these times.  
In the U.S. mobile communications market, the business combination of T‐Mobile US and Sprint has created 
a market with three national mobile providers alongside various regional network operators. Additionally, an 
array of mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) offer mobile services, using the networks of one or more 
of the three national carriers to transmit their voice and data traffic.  
The entry of satellite TV operator DISH into the market is expected to add new competitive pressure: DISH 
holds licenses to vast swaths of airwaves and has announced plans for building its own 5G network in 2021. 
DISH benefited from the business combination of T‐Mobile US and Sprint, consummated in 2020, which 
included the sale of Sprint's prepaid business to DISH effective 1 July 2020 as a major prerequisite for the 
U.S. authorities approving the merger.  
In the United States, 5G commercialization continues to move at a swift pace. All three nationwide mobile 
providers have launched 5G services, as have a number of regional providers. 5G is being built out in the 
United States utilizing both sub-6 GHz spectrum and millimeter wave (mmWave). T‐Mobile US's 5G network 
now covers 280 million people in the United States. All carriers will continue to expand their networks in the 
coming months according to different models which, for the time being, emphasize different spectrum bands.  
For its part, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has taken various steps to encourage 
investment in mobile communications. For example, to help providers prepare for the deployment of 5G 
networks, the FCC has cleared regulatory hurdles, and preempted several state and local obstacles, in 
efforts to streamline the build-out. Additionally, in 2020 the FCC held several auctions for spectrum integral 
to the 5G build-out. The C-band auction for spectrum in the 3,700 to 4,200 MHz band began on 8 December 
2020 and ended on 15 January 2021. 
EUROPE 
The traditional telecommunications markets in the Europe segment were primarily impacted by the COVID-
19 pandemic in 2020. This resulted, among other effects, in a substantial decline in mobile roaming revenues 
due to travel restrictions in 2020 compared to 2019. Full and partial lockdowns in the footprint countries over 
the course of 2020 led to the temporary closure of shops and other measures. Public life moved online to a 
large extent, driving a corresponding increase in demand for broadband and TV services. According to 
Analysys Mason, fixed-network business (excluding systems solutions business) proved robust and was 
able to offset the decline in revenues from voice telephony. Despite posting losses in roaming business, 
revenue from mobile communications remained stable in 2020 compared to 2019. Overall, revenues were 
on a par with the 2019 level.  
The unabated strong trend towards convergent product packages combining fixed-network and mobile 
communications (FMC) gained further momentum. The experts at Analysys Mason expect FMC revenues 
to grow year-on-year. These integrated convenience packages are enjoying strong growth in Deutsche 
Telekom's companies and, in some areas, already address the majority of consumers, which is having a 
positive impact on customer satisfaction and churn rates.  
For the business customer area, 2020 was a year of manifold opportunities and challenges alike. The latter 
include not least the record low hit by roaming revenues in the European telecommunications market as just 
one of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, the telecommunications industry is emerging 
as one of the winners of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, with most businesses posting stable to rising 
revenues across their mobile communications, fixed-network, and ICT/cloud divisions. So, too, were most 
of Deutsche Telekom's European subsidiaries able to leverage the opportunities arising from the crisis 
despite falling revenues from hard-hit industries, especially tourism, or from postponed tendering processes 
for corporate customer projects. 
SYSTEMS SOLUTIONS 
In the information technology (IT) industry in Deutsche Telekom's core market of Western Europe, the 
volume addressed by the Systems Solutions operating segment and the T‐Systems brand decreased by 
2.6 per cent. in 2020 to EUR 185 billion largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The IT services market, in 
particular, posted revenue declines in 2020, with COVID-19 the biggest contributor to this trend. The effects 
of the global pandemic have negatively affected IT customer spending. Challenging conditions across 
virtually all industries led to the deferral of many large-scale IT projects. However, this trend impacted the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
business areas of the market in very different ways.  
In terms of IT services, demand has grown further for public cloud services and cybersecurity services, as 
has the importance of digitalization, the Internet of Things (including Industry 4.0), and communication 
between machines (M2M). The health sector also developed positively, with growth reaching double digits 
in some areas. By contrast, demand was down in the market segments for traditional infrastructure, project 
business, and SAP services. Business with outsourcing and managed services proved much more resilient. 
The market for cloud-based systems integration services grew by almost 1.5 per cent. despite the COVID-
19 pandemic.  
Competitive and price pressure persisted in all submarkets of the Systems Solutions operating segment. 
This was due on the one hand to competitors from traditional IT services business, such as IBM, Atos, and 
Capgemini, and on the other to cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, Google, and Salesforce. 
Prices were eroded further by providers of services that are delivered primarily offshore (e.g., Tata 
Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro). 
GROUP DEVELOPMENT 
The environment of the Group Development operating segment is largely dominated by the markets served 
by the companies T‐Mobile Netherlands and Deutsche Funkturm (DFMG).  
While the Dutch mobile communications market continues to be characterized by sustained high price 
pressure and intense competition, this is expected to ease moderately in the coming years. The Netherlands 
is ahead of much of Europe with its bundling of fixed-network and mobile products into convergent offers 
(FMC). The dominance of KPN and VodafoneZiggo in fixed-network business is keeping the pressure on 
mobile product pricing high due to the FMC trend. Moreover, the rapid technological transformation calls for 
high investments. Investments in building out 5G network infrastructure continued in 2020 following the 
Dutch 5G auction. 
DFMG is the biggest provider of passive wireless infrastructure for mobile communications and broadcasting 
in Germany. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, the market again saw increased demand for cell sites in 
2020, due on the one hand to the fact that network operators plan to close gaps in coverage, and on the 
other to the fact that demand for mobile data services is growing, which calls for a further increase in the 
density of mobile networks. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Management and Supervision 
The management and supervisory structures, as well as the compensation system for the Board of 
Management and the Supervisory Board, are oriented toward the long-term performance of the Group and 
follow the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code. 
On 30 December 2020, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board declared that in the period 
since submission of the most recent Declaration of Conformity pursuant to § 161 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) on 30 December 2019, Deutsche Telekom AG has complied with the 
recommendations of the Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code announced 
by the Federal Ministry of Justice and for Consumer Protection on 24 April 2017, in the official section of the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), without exception. 
In addition, the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board further declared that Deutsche Telekom 
AG complies with the recommendations of the Government Commission on the German Corporate 
Governance Code, published by the Federal Ministry of Justice and for Consumer Protection in the official 
section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 20 March 2020, without exception. 
Potential conflicts of interest: Dr. Rolf Bösinger is a member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom 
AG and, at the same time, State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Finance. Dr. Günther Bräunig is a 
member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG and is also CEO of the Executive Board at 
Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (KfW). Deutsche Telekom AG is currently involved in legal disputes in which 
the Federal Republic of Germany is the opposing party. In 2020 there were no actual conflicts of interest 
requiring action with any of the aforementioned members of the Supervisory Board. Should a conflict of 
interest arise, the Supervisory Board members will discuss how to proceed with the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board. There are no other potential conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of 
Management and the members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG between their respective 
duties to Deutsche Telekom AG and their private interests or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Management or Supervisory Board is Deutsche 
Telekom AG, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board advises the Board of Management and oversees its management of business. In 
accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the German Co-Determination Act 
of 1976 (Mitbestimmungsgesetz), Deutsche Telekom AG's Supervisory Board consists of twenty members, 
ten of whom represent its shareholders and ten of whom represent its employees. Members of the 
Supervisory Board may be elected for a term of up to five years and re-election is permitted. The Chairman 
and the Deputy Chairman are elected by the Supervisory Board in accordance with the rules of the German 
Co-Determination Act. 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG and their principal occupations are 
listed below: 
Shareholder representatives 
Prof. Dr. Ulrich Lehner, Member of the Shareholders' Committee of Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Düsseldorf, 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, 
Dr. Rolf Bösinger, State Secretary at the Federal Ministry of Finance, Berlin 
Dr. Günther Bräunig, CEO of the Executive Board of KfW, Frankfurt am Main  
Lars Hinrichs, CEO of Cinco Capital GmbH, Hamburg  
Dr. Helga Jung, Former member of the Board of Management of Allianz SE, Munich 
Prof. Dr. Michael Kaschke, Former CEO & President of Carl Zeiss AG, Oberkochen  
Dagmar P. Kollmann, Entrepreneur; member of several supervisory boards and advisory boards as well as 
the Monopolies Commission; former CEO of Morgan Stanley Bank, Frankfurt/Main; Former Member of the 
Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley Bank International Limited, London, United Kingdom 
Harald Krüger, Former Chairman of the Board of Management of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, Munich 
Karl-Heinz Streibich, President of acatech – Deutsche Akademie der Technikwissenschaften (National 
Academy of Science and Engineering), Berlin 
Margret Suckale, Former member of the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen 
Employee representatives 
Odysseus D. Chatzidis, Chairman of the European Works Council of Deutsche Telekom, Bonn 
Constantin Greve, Chairman of the Central Works Council of Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn  
Nicole Koch, Chairwoman of the Works Council at Deutsche Telekom Privatkunden-Vertrieb GmbH, Bonn  
Petra Steffi Kreusel, Senior Vice President, Customer & Public Relations at Deutsche Telekom Business 
Solutions GmbH, Bonn; Group Officer for Digital Education and School at Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn; 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Group Executive Staff Representation Committee of Deutsche Telekom AG, 
Bonn; Chairwoman of the Executive Staff Representation Committee of Deutsche Telekom Business 
Solutions GmbH, Bonn 
Kerstin Marx, Chairwoman of the Group Works Council at Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn  
Frank Sauerland, Head of the Collective Bargaining Policy Committee, TC/IT National Committee at the 
ver.di National Executive Board, Berlin, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Lothar Schröder, Trade Union Secretary, former member of the ver.di National Executive Board, Berlin 
Nicole Seelemann-Wandtke, Deputy Chairwoman of the Works Council of the Consumers unit at Telekom 
Deutschland GmbH, Bonn 
Sibylle Spoo, Lawyer, Trade Union Secretary at the ver.di Federal Administration, Berlin 
Karin Topel, Chairwoman of the Works Council at Deutsche Telekom Technik GmbH, Bonn, Technical 
Branch Office, Eastern District 
Amongst others the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG has set up an audit committee. The Audit 
Committee's area of responsibility is essentially defined by German legislation and the German Corporate 
Governance Code. Amongst other things, it includes, in particular, the monitoring of accounting and the 
accounting process, the effectiveness of the internal control system, risk management, and the internal 
auditing systems, compliance, and data privacy. The Audit Committee also handles matters relating to the 
audit of Deutsche Telekom AG's financial statements, in particular selecting and ensuring the independence

--- Page 33 ---
33 
of the external auditor, and monitors the additional services provided by the external auditor, the 
commissioning of the external auditor, the stipulation of the main focuses of the audit, and the agreement 
on fees. 
Dagmar P. Kollmann is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The other Committee members are 
Rolf Bösinger, Michael Kaschke, Kerstin Marx, Petra Steffi Kreusel and Sibylle Spoo. 
The Board of Management 
The Board of Management responsibilities were distributed across eight Board departments. Four of these 
are the central management areas: 
– Chairman of the Board of Management 
and the Board departments 
– Finance 
– Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
– Technology and Innovation 
In addition, there are four segment-based Board departments:  
– Germany 
– Europe  
– T-Systems 
– USA and Group development 
Composition of the Board of Management 
Members of the Board of 
Management 
Department  
Principal outside functions  
Timotheus Höttges 
Chairman of the Board of Management 
(CEO) 
Member of supervisory boards of FC Bayern 
München AG, Munich, Daimler AG, Stuttgart and 
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Düsseldorf 
Adel Al-Saleh 
T-Systems 
Member of the Board of Directors, BT Group plc, 
London, United Kingdom 
Srini Gopalan 
Germany 
none 
Dr. Christian P. Illek 
Finance (CFO) 
none 
Dominique Leroy 
Europe 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Koninklijke 
Ahold Delhaize N.V., Zaandam, the Netherlands, 
Member of the Board of Directors of Compagnie de 
Saint-Gobain SA, Courbevoie, France, Board 
member at 
Telenco Group, Moirans, France 
Birgit Bohle 
Human Resources and Legal Affairs 
none 
Claudia Nemat 
Technology and Innovation 
Member of supervisory boards of Airbus Group SE, 
Leiden, Netherlands and Airbus Defence and Space 
GmbH, Ottobrunn 
Thorsten Langheim 
USA and Group Development 
none 
 
Employees 
Deutsche Telekom Group's headcount increased by 7.5 per cent. in 2020 compared with end of 2019, mainly 
due to the integration of Sprint employees in the United States. The developments were varied across the 
segments. The number of employees in the Germany operating segment decreased by 4.4 per cent. 
compared with 2019 due to the take-up of socially responsible instruments in connection with the staff 
restructuring. The total number of employees in the United States operating segment increased by 50.7 per 
cent. as of 31 December 2020 compared with the end of 2019, primarily due to the integration of the Sprint 
workforce. In the Europe operating segment, the headcount was down 7.1 per cent. compared with the end 
of 2019, with staff levels decreasing in Hungary, Greece and Romania in particular in particular. The total 
headcount in the Systems Solutions operating segment was down 4.7 per cent. against the end of 2019, 
primarily as a result of efficiency enhancement measures. In the Group Development operating segment, the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
3.1 per cent. increase in the number of employees can be attributed to the insourcing of activities previously 
carried out externally to achieve cost savings at T-Mobile Netherlands. The headcount in the Group 
Headquarters & Group Services segment was down 4.1 per cent. compared with the end of 2019, mainly due 
to ongoing staff restructuring at Vivento. 
Headcount development. 
 
 
 
Full time employees in the Group 
31 Dec. 2020 
31 Dec. 2019 
TOTAL 
226,291 
210,533 
Of which: Deutsche Telekom AG  
15,374 
17,461 
Of which: civil servants (in Germany, with an active service relationship) 
10,583 
12,153 
Germany operating segment 
66,051 
69,117 
United States operating segment 
71,303 
47,312 
Europe operating segment 
41,273 
44,410 
Systems Solutions operating segment 
28,395 
29,800 
Group Development 
2,684 
2,603 
Group Headquarters & Group Services 
16,585 
17,292 
Civil Servants 
Although no employees hired after 1 January 1995 have been granted civil servant status, Deutsche 
Telekom employs a substantial number of civil servants. Pursuant to the law governing Deutsche Telekom's 
privatisation, its civil servant employees retained their civil servant status. Accordingly, the terms and 
conditions of their employment and the benefits owed to them continue to be governed by German 
regulations regarding civil servants. Civil servants are tenured employees and may not be unilaterally 
terminated except in extraordinary, statutorily defined circumstances. Although Deutsche Telekom is 
authorised, pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, to exercise generally the rights and duties of 
Germany as the employer of civil servants, the Federal Postal and Telecommunication Agency 
(Bundesanstalt für Post und Telekommunikation or the Federal Agency) has a right of consultation in the 
implementation of certain aspects of the terms under which Deutsche Telekom employs civil servants. 
Under the German Postal Employees Act (Postpersonalrechtsgesetz), which governs the legal position of 
civil servants at Deutsche Telekom AG, Deutsche Telekom has been given greater flexibility with respect to 
its relationship with its civil servants. Under certain circumstances, civil servants may also be transferred, 
even without their consent, to companies in which Deutsche Telekom AG has a direct or indirect majority 
shareholding. However, there is a risk that civil servants temporarily without civil servant status may return 
to Deutsche Telekom AG, for example, after the completion of their work at one of Deutsche Telekom's 
subsidiaries.  
Civil servants employed by Deutsche Telekom are entitled to pension benefits provided by the German 
federal government pursuant to the German Civil Servants' Benefits Act (Beamtenversorgungsgesetz). 
Pursuant to the law governing its privatisation, Deutsche Telekom is required to make annual contributions 
to a special pension fund established to fund such pension obligations (Bundes-Pensions-Service für Post 
und Telekommunikation e.V., the "BPS-PT").  
Pensions 
Deutsche Telekom manages its pension commitments based on the Group-wide Global Pension Policy. It 
ensures on a worldwide basis that Group minimum standards regarding the granting and management of 
company pension benefits are complied with, plans are harmonised, and other risks to the core business 
are avoided or reduced. In addition, the policy provides guidelines for the implementation and management 
of pension commitments and defines requirements for the launch, adjustment, and closure of corresponding 
plans. The regulations and provisions laid down in this Group policy take into account the national 
differences in state pension and other commitments under labor, tax, and social law and the common 
business practices in the area of pension commitments.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
The worldwide obligations and the existing plan assets at fair value are regularly tested for risk-reducing 
measures, for example by executing asset liability studies and regular benefit audits. 
As of 31 December 2020, the defined benefit liability amounted to EUR 7.7 billion, compared to EUR 5.8 
billion as at year end 2019. The increase in provisions for pensions was mainly due to the decline in the 
price of the shares in BT, which had been transferred to plan assets, as well as discount rate adjustments, 
which resulted in an actuarial loss of EUR 1.4 billion from the remeasurement of defined benefit plans. In 
addition, the carrying amount increased by EUR 0.8 billion due to the change in the composition of the Group 
in connection with the business combination of T‐Mobile US and Sprint. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
Below the holders of more than 3 per cent. of Deutsche Telekom's ordinary shares and their percentage of 
ownership, based on information supplied to Deutsche Telekom AG by such holders. 
KfW: 
17.41 per cent. 
Federal Republic of Germany: 
14.48 per cent. 
Blackrock:  
4.91 per cent. 
The Federal Republic of Germany administers its shareholdings and exercises its rights as a shareholder of 
Deutsche Telekom AG through the German Finance Ministry. In their capacities as shareholders, the 
Federal Republic of Germany and KfW may exercise only those rights that they have under the Stock 
Corporation Act and Deutsche Telekom AG's Articles of Incorporation, which are the same for all of Deutsche 
Telekom AG's shareholders. 
At present, the Finance Ministry and KfW each have one representative on Deutsche Telekom AG's 
Supervisory Board.  
Major Shareholders do not have different voting rights from any of Deutsche Telekom AG's other 
shareholders. 
KfW is 80 per cent. owned by the Federal Republic of Germany. The Federal Republic of Germany has 
publicly stated its intention to reduce its holdings of Deutsche Telekom AG shares. Deutsche Telekom AG 
does not expect that a reduction in the holdings of Deutsche Telekom AG's shares by the Federal Republic 
of Germany or KfW will have a material negative effect on Deutsche Telekom AG's governance or business. 
Share Capital 
As of 31 December 2020, the share capital of Deutsche Telekom AG amounted to EUR 12,189,334,005.76 
divided into 4,761,458,596 registered ordinary shares without par value (Stückaktien). All shares have been 
issued and are fully paid.  
Voting Rights 
Each share entitles the holder to one vote. These voting rights are restricted, however, in relation to treasury 
shares and shares allocable to Deutsche Telekom in the same way as treasury shares (at 31 December 2020: 
around 18 million in total).  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING DEUTSCHE TELEKOM'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Audit of historical annual financial information 
Deutsche Telekom's consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union ("EU") ("IFRS") as well as with the regulations under commercial law as set 
forth in § 315e(1) HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch - German Commercial Code). PwC has audited Deutsche

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Telekom's consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 and an unqualified auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) has been issued in each case. 
Selected Financial data of Deutsche Telekom Group 
 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Change 
 -compared to 
prior year 
per cent. a  
billions of EUR 
billions of EUR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REVENUE AND EARNINGS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net revenue 
25.4 
101.0 
80.5 
 
 
 
Of which: domestic a 
per cent. 
(6.0) 
24.5 
30.5 
 
 
 
Of which: international a 
per cent. 
6.0 
75.5 
69.5 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) 
35.4 
12.8 
9.5 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) attributable to the owner of the parent (net 
profit (loss)) 
7.5 
4.2 
3.9 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
42.5 
38.6 
27.1 
 
 
 
EBITDA AL 
43.4 
33.2 
23.1 
 
 
 
EBITDA (adjusted for special factors) 
40.6 
40.4 
28.7 
 
 
 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) 
41.6 
35.0 
24.7 
 
 
 
EBITDA AL margin (adjusted for special factors) a 
per cent.  
4.0 
34.7 
30.7 
 
 
 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF 
31 DECEMBER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets 
55.2 
264.9 
170.7 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
56.9 
72.6 
46.2 
 
 
 
Equity ratio (Shareholders' equity/Total assets) a 
per cent. 
0.3 
27.4 
27.1 
 
 
 
Net debt 
58.1 
120.2 
76.0 
 
 
 
Relative debt (Net debt/EBITDA (adjusted for special 
factors)) a 
- 
2.78 
2.65 
 
 
 
 
CASH FLOWS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
2.9 
23.7 
23.1 
 
 
 
Net cash used in investing activities 
59.2 
(22.6) 
(14.2) 
 
 
 
Net cash (used in) from financing activities 
n.a. 
7.6 
(7.1) 
 
 
 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and 
spectrum investment)  b 
6.1 
10.8 
10.1 
 
 
 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and 
spectrum investment)  b 
(10.3) 
6.3 
7.0 
 
 
 
a Calculated on the basis of millions for the purpose of greater precision. Changes to percentages expressed as 
percentage points. 
b And before interest payments for zero-coupon bonds and termination of forward-payer swaps at T‐Mobile US (both 
in 2020).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (APM) 
Deutsche Telekom uses certain alternative performance measures, which are non-GAAP figures not 
governed by IFRS. They should not be viewed in isolation as an alternative to profit or loss from operations, 
net profit or loss, net cash from operating activities, the liabilities reported in the consolidated statement of 
financial position, or other Deutsche Telekom key performance indicators presented in accordance with IFRS. 
EBITDA corresponds to EBIT (profit/loss from operations) before depreciation, amortization and impairment 
losses. EBITDA AL is calculated by adjusting EBITDA for depreciation of the right-of-use assets and for 
interest expenses on recognized lease liabilities. Both significantly increase EBITDA without any attendant 
change in the economic circumstances. EBIT, EBITDA and EBITDA AL measure the short-term operational 
performance and the success of individual business areas. Deutsche Telekom also uses EBITDA AL 
margins11 to show how these indicators develop in relation to revenue. This makes it possible to compare 
the earnings performance of profit-oriented units of different sizes. 
Special factors have an impact on the presentation of operations, making it more difficult to compare 
performance indicators with corresponding figures for prior periods. For this reason, Deutsche Telekom 
additionally adjusts its performance indicators to provide transparency. Without this adjustment, statements 
about the future development of earnings are only possible to a limited extent. The adjusted values are 
calculated on the basis of the unadjusted performance indicators. 
The special factors which are used to calculate some alternative performance measures comprise staff-
related measures (such as early retirement compensation, severance and voluntary redundancy models), 
non-staff related restructuring, effects of de-consolidations, disposals and acquisitions, impairment losses 
and other effects that generally do not arise in conjunction within the ordinary course of business. 
Free Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment) and Free Cash Flow AL (before 
dividend payments and spectrum investment) are the main measures for providers of debt capital and 
equity. It measures the potential for further developing the Company, e.g. for generating organic growth and 
the ability to pay dividends and repay debt. Free Cash Flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment) is determined by adjusting Free Cash Flow (before dividend payments and spectrum 
investment) for repayments of lease liabilities. 
Cash capex relates to cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before 
spectrum investment) and property, plant and equipment, which are relevant for cash outflows as a 
component of free cash flow. 
In addition, Deutsche Telekom considers Net debt (calculated as the Group's gross debt (sum of current and 
non-current financial liabilities and lease liabilities minus accrued interest and other financial liabilities) minus 
certain financial assets (cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial assets and other financial assets)) to 
be an important performance indicator for investors, analysts, and rating agencies. 
Relative debt is calculated as the ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA and is a measure of financial flexibility. 
 
11 EBITDA AL margin is calculated as EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) / Net revenue.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Reconciliation of EBITDA and EBITDA AL 
billions of EUR 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) from operations (EBIT) 
12.8 
9.5 
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses 
(25.8) 
(17.7) 
EBITDA 
38.6 
27.1 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets d 
(4.5) 
(3.2) 
Interest expenses on recognized lease liabilities d 
(0.9) 
(0.8) 
EBITDA AL 
33.2 
23.1 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
38.6 
27.1 
Special factors 
(1.8) 
(1.6) 
EBITDA (adjusted for special factors) 
40.4 
28.7 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets d 
(4.5) 
(3.2) 
Interest expenses on recognized lease liabilities 
(0.9) 
(0.8) 
EBITDA AL (adjusted for special factors) 
35.0 
24.7 
d Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
 
 
Reconciliation of Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow AL 
billions of EUR 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Net Cash from operating activities 
23.7 
23.1 
Interest payments for zero-coupon bonds 
1.6 
- 
Termination of forward-payer swaps at T-Mobile US 
2.2 
- 
Net Cash from operating activities c 
27.5 
23.1 
Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets (excluding goodwill and before spectrum 
investment) and property, plant and equipment (Cash Capex) 
(17.0) 
(13.1) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets 
(5.8) 
(4.4) 
    Thereof Cash outflows for investments in property, plant and equipment 
(12.9) 
(10.0) 
    Cash outflows for spectrum investment – not included in Cash Capex figure 
1.7 
1.2 
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets (excluding goodwill) and property, plant and equipment 
0.2 
0.2 
Free cash flow (before dividend payments and spectrum investment)  c 
10.8 
10.1 
Principal portion of repayment of lease liabilities d 
(4.5) 
(3.1) 
Free cash flow AL (before dividend payments and spectrum investment)  c 
6.3 
7.0 
C Before interest payments for zero-coupon bonds and before termination of forward-payer swaps 
at T-Mobile US 
d Excluding finance leases at T-Mobile US. 
 
 
Reconciliation of Net Debt 
billions of EUR 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
 
 
 
Financial Liabilities (current and non-current) and lease liabilities 
139.8 
86.2 
Accrued interest 
(1.0) 
(0.7) 
Other 
(0.7) 
(0.7) 
Gross debt 
138.1 
84.7 
Cash and cash equivalents 
12.9 
5.4 
Derivative financial assets 
4.0 
2.3 
Other financial assets 
0.9 
0.9 
Net debt 
120.2 
76.0

--- Page 39 ---
39 
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The companies of Deutsche Telekom Group are involved in a number of legal proceedings in the ordinary 
course of Deutsche Telekom's business. In addition, proceedings involving alleged abuse of a market-
dominant position by Deutsche Telekom and other alleged antitrust violations, as well as other regulatory 
controversies, are pending before competition and regulatory authorities. 
Securities and Corporate Law-Related Proceedings 
Prospectus liability proceedings (third public offering, or DT3) 
The prospectus liability proceedings relate to initially around 2,600 ongoing lawsuits from some 16,000 
alleged buyers of Deutsche Telekom AG's shares sold on the basis of the prospectus published on 26 May 
2000. The plaintiffs assert that individual figures given in this prospectus were inaccurate or incomplete. The 
amount in dispute totals approximately EUR 78 million plus interest as per end of 2020. Some of the actions 
are also directed at KfW and/or the Federal Republic of Germany as well as the banks that handled the 
issuances. The Frankfurt/Main Regional Court had issued orders for reference to the Frankfurt/Main Higher 
Regional Court in accordance with the German Capital Investor Model Proceedings Act (Kapitalanleger-
Musterverfahrensgesetz – KapMuG) and has temporarily suspended the initial proceedings. On 16 May 2012, 
the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court had ruled that there were no material errors in Deutsche Telekom 
AG's prospectus. In its decision on 21 October 2014, the Federal Court of Justice partly revoked this ruling, 
determined that there was a mistake in the prospectus, and referred the case back to the Frankfurt/Main 
Higher Regional Court. On 30 November 2016, the Frankfurt/ Main Higher Regional Court ruled that the 
mistake in the prospectus identified by the Federal Court of Justice could result in liability on the part of 
Deutsche Telekom AG, although the details of that liability would have to be established in the initial 
proceedings. Both Deutsche Telekom AG and some of the individual plaintiffs in the model proceedings 
brought an appeal before the Federal Court of Justice against this decision. With decision of 
15 December 2020, delivered on 26 February 2021, the Federal Court of Justice revoked this ruling in part 
and referred the case back to the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court for further consideration. 
Claims relating to charges for shared use of cable ducts  
In 2012, Kabel Deutschland Vertrieb und Service GmbH (today Vodafone Kabel Deutschland GmbH (VKDG)) 
filed a claim against Telekom Deutschland GmbH to reduce the annual charge for the rights to use cable duct 
capacities in the future and gain a partial refund of the payments made in this connection since 2004. 
According to VKDG's latest estimates, its claims amounted to around EUR 624 million along with around 
EUR 9 million for the alleged benefit from additional interest, plus interest in each case. Claims prior to 2009 
are now no longer being asserted by VKDG. After the Frankfurt/Main Regional Court had dismissed the 
complaint in 2013, the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court also rejected the appeal in December 2014. In 
the ruling dated 24 January 2017, the Federal Court of Justice reversed the appeal ruling and referred the 
case back to the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court for further consideration. In its ruling dated 20 
December 2018, the Frankfurt/Main Higher Regional Court again rejected the appeal and disallowed a further 
appeal. In similar proceedings, Unitymedia Hessen GmbH & Co. KG, Unitymedia NRW GmbH, and Kabel 
BW GmbH filed claims against Telekom Deutschland GmbH in January 2013, demanding that it cease 
charging the plaintiffs more than a specific and precisely stated amount for the shared use of cable ducts. In 
addition, the plaintiffs are demanding a refund of around EUR 570 million plus interest. The claim was 
dismissed in the first instance by the Cologne Regional Court on 11 October 2016. In its ruling dated 14 March 
2018, the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court rejected the appeal against this decision. In both proceedings, 
the plaintiffs have lodged a complaint against the non-allowance of appeal with the Federal Court of Justice. 
Claim for damages in Malaysia despite an earlier, contrary, legally binding arbitration ruling 
Celcom Malaysia Berhad ("Celcom") and Technology Resources Industries Berhad are pursuing actions with 
the state courts in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, against eleven defendants in total, including DeTeAsia Holding 
GmbH, a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG. The plaintiffs are demanding damages and compensation of 
USD 232 million plus interest. DeTeAsia Holding GmbH had enforced this amount against Celcom in 2005 
on the basis of a final arbitral award in its favor. The main proceedings in the court of first instance began in 
January 2018. 
Other Proceedings 
Patents and Licenses 
Like many other large telecommunications and internet providers, Deutsche Telekom is exposed to a growing 
number of intellectual property rights disputes. There is a risk that Deutsche Telekom may have to pay license 
fees and/or compensation; it is also exposed to a risk of cease-and-desist orders, for example relating to the 
sale of a product or the use of a technology.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Anti-Trust Proceedings 
Like all companies, Deutsche Telekom Group is subject to anti-trust law. Deutsche Telekom and its 
subsidiaries are from time to time subject to proceedings under competition law or follow-on damage actions 
under civil law. The following describes major anti-trust proceedings and the resulting claims for damages. 
The European Commission decided on 15 October 2014 that Slovak Telekom had abused its market power 
on the Slovak broadband market and as a result imposed fines on Slovak Telekom and Deutsche Telekom, 
which were paid in full in January 2015. Slovak Telekom and Deutsche Telekom challenged the European 
Commission's decision on 29 December 2014 before the General Court of the European Union. 
On 13 December 2018, the court partially overturned the European Commission's decision and reduced the 
fines by a total of EUR 13 million. Despite this positive judgment, on 21 February 2019 Slovak Telekom and 
Deutsche Telekom filed an appeal with the European Court of Justice against the ruling by the General Court. 
With this appeal, Slovak Telekom and Deutsche Telekom are seeking, inter alia, to overturn the findings of 
the European Commission determining Slovak Telekom's behavior as abusive. Following the decision of the 
European Commission, competitors filed damage actions against Slovak Telekom with the civil court in 
Bratislava. These claims seek compensation for alleged damages due to Slovak Telekom's abuse of a 
dominant market position, as determined by the European Commission. At present, two claims totaling 
EUR 112 million plus interest are still pending. It is currently not possible to estimate the financial impact with 
sufficient certainty. 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OR THE FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its last audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Company 
since 31 December 2020, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Deutsche Telekom is a stock corporation organised under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, is the parent company of Deutsche Telekom's group. Its ordinary shares are 
traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange as well as on other German stock exchanges.  
Funding  
The finance strategy of Deutsche Telekom (excluding T-Mobile US) includes a liquidity reserve that covers, 
at any given time, at least the capital market maturities over the next 24 months. In order to refinance 
maturities and also to maintain the liquidity reserve, Deutsche Telekom could issue bonds in various 
currencies through various debt products on the relevant global capital markets to which it has access to. In 
addition, Deutsche Telekom could issue commercial papers in the money market. 
Since closing of the merger between T-Mobile US and Sprint on 1 April 2020, T-Mobile US has its own finance 
strategy which includes a liquidity covering the companies' maturing bonds at all times for at least the next 24 
months. T-Mobile US usually issues senior secured and unsecured notes for refinancing. 
Material Contracts 
In the usual course of Deutsche Telekom's business, it enters into numerous contracts with various other 
entities. Deutsche Telekom has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its 
business within the past two years. 
Main Agreements that Include a Change in Control Clause 
The main agreements entered into by Deutsche Telekom AG that include a clause in the event of a change 
of control principally relate to bilateral credit lines and several loan agreements. In the event of a change of 
control, the individual lenders have the right to terminate the credit line and, if necessary, serve notice or 
demand repayment of the loans. A change of control is assumed when a third party, which can also be a 
group acting jointly, acquires control over Deutsche Telekom AG. 
On 2 November 2016, Deutsche Telekom AG signed a change agreement to the shareholder agreement with 
the Greek government from 14 May 2008 on Hellenic Telecommunications Organization S.A., Athens, 
Greece ("OTE"). Under this agreement, the Greek government is, under certain circumstances, entitled to 
acquire all shares in OTE from Deutsche Telekom AG as soon as one (or more) person(s), with the exception 
of the Federal Republic of Germany, either directly or indirectly acquire(s) 35 per cent. of the voting rights of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Deutsche Telekom AG. 
In the master agreement establishing the procurement joint venture BuyIn in Belgium, Deutsche Telekom AG 
and Orange S.A. (formerly France Télécom S.A.)/Atlas Services Belgium S.A. (a subsidiary of Orange S.A.) 
agreed that if Deutsche Telekom or Orange comes under the controlling influence of a third party or if a third 
party that is not wholly owned by the Orange group of companies acquires shares in Atlas Services Belgium 
S.A., the respective other party (Orange and Atlas Services Belgium S.A. only jointly) may terminate the 
master agreement with immediate effect. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Where information, contained in this document, has been sourced from a third party, Deutsche Telekom 
confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as 
Deutsche Telekom is aware and able to ascertain from information published by such third party no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information materially inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. as Issuer  
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands have audited Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V.'s financial statements and issued 
unqualified auditor's reports as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 respectively. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. is included in the public register 
of audit firms (Register accountantsorganisaties). 
The financial statements for the years 2020 and 2019 have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union as well as in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.  
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT DEUTSCHE TELEKOM INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
History and development of Finance 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance ("Finance") was incorporated on 30 October 1995 under the laws 
of The Netherlands and operates under the laws of the Netherlands as a private company with limited liability 
for an unlimited duration. Finance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG. Finance has its 
corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Maastricht and is registered with the Trade Register (Kamer van 
Koophandel, The Netherlands) under number 33274743. Its office address is Stationsplein 8-K, 6221BT 
Maastricht, The Netherlands (telephone number: +31 43 7999 050). Deutsche Telekom International Finance 
B.V.'s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 529900ERDFHS6C1M4U58. 
Investments 
Finance has not conducted any principal investments since the date of the last published financial statements, 
nor does Finance intend making such principal investments in the near future on which the management has 
already made firm commitments. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Finance is the finance company of Deutsche Telekom. Finance lends money to group companies by raising 
funds from the capital markets through the issuing of various types of debt instruments, but mainly by issuing 
bonds. 
I. Activities 
The activities of Finance are in line with the objects stated in § 3 of the Articles of Association of Finance, 
which are: 
(a) the issue and acquisition of debt instruments issued by Finance or of debt instruments issued 
by a limited partnership or a general partnership of which Finance is the general partner with 
full liability; 
(b) to incorporate, to participate in any way whatsoever in, to manage, to supervise businesses 
and companies; in general and in particular businesses and companies belonging to the 
Deutsche Telekom concern; 
(c) to finance businesses and companies belonging to the Deutsche Telekom concern; 
(d) to borrow, to lend and to raise funds, including the issue of bonds, promissory notes or other 
securities or evidence of indebtedness as well as to enter into agreements in connection with 
aforementioned activities; 
(e) to render advice and services to businesses and companies with which Finance forms a group 
and to third parties; 
(f) 
to grant guarantees, to bind Finance and to pledge its assets for obligations of Finance, group 
companies and/or third parties; 
(g) to trade in currencies, securities and items of property in general, 
 
and to do all that is connected therewith or may be conducive thereto, all to be interpreted in 
the broadest sense.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
II. Principal Markets 
Since the foundation of Finance in 1995, Finance has issued various notes in the capital markets of Europe 
and the United States of America. 
III. Funding 
In order to finance the capital needs of Deutsche Telekom Group companies, Finance could issue bonds in 
various currencies through various debt products on the relevant global capital markets to which it has access 
to. There have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of Finance since 
31 December 2020. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Finance is wholly-owned by Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, Germany, and has no subsidiaries of its own. It 
acts as an independent company within The Netherlands. Finance is the financing company of Deutsche 
Telekom Group. In this position, Finance issues debt instruments in the capital market on its own (but 
guaranteed by Deutsche Telekom AG) on the basis of the capital needs within Deutsche Telekom Group. In 
the capital markets, Finance has to compete with other financial institutions and companies for getting best 
prices for the issue of debt instruments. The net issue proceeds are on-lent to members of Deutsche Telekom 
Group by concluding loan agreements with the specific Deutsche Telekom Group companies. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF DEUTSCHE TELEKOM INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V.  
 
Statement of financial position 
thousands of EUR 
31 Dec. 2020 
31 Dec. 2019 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Current assets 
2,908,813  
3,601,346  
Non-current assets 
25,603,950 
31,064,762 
 
 
 
Total Assets 
28,512,763 
34,666,108 
 
 
 
Liabilities and shareholder's equity 
 
 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
2,882,024 
3,576,252 
Non-current liabilities 
25,431,985 
30,823,661 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
28,314,009 
34,399,913 
 
 
 
Shareholder's equity 
198,754 
266,195 
 
 
 
Total Liabilities and shareholder's equity 
28,512,763 
34,666,108

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Statement of comprehensive income 
thousands of EUR 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) from financial activities 
(66,066) 
7,867 
 
 
 
Loss from operations 
(260) 
(268) 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) before income taxes 
(66,326) 
7,599 
 
 
 
Income taxes 
8,783 
(6,000) 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) after income taxes 
(57,543) 
1,599 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) attributable to owners: 
(57,543) 
1,599 
Total comprehensive profit (loss) attributable to the owners: 
(57,543) 
1,599 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN FINANCE'S FINANCIAL POSITION OR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE, TREND 
INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Finance since the date of its last audited 
financial statements as of 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of Finance since 
31 December 2020, the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Finance has both a Supervisory Board and a Board of Managing Directors. These Boards are separate; no 
individual may be a member of both. Deutsche Telekom, as the sole shareholder of Finance, appoints the 
members of both the Supervisory Board and the Board of Managing Directors. The Supervisory Board 
supervises the Board of Managing Directors. The Board of Managing Directors represents Finance and is 
responsible for its management. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Finance are at present as follows: 
Stephan Wiemann 
Senior Vice President Treasury, Deutsche Telekom AG 
Dr. Christian Dorenkamp 
Vice President Group Tax, Deutsche Telekom AG 
Dr. Axel Lützner 
Vice President Law & Integrity, Deutsche Telekom AG 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors are at present as follows: 
Frans Roose 
Markus Schäfer 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors accept membership on the Supervisory Boards of other 
corporations within the limits prescribed by law. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Managing Directors of Finance is Stationsplein 8-K, 
6221BT Maastricht, The Netherlands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Management and the members of 
the Supervisory Board of Finance between their respective duties to Finance and their private interests or 
other duties.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
In accordance with European regulations and since Finance is a "public interest entity" the Supervisory Board 
of Finance is acting as the Audit Committee of Finance. The Audit Committee's area of responsibility is 
essentially defined by Dutch legislation and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Amongst other things 
the Supervisory Board verifies the independence of the external auditors and monitors any additional services 
provided by the external auditors and the monitoring of accounting activities. Finance is subject to the Audit 
Committee of Deutsche Telekom for matters related to the supervision of the effectiveness of the internal 
control system, the risk management system, and the internal auditing system which are described under 
"Deutsche Telekom AG as Issuer and Guarantor - Directors, Senior Management and Employees". 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Finance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Finance is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened against it 
which may have or have had during the past 12 months, significant effects on Finance and/or Deutsche 
Telekom Group's financial position or profitability. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share Capital 
The issued share capital of Finance amounts to EUR 500,000 and consists of 1,000 shares at a par value of 
EUR 500. All shares have been issued and are fully paid. 
Material Contracts 
In the usual course of its business, Finance enters into numerous contracts with various other entities. 
Finance has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business within the past 
two years. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Where information, contained in this document, has been sourced from a third party, Finance confirms that 
to the best of its knowledge this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as Finance is 
aware and able to ascertain from information published by such third party no material facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Consent to the use of this Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued 
under the Programme is entitled to use this Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of 
Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of Ireland and The Netherlands for the subsequent 
resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the 
applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, 
provided however, that this Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also with respect to 
such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Deutsche Telekom 
(http://www.telekom.com/bonds). 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with 
the restrictions specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend or the "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors" legend set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using this Prospectus shall state on its website that 
it uses this Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Issue Procedures 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions set 
forth below as further specified by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms as provided below.  
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the relevant Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (Option I A as defined in 
 
"Incorporation by Reference / Documents on Display"); 
- 
Option II:  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates (Option II A and Option II B, 
each as defined in "Incorporation by Reference / Documents on Display"). 
With respect to Notes with fixed interest rates Option I A and with respect to Notes with floating interest rates, 
Option II A and Option II B are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for the purpose of a potential 
increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable 
to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant 
placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus in the Final Terms. 
The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions shall constitute the 
Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus only. The 
Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing 
a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in this Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the 
relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an 
alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.  
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the placeholders of such provisions.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions. 
Controlling Language  
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany or (ii) initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in 
the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available during normal 
business hours from the respective offices of the Paying Agent in Dublin and the Issuer, specified 
under "Names and Addresses" below. 
- 
In other cases the relevant Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Anleihebedingungen 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
Einführung 
Introduction 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
two options: 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates. 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die 
jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von 
dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb 
des 
Satzes 
der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised 
accordingly 
by 
indicating 
the 
respective optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the left of 
or in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
In 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben 
wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which 
of the Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply 
with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring 
to the relevant options. 
Soweit weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin zum 
Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes Kenntnis 
von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar 
sind, 
enthält 
dieser 
Prospekt 
Leerstellen 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern, 
die 
die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this 
Prospectus neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
had knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will 
be completed by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für eine 
einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die 
im 
Satz 
der 
Anleihe-
bedingungen der Option I oder Option II enthalten sind, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the 
set of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the 
following applies 
[Die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
nachstehenden 
Anleihebedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben 
der 
beigefügten 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
[The provisions of the following Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the 
Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Leerstellen 
tatsächlich 
in 
den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
worden 
wären. 
Alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
nicht ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen 
sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen 
und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als 
insoweit 
aus 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, wie dies erforderlich ist, um den 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung zu verschaffen. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen werden bei den bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen der Zahlstellen zur kostenlosen 
Ausgabe während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten 
bereitgehalten. Soweit die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, sind Kopien der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich 
für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.] 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are 
inapplicable 
to 
the 
Notes 
(including 
instructions, explanatory notes and texts set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies 
of the Final Terms may be obtained free of charge 
during normal business hours at the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents; provided that, in the 
case of Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will 
only be made available to Holders of such Notes.] 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with fixed interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der [Deutsche Telekom 
AG] [Deutsche Telekom International Finance 
B.V.] (["Deutsche Telekom"] ["Finance"] oder die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of [Deutsche Telekom AG] [Deutsche 
Telekom International Finance B.V.] (["Deutsche 
Telekom"] ["Finance"] or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1 (6))] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) and is divided into [Number of Notes] 
Notes 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und 
sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung 
des 
Eigentumsrechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind ausgetauscht. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, 
as provided below, for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global Note (the "Permanent Global Note") 
without coupons. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens 
an einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt und zwar 
nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß 
U.S. 
Steuerrecht 
durch 
den 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System sowie 
durch das Clearing System bei dem Fiscal 
Agent, in der zu diesem Zweck für den Fiscal 
Agent 
akzeptablen 
Form. 
Darin 
wird 
bescheinigt, 
dass 
der 
bzw. 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind, 
ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, 
die 
im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, 
werden 
ausschließlich 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 
Absatz 1 definiert) ausgeliefert. 
(b) The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
shall 
be 
exchangeable for Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note from a date (the 
"Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of 
issue of the Temporary Global Note upon 
delivery by the relevant account holder to the 
Clearing System, and by the Clearing System 
to the Fiscal Agent, of certificates in the form 
acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for such 
purpose, to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). Any Permanent Global Note 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this § 1 
shall be made free of charge to the Holders of the 
Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and shall

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent.  
(6) Clearing System. Jede Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
sowohl] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Neue 
Börsenstraße 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")][,][als auch] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] und jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each of] 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstraße 1, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany ("CBF")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium 
("Euroclear"), 
(CBL 
and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen 
Zwecken 
von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers 
des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled.]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global Note 
or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited with 
any Clearing System or other central securities 
depositary, any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in the 
Notes so deposited, and otherwise the bearer of a 
Note. 
"Zahlstelle" den Fiscal Agent in seiner Eigenschaft 
als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre nachstehend in 
§ 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, die in § 7 
genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine gemäß § 7 
ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere Zahlstelle. 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its office 
specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) specified in 
§ 7, or any substitute or additional paying agent 
appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser 
Serie 
und 
schließen, 
wenn 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references to 
Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen 
jede 
Nachfolge-Währung 
ein, 
die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder durch eine zwischen-staatliche Vereinbarung 
eingeführt wird (die "Nachfolgewährung"), sofern 
Zahlungen in der ursprünglichen Währung nicht 
mehr als zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[Bei 
von 
Finance 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: bzw. für Zahlungen der 
Garantin hinsichtlich der Garantie] gelten. 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" shall 
include any successor currency provided for by the 
laws in force in the jurisdiction where the Specified 
Currency 
is 
issued 
or 
pursuant 
to 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
or 
treaty 
(a 
"Successor Currency") to the extent that payment 
in the predecessor currency is no longer a legal 
means of payment by the Issuer on the Notes [In 
the case of Notes issued by Finance the 
following applies: or, in the event of payments 
under the Guarantee by the Guarantor]. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Finance begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar:, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER [In the 
case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies:, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
[(1)] 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal 
Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, weder 
ihr gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen 
ganz oder teilweise in irgendeiner Weise zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der Emittentin 
oder einer anderen Person eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, zu belasten oder eine solche 
Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben 
Sicherheit im gleichen Rang und 
gleichen 
Verhältnis 
teilnehmen 
zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
ist 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Zahlung 
aufgenommener 
Gelder, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheine 
verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. Um 
etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" nicht 
solche Vermögensgegenstände der Emittentin ein, 
die nach dem jeweils auf die Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert sind. 
[(1)] Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed 
at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by the 
Issuer or by any other person, without at the same 
time having the Holders share equally and rateably 
in such security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" 
means any obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the 
form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, 
notes or other securities which are, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market. 
For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect 
of asset-backed financings originated by the 
Issuer, the expression "assets" as used in this § 3 
does not include assets of the Issuer that are sold 
on a non-recourse basis determined in accordance 
with the civil law applicable to such transaction. 
Bei von Finance begebenen Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(2) 
Garantie 
und 
Negativverpflichtung 
der 
Garantin. 
Die 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(die 
"Garantin") hat die unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße 
und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen und 
sonstiger auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer 
Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die 
"Negativverpflichtung") 
verpflichtet, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch 
ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder teilweise in 
irgendeiner 
Weise 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
(wie 
vorstehend 
definiert), die von der Garantin oder einen anderen 
Person eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, zu 
belasten oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit im gleichen 
[(2) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the 
Guarantor. 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(the 
"Guarantor") has given its unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the 
due and punctual payment of principal of, and 
interest on, and any other amounts payable under 
any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in 
a negative pledge (the "Negative Pledge"), so long 
as any of the Notes remains outstanding, but only 
up to the time all amounts of principal and interest 
have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined above) issued or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor or by any other 
person, without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security. The Guarantee and Negative Pledge 
constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third party beneficiaries in 
accordance with § 328 of the German Civil Code,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung 
stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten jedes Gläubigers 
als begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, 
welcher das Recht jedes Gläubigers begründet, 
Erfüllung 
aus 
der 
Garantie 
und 
der 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar von der Garantin 
zu 
verlangen 
und 
die 
Garantie 
und 
die 
Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar 
gegen 
die 
Garantin durchzusetzen. Um etwaige Zweifel 
bezüglich 
von 
asset-backed 
financings 
der 
Garantin zu vermeiden, schließt das in diesem § 3 
benutzte 
Wort 
"Vermögen" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände der Garantin ein, die nach 
dem jeweils auf die Transaktion anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht ohne Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert 
sind. Kopien der Garantie und Negativverpflichtung 
werden bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Zahlstellen zur kostenlosen Ausgabe während der 
üblichen Geschäftszeiten bereitgehalten.] 
giving rise to the right of each Holder to require 
performance of the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge directly from the Guarantor and to enforce 
the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly 
against the Guarantor. For the purposes of 
avoiding any doubt in respect of asset-backed 
financings originated by the Guarantor, the 
expression "assets" as used in this § 3 does not 
include assets of the Guarantor that are sold on a 
non-recourse basis determined in accordance with 
the civil law applicable to such transactions. Copies 
of the Guarantee and Negative Pledge may be 
obtained free of charge during normal business 
hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, if any.] 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden [Im Fall von 
Sustainability-Linked Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar:, vorbehaltlich § 4 
Absatz 3,] in Höhe ihres Gesamtnennbetrages 
verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 6 
Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz] %. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am 
[Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der 
erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegter 
Nennbetrag] 
je 
festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag.] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein 
Festzinstermin ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [der letzte dem 
Fälligkeitstag vorausgehende Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
festgelegter 
Nennbetrag] 
je 
festgelegtem 
Nennbetrag.] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. [In 
case 
of 
Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
the 
following applies: Subject to § 4(3) below, t][T]he 
Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. 
per annum [(the "Rate of Interest")] from (and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 6(1)). 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed 
Interest Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"). The first payment of 
interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment 
Date] [If First Interest Payment Date is not the 
first anniversary of the Interest Commencement 
Date the following applies: and will amount to 
[Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination]. [If 
Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period 
from 
(and 
including) 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] per 
Specified Denomination.] 
(2) 
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit bis zu dem Tag, der dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht, in Höhe des 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the 
Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes until the 
expiry of the day preceding the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
interest established by law.13 
 
13 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche

--- Page 56 ---
56 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Satzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen.12 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Sustainability-Linked 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes the following 
applies: 
[(3) Anpassung des Zinssatzes bei Eintreten eines 
Trigger-Ereignisses. 
[(3) Interest Rate Adjustment Upon Occurrence of 
Trigger Event. 
Bei Eintritt eines Trigger-Ereignisses erhöht sich 
der Zinssatz um [Step Up Zinsmarge] % jährlich 
auf insgesamt [Erhöhter Zinssatz] % jährlich für 
jede 
Zinsperiode, die an oder nach dem 
Zinszahlungstag beginnt, der unmittelbar auf die 
Trigger-Ereignis Mitteilung folgt. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Rate 
of Interest shall increase by [Step Up Interest 
Margin] per cent. per annum to a total of 
[Increased Interest Rate] per cent. per annum for 
any interest period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Trigger Event Notification. 
Die Emittentin teilt den Inhabern das Eintreten 
eines Trigger-Ereignisses (die "Trigger-Ereignis 
Mitteilung") gemäß § [14] spätestens 15 Tage 
nach Veröffentlichung des SPT Berichts, der sich 
auf das SPT-Ziel-Jahr bezieht, mit. 
The Issuer shall give notice of the occurance of a 
Trigger Event (the "Trigger Event Notification") to 
the Holders in accordance with § [14] no later than 
15 days after publication of the SPT Report relating 
to the SPT Target Year. 
Ein "Trigger-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn (i) der 
Konzern ein Nachhaltigkeitsziel im jeweiligen SPT-
Ziel-Jahr nicht erreicht oder (ii) die Deutsche 
Telekom AG keinen SPT Bericht mit Informationen, 
die ausreichend sind, um die Erreichung des 
betreffenden Nachhaltigkeitsziels zu berechnen 
oder zu entnehmen, veröffentlicht oder (iii) ein 
Limited Assurance Bericht ein eingeschränktes 
Prüfungsurteil in Bezug auf die Informationen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
um 
die 
Erreichung 
des 
betreffenden Nachhaltigkeitsziels zu berechnen 
oder zu entnehmen, enthält oder ein Prüfungsurteil 
insgesamt versagt wird. 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if (i) the Group does not 
achieve a Sustainability Performance Target in the 
respective SPT Target Year or (ii) Deutsche 
Telekom AG fails to publish an SPT Report with 
information sufficient to calculate or observe the 
performance 
of 
the 
relevant 
Sustainability 
Performance Target or (iii) a Limited Assurance 
Report contains a qualified assurance conclusion 
in relation to the information required to calculate or 
observe 
the 
performance 
of 
the 
relevant 
Sustainability Performance Target, or an adverse 
assurance conclusion. 
"SPT 
Bericht" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Corporte 
Responsibility Bericht oder einen vergleichbaren 
Bericht der Deutschen Telekom AG, der sich auf 
ein SPT-Ziel-Jahr bezieht. 
"SPT Report" means the corporate responsibility 
report or a similar report of Deutsche Telekom AG 
relating to an SPT Target Year. 
"Limited Assurance Bericht" bezeichnet einen 
Vermerk eines Wirtschaftspfüfers 
über eine 
betriebswirtschaftliche Prüfung zur Erlangung 
zumindest begrenzter Sicherheit in Bezug auf 
bestimmte Informationen, die in einen SPT Bericht 
enthalten sind. 
"Limited Assurance Report" means at least a 
limited assurance report of an external auditor 
regarding selected information contained in an SPT 
Report. 
"Basisjahr" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 2017. 
"Base Year" means the Financial Year 2017. 
"Geschäftsjahr" bezeichnet ein Geschäftsjahr der 
Deutschen Telekom AG. 
"Financial Year" means a financial year of 
Deutsche Telekom AG. 
"Konzern" bezeichnet die Deutsche Telekom AG 
und ihre konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaften. 
"Group" means Deutsche Telekom AG and its 
consolidated subsidiaries. 
"Nachhaltigkeitsziel" bezeichnet jeweils 
das 
SPT 1 und das SPT 2. 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means 
each of SPT 1 and SPT 2. 
 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code). 
12 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
"SPT 1" bezeichnet die Reduzierung der Summe 
der CO2e-Emissionen Scope 1 und Scope 2 um 
mindestens [SPT 1 Prozentsatz] % im Vergleich 
zum 
Basisjahr, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Nachberechnung, bis [SPT 1 Jahr]. 
"SPT 1" means the reduction of the sum of CO2e-
emissions Scope 1 and Scope 2 by at least [SPT 1 
Percentage] per cent. compared to the Base Year, 
subject to any Recalculation, by [SPT 1 Year]. 
"SPT 2" bezeichnet die Reduzierung der CO2e-
Emissionen Scope 3 (unter Berücksichtigung der 
folgenden Kategorien von Scope 3: bezogene 
Waren und Dienstleistungen, Investitionsgüter, 
Nutzung verkaufter Produkte und nachgelagerte 
geleaste Vermögenswerte) um mindestens [SPT 2 
Prozentsatz] % im Vergleich zum Basisjahr, 
vorbehaltlich einer Nachberechnung, pro Kunde 
(einschließlich Mobilfunk-, Festnetz-, Breitband- 
und TV-Kunden, aber unter Ausschluss von 
Großhandelskunden) bis [SPT 2 Jahr]. 
"SPT 2" means the reduction of CO2e-emissions 
Scope 3 (considering the following categories of 
Scope 3: purchased goods and services, capital 
goods, use of sold products and downstream 
leased assets) by at least [SPT 2 Percentage] per 
cent. compared to the Base Year, subject to any 
Recalculation, per customer (including mobile, 
fixed-line, broadband and TV customers but 
excluding wholesale customers) by [SPT 2 Year]. 
"CO2e-Emissionen" 
werden 
nach 
der 
marktbasierten Methode des Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Protocolls berechnet und im SPT Bericht 
ausgewiesen. 
"CO2e emissions" shall be calculated in line with 
the market-based method of the Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Protocol and reported in the SPT Report. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr" bezeichnet jeweils das SPT-Ziel-
Jahr 1 und das SPT-Ziel-Jahr 2. 
"SPT Target Year" means each of SPT Target 
Year 1 and SPT Target Year 2. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr 1" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 
[SPT 1 Jahr]. 
"SPT Target Year 1" means the Financial Year 
[SPT 1 Year]. 
"SPT-Ziel-Jahr 2" bezeichnet das Geschäftsjahr 
[SPT 2 Jahr]. 
"SPT Target Year 2" means the Financial Year 
[SPT 2 Year]. 
"Scope 
1" 
bezeichnet 
die 
absoluten 
Treibhausgasemissionen ("THG") aus der eigenen 
Geschäftstätigkeit, die die voll konsolidierten 
Aktivitäten des Konzerns abdecken. 
"Scope 1" means the absolute greenhouse gas 
("GHG") 
emissions 
from 
the 
Group's 
own 
operations covering its fully consolidated activities. 
"Scope 2" bezeichnet die absoluten THG-
Emissionen aus dem Verbrauch von bezogener 
Elektrizität und Wärme, die für die eigenen 
Aktivitäten des Konzerns verwendet werden und 
die voll konsolidierten Aktivitäten abdecken. 
"Scope 2" means the absolute GHG emissions 
from consumption of purchased electricity and heat 
used in the Group's own operations covering its 
fully consolidated activities. 
"Scope 3" bezeichnet die absoluten THG-
Emissionen, die vor- und nachgelagerte Elemente 
der Wertschöpfungskette umfassen. 
"Scope 3" means the absolute GHG emissions 
covering upstream and downstream elements of 
the value chain. 
"Nachberechnung" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Nachberechnung der THG-Emissionen in Bezug 
auf das Basisjahr, um wesentliche Änderungen in 
der 
Konzernstruktur 
(z. B. 
Übernahmen, 
Veräußerungen, Fusionen) oder methodische 
Änderungen 
zu 
berücksichtigen. 
Jede 
Nachberechnung ist im SPT Bericht anzugeben.] 
"Recalculation" means any recalculation of GHG 
emissions with respect to the Base Year to reflect 
any significant changes in the Group structure (e.g. 
acquisitions, 
divestitures, 
mergers) 
or 
methodological changes. Any recalculation shall be 
stated in the SPT Report.] 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für gebrochene 
Zeiträume. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
[(4)] Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If 
interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below). 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(5)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period")

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (ausschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen oder langen Kupons) ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.]  
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the actual number of days in the 
respective interest period.]  
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit 
jährlichen Zinszahlungen (einschließlich dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten kurzen Kupons) ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual 
interest payments (including the case of first or last 
short coupons) the following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl 
der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the number of days in the Reference 
Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleich 
bleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen 
Kupons) innerhalb eines Zinsjahres ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with two or 
more constant interest periods within an interest year 
(including the case of short coupons) the following 
applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt 
durch 
das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, und (2) der Anzahl 
von Zinszahlungstagen, die angenommen, dass 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden.] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
the Reference Period in which the Calculation 
Period falls and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would 
occur in one calendar year assuming interest was 
to be payable in respect of the whole of that year.]  
Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) und wenn 
der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als eine 
Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Reference Period (long coupon) the following 
applies 
[die Summe aus: 
(a) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Bezugsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im 
Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind 
als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
und (y) der Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die 
in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, 
falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
[the sum of:  
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided 
by [In the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: 
the product of (x)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year 
if interest were payable in respect of the 
whole of such year]; and 
(b) 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall 
von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das 
Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der 
Anzahl von Bezugsperioden, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls 
(b) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Reference Period 
divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (x)] the number of 
days in such Reference Period [In the case 
of Reference Periods of less than one year 
the following applies: and (y) the number of 
Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
respect of the whole of such year].] 
Folgendes gilt für alle Optionen von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251) anwendbar außer Option Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) mit jährlichen Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich dem Fall eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
The following applies for all options of Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) except for option Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Rule 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the 
case of short or long coupons) 
["Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im 
Fall 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
kurzen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstage.]] 
["Reference Period" means the period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to, but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date. [In the 
case of a short first or last Calculation Period 
the following applies: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the 
case of a long first or last Calculation Period the 
following 
applies: 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Payment Dates] shall each be 
deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.]] 
Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis ist 
Folgendes anwenbar 
In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den 
31. Tag eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem 
Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (A) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day 
of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or 
(B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following 
applies 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 
12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar 
ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the first day 
or last day of the Calculation Period).] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
die 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States. 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, die 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (3), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
für 
die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar 
nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3 (b) außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System, outside the United States, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 
des Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen 
oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen 
davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in the Specified Currency. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten 
Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger 
ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) 
Bei nicht auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes not denominated in EUR the 
following applies 
[an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
abwickeln [.] [und]] 
[on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre(s)] [.] [and]] 
Im Fall, dass das Clearingsystem und TARGET offen 
sein sollen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be 
open the following applies 
[an dem das Clearing System sowie alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
[on which the Clearing System as well as all 
relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um 
die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
System 2 ("TARGET") are operational to forward 
the relevant payment.] 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] [Falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen,] 
sowie 
jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; [If redeemable at the option of Issuer for 
other than taxation reasons the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes,] [If redeemable at the option of the 
Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes,] and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. Reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 8. 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, 
auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity 
Date"). 
The 
"Final 
Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount.  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
[(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of 
any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an 
official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after [Issue Date], the Issuer will 
become obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be

--- Page 62 ---
62 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung 
der Anwendung 
oder der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem [Tag der 
Begebung] 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender und ihr 
zumutbarer Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 14] to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, und 
(ii) 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. 
 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay 
such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin, die aus von ihr nicht zu 
verantwortenden 
Gründen 
die 
Leistung 
der 
Zahlung durch die Emittentin nicht bewirken kann, 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der 
Niederlande 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
[Tag der Begebung] wirksam) zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
bzw. 
in 
der 
Garantie 
definiert) 
verpflichtet 
sein 
wird 
und 
diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin zur Verfügung 
stehender 
und 
ihr 
zumutbarer 
Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
[(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of The Netherlands or 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or 
after [Issue Date], the Issuer or the Guarantor 
being unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer, will become 
obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 8 herein and in the Guarantee, respectively) and 
this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
measures reasonably available to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior 
notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
in accordance with [§ 14] to the Holders, at their 
Final Redemption Amount, together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, und (ii) zu dem Zeitpunkt, in 
dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, muss die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be 
obligated to pay such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if 
at the time such notice is given, such obligation to 
pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
festgelegten 
Wahlrückzahlungsbeträgen (Call) zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at specified Call Redemption 
Amounts the following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum/zu den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag bzw. -beträgen (Call), 
wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
(Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amounts] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits 
der 
Gläubiger 
in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [4] dieses § 6 verlangt 
hat.] 
[In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise 
such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note 
under subparagraph ([4]) of this § 6.] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal Agent bekannt 
zu geben (die Kündigung gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent hat mindestens 7 Tage vor der 
Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
erfolgen). 
Sie 
beinhaltet 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal Agent 
(the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be given not 
less than 7 days before the giving of notice to 
the Holders). Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden 
verbrieft 
sind, 
die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of and, if 
the Notes are represented by Definitive 
Notes, the serial numbers of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall 
be not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird 
in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder at specified Put Redemption Amounts 
the following applies 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
[[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Put), 
wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set 
forth below together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption 
Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) 
(Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge] 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amounts] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ] 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung durch die Emittentin in 
Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach § 6 Absatz 2 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to 
redeem such Note under paragraph (2) [If 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer the following 
applies: or (3)] of this § 6.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
oder Absatz 3] verlangt hat. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, darf der 
Gläubiger nicht früher als 15 Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an 
die 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einer 
Zahlstelle eine Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder 
Fax), in schriftlicher Form oder in einer für den 
Fiscal Agent akzeptablen anderen Form und 
entsprechend der Regeln und Verfahren des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
("Ausübungserklärung") schicken. Falls die 
Ausübungserklärung 
nach 
17:00 
Uhr 
Frankfurter 
Zeit 
am 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] Tag vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, ist das 
Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
[und][,] 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben) 
[Im 
Fall 
der 
Verwahrung 
der 
Globalurkunde durch CBF ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (iii) Kontaktdaten sowie eine 
Kontoverbindung]. 
Für 
die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie 
es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des 
Fiscal Agent [und der Zahlstelle[n]] in 
deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich 
ist und 
das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden. Eine so hinterlegte 
Schuldverschreibung 
kann 
nicht 
zurückgefordert und die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden.] 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than 15 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption 
is required to be made as specified in the Put 
Notice (as defined below), send to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent an duly 
early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. by email or fax), in written form 
or in such other form as acceptable to the 
Fiscal Agent and in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System ("Put Notice"). In the event that the 
Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt 
time on the [Minimum Notice to Issuer] day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option 
shall not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised[,] [and] (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any [In 
the case the Global Note is kept in custody 
by CBF, the following applies: and (iii) 
contact details as well as a bank account]. The 
Put Notice may be in the form available from 
the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent [and 
the Paying Agent[s]] in the German and 
English 
language 
and 
includes 
further 
information. No Note so deposited and option 
so exercised may be withdrawn or revoked.] 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent und die anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Der Fiscal Agent und die Zahlstelle behalten sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land 
zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent reserve the 
right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen 
Fiscal Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agent. The

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird jedoch 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf 
US-Dollar lautende Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen 
bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller 
Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 5(1) definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York 
City] 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger 
Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, wo eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) nur wirksam, 
sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß [§ 14] vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent 
[In the case of Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars the following applies: and (ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents 
outside the United States (as defined in § 5(1) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal 
Agent und die Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent act solely as the agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger 
oder zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei 
denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall 
wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm 
zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
nicht erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
[Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holder after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been 
receivable had no such deduction or withholding 
been required. No such additional amounts shall, 
however, be payable on account of any taxes, 
duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business

--- Page 67 ---
67 
des Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with 
such 
directive, 
regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird.] 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger 
oder zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in den Niederlanden oder Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
auferlegt, 
erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall wird die 
Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge ("zusätzliche 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit der 
dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt 
zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den Beträgen an 
Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm zustehen 
würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht 
erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
[Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of 
The Netherlands or Germany or by or on behalf of 
any political subdivision or authority therein having 
power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay 
such 
additional 
amounts 
("Additional 
Amounts") as may be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the Holder after such 
deduction or withholding shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been receivable had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such additional 
amounts shall, however, be payable on account of 
any taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business 
connection with The Netherlands or Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Niederlanden oder Deutschland stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, The 
Netherlands or Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
Deutschland, 
die 
Niederlande oder die Europäische Union 
beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung 
oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany, The Netherlands or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird; oder 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later; or 
(e) aufgrund 
des 
Niederländischen 
Quellensteuergesetzes 
2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021), wie im Staatsblatt 
(Staatsblad) 
Stb. 
2019, 
513 
vom 
27. Dezember 2019 
veröffentlicht, 
zahlbar 
sind.] 
(e) are payable by reason of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021) as published in the Official Gazette 
(Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 
2019.] 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
[(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which failure 
is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure continues for 
more than 60 days after the Issuer has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer becomes prematurely

--- Page 69 ---
69 
zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin einer 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 25.000.000 aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die 
oder 
von 
den 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, 
oder 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of 
the terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, shall contest in 
good faith that such payment obligation exists 
or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or by 
the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for or 
institutes such proceedings, or 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in 
Deutschland 
irgendein 
Gesetz, 
eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by Germany whereby the 
Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in 
these Terms and Conditions and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Sustainability-Linked 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
In case of Sustainability-Linked Notes the following 
applies: 
[Es liegt kein Kündigungsgrund vor, wenn die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
die 
Nachhaltigkeitsziele nicht erreicht.] 
[No Acceleration Event shall occur if the Issuer or 
the Guarantor fails to achieve the Sustainability 
Performance Targets.] 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f) oder 1(g) bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f) or 
(1)(g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only when the 
Issuer has received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln.] 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
[(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen oder die 
Garantin 
unterlässt 
die 
Erfüllung 
einer 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie, auf die in § 3 
Bezug 
genommen 
wird, 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation 
arising from the Guarantee referred to in § 3 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if 
such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 60 days after the 
Issuer has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin oder der 
Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer 
Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder 
die Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in 
Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 25.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben 
wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin bestreitet in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist 
bzw. 
diese 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
becomes prematurely repayable as a result of 
a default in respect of the terms thereof, or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, or the Guarantor 
shall contest in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly 
invoked, or if a security granted therefor is 
enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) 
entitled thereto, or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder 
falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte 
Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) 
in 
Anspruch 
genommen wird, oder 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt, oder 
(d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments, or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder die 
Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling" 
(Schuldenmoratorium 
im 
Sinne 
des 
niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or 
the Guarantor applies for or institutes such 
proceedings, or the Issuer applies for a 
"surseance van betaling" (within the meaning 
of the Statute of Bankruptcy of The 
Netherlands), or 
(f) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation 
tritt, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
dies 
geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into 
liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger, or other form of combination 
with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in den Niederlanden oder in Deutschland 
irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder 
ergeht, aufgrund derer die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen bzw. der 
Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen in 
vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen 
behoben ist, oder 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by The Netherlands or 
Germany whereby the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is prevented from observing and performing in 
full its obligations as set forth in these Terms 
and Conditions and in the Guarantee, 
respectively, and this situation is not cured 
within 90 days, or 
(h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht 
mehr gilt. 
(h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally 
binding for any reason whatsoever. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Sustainability-Linked 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
In case of ESG-Linked Notes the following applies: 
[Es liegt kein Kündigungsgrund vor, wenn die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
die 
Nachhaltigkeitsziele nicht erreicht.] 
[No Acceleration Event shall occur if the Issuer or 
the Guarantor fails to achieve the ESG-Targets.] 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f), 1(g) oder 1(h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f), 
(1)(g) or (1)(h) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only 
when the Issuer has received such notices from the 
Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln.] 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent.] 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der Emittentin an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
[(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes and such 
guarantee contains a covenant by the 
guarantor corresponding to the provisions in 
§ 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin aus der 
Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung des 
Debt Issuance Programms der Emittenten 
[Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge of the Debt Issuance Programme of 
the Issuers [If the provisions with respect to 
resolutions of holders are applicable, the 
following applies: (of which the provisions 
set out below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to 
the Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom directly or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Telekom direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält 
indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat.] 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger, entweder die Garantin 
oder eine Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend 
definiert) der Garantin an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
[(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer either the 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary (as defined below) of 
the Guarantor as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this 
issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; und 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
and 
(c) die Garantin, sofern sie nicht selbst die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist, unwiderruflich und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge garantiert, wobei diese Garantie im 
wesentlichen die Form der "Garantie" hat. 
(c) the Guarantor if it is not itself the Substitute 
Debtor 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes, such 
guarantee being substantially in the form of 
the Guarantee. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
Telekom direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom directly or 
indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14].

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat.] 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.] 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [Im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom Finance begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
[In the case of Notes Issued by Deutsche 
Telekom Finance the following applies:, 
AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, 
ist 
unwirksam, 
es 
sei 
denn 
die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75% of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material and which 
do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 
3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple 
majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by vote 
taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with 
§ 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird 
von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar 
oder, 
falls 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen 
Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a 
notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative (as defined below) has convened 
the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger 
nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei 
denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: 
The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Gläubigern 
zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution 
of 
the 
Holders. 
The 
Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of 
the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders' Representative. 
(7) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß für jede Garantie 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions 
set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in 
relation to the Notes.] 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder beim Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such 
Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen auf der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, findet Absatz (1) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von 
einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich 
erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 Absatz [5]] an den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
geleitet 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der 
von dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text format (Textform, e.g. by email or fax) or in 
written form to be lodged together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with 
[§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. [Bei 
von 
Finance 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche 
jedoch auch vor anderen zuständigen Gerichten 
geltend machen.] Die deutschen Gerichte sind 
nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
unterwirft 
sich 
hiermit 
der 
Gerichtsbarkeit 
der 
nach 
diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The non-exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes shall be 
Frankfurt am Main. [In the case of Notes issued 
by Finance the following applies: Each Holder, 
however, may pursue his claims also before any 
other court of competent jurisdiction.] The German 
courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over the 
annulment of lost or destroyed Notes. The Issuer 
hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the courts 
referred to in this subparagraph. 
Bei von Finance begebenen Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(4) Ernennung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder sonstige 
Verfahren vor deutschen Gerichten bestellt die 
Emittentin die Deutsche Telekom zu ihrem 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in Deutschland.] 
[(4) Appointment of Authorised Agent. For any legal 
disputes or other proceedings before German 
courts, the Issuer appoints Deutsche Telekom, as 
its authorised agent for service of process in 
Germany.] 
[(5)] 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, der diese 
über ein Clearing System hält, darf in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage schützen oder geltend 
machen: (i) Er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der Globalurkunde 
oder 
der 
Einzelurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft 
[(5)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held 
through a Clearing System may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Note in global or definitive form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the 
global Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
zu betreiben und bei dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
Deutsche 
Telekom Aktiengesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 
140, 63105 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] [den] 
Zahlstelle[n] 
zur 
kostenlosen 
Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Notes with floating interest rates 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
(German Language Version) 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(English Language Version) 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND 
EIGENTUMSRECHT 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND 
TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung und Nennbetrag. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen der [Deutsche Telekom 
AG] [Deutsche Telekom International Finance 
B.V.] (["Deutsche Telekom"] ["Finance"] oder die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz 6)] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) begeben und ist 
eingeteilt 
in 
[Anzahl 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
[festgelegter Nennbetrag] (der "festgelegte 
Nennbetrag"). 
(1) Currency and Denomination. This Series of 
Notes of [Deutsche Telekom AG] [Deutsche 
Telekom International Finance B.V.] (["Deutsche 
Telekom"] ["Finance"] or the "Issuer") is issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") 
in the aggregate principal amount of [In case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1 (6))] [aggregate principal amount] 
(in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) and is divided into [Number of Notes] 
Notes 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
(2) 
Form 
und 
Eigentumsrecht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und 
sind durch eine Globalurkunde verbrieft. Die 
Übertragung 
des 
Eigentumsrechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
den 
Vorschriften des jeweils anwendbaren Rechts. 
(2) Form and Title. The Notes are in bearer form 
and represented by a Global Note. Title to the 
Notes shall pass in accordance with the rules of 
applicable law. 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich in 
einer 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird, 
wie 
nachstehend 
bestimmt, gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
dem festgelegten Nennbetrag, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind ausgetauscht. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global Note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, 
as provided below, for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global Note (the "Permanent Global Note") 
without coupons. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens 
an einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt und zwar 
nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß 
U.S. 
Steuerrecht 
durch 
den 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber bei dem Clearing System sowie 
durch das Clearing System bei dem Fiscal 
Agent, in der zu diesem Zweck für den Fiscal 
Agent 
akzeptablen 
Form. 
Darin 
wird 
bescheinigt, dass der bzw. die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
(b) The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
shall 
be 
exchangeable for Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note from a date (the 
"Exchange Date") 40 days after the date of 
issue of the Temporary Global Note upon 
delivery by the relevant account holder to the 
Clearing System, and by the Clearing System 
to the Fiscal Agent, of certificates in the form 
acceptable to the Fiscal Agent for such 
purpose, to the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding through such financial

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind, 
ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten. Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 
40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 3 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) geliefert werden. 
Dauerglobalurkunden, die im Austausch für 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
werden 
ausschließlich 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) ausgeliefert. 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note 
will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). Any Permanent Global Note 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in subparagraph 
(1) of § 5). 
(4) Bei Austausch von Globalurkunden zahlbare 
Gebühren. Der Austausch einer Globalurkunde 
gemäß diesem § 1 erfolgt für die Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen kostenfrei. 
(4) Fees Payable on Exchange of Global Notes. 
Any exchange of a Global Note pursuant to this § 1 
shall be made free of charge to the Holders of the 
Notes. 
(5) Unterzeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Globalurkunden sind namens der Emittentin 
durch zwei vertretungsberechtigte Personen der 
Emittentin zu unterschreiben. Sie tragen die 
Kontrollunterschrift des Fiscal Agent oder seines 
Beauftragten. 
(5) Execution of Notes. Global Notes shall be 
executed manually on behalf of the Issuer by two 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and shall 
be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent.  
(6) Clearing System. Jede Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefende Globalurkunde wird von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearing Systems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(6) 
Clearing 
System. 
Each 
Global 
Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
sowohl] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Neue 
Börsenstraße 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")][,][als auch] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] und jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System, the following applies: each of] 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstraße 1, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany ("CBF")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Boulevard 
du 
Roi 
Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear"), (CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is an NGN the following 
applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen 
Zwecken 
von 
einem 
ICSD 
jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
ein 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers 
des 
jeweiligen 
ICSD 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that 
time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Zahlung 
bzw. 
Kauf 
und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.] 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation 
(as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled.] 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
eines Anteils von ausschließlich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefter 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the global note is a CGN the following applies 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
(7) 
Bestimmte 
Definitionen. 
In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen bedeutet: 
(7) Certain Definitions. For purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions: 
"Globalurkunde" die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
oder die Dauerglobalurkunde. 
"Global Note" means the Temporary Global Note 
or the Permanent Global Note. 
"Gläubiger" in Bezug auf die bei einem Clearing 
System 
oder 
einem 
sonstigen 
zentralen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
"Holder" means, in respect of Notes deposited with 
any Clearing System or other central securities 
depositary, any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
hinterlegten 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
andernfalls 
der 
Inhaber 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung. 
Notes so deposited, and otherwise the bearer of a 
Note. 
"Zahlstelle" den Fiscal Agent in seiner Eigenschaft 
als Zahlstelle handelnd durch ihre nachstehend in 
§ 7 bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle, die in § 7 
genannte(n) Zahlstelle(n) oder eine gemäß § 7 
ernannte Ersatz- oder weitere Zahlstelle. 
"Paying Agent" means the Fiscal Agent in its 
capacity as paying agent, acting through its office 
specified in § 7, the Paying Agent(s) specified in 
§ 7, or any substitute or additional paying agent 
appointed under § 7. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die "Schuldverschreibungen" beziehen sich auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser 
Serie 
und 
schließen, 
wenn 
der 
Zusammenhang 
dies 
erfordert, Globalurkunden ein. 
References herein to the "Notes" are references to 
Notes of this Series and shall, as the context 
requires, include reference to any Global Note. 
Bezugnahmen auf die "festgelegte Währung" 
schließen 
jede 
Nachfolge-Währung 
ein, 
die 
entweder durch Gesetz in dem Hoheitsgebiet, in 
dem die festgelegte Währung ausgegeben wird, 
oder durch eine zwischen-staatliche Vereinbarung 
eingeführt wird (die "Nachfolgewährung"), sofern 
Zahlungen in der ursprünglichen Währung nicht 
mehr als zulässiges Zahlungsmittel für Zahlungen 
der 
Emittentin 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[Bei 
von 
Finance 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: bzw. für Zahlungen der 
Garantin hinsichtlich der Garantie] gelten. 
References herein to the "Specified Currency" shall 
include any successor currency provided for by the 
laws in force in the jurisdiction where the Specified 
Currency 
is 
issued 
or 
pursuant 
to 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
or 
treaty 
(a 
"Successor Currency") to the extent that payment 
in the predecessor currency is no longer a legal 
means of payment by the Issuer on the Notes [In 
the case of Notes issued by Finance the 
following applies: or, in the event of payments 
under the Guarantee by the Guarantor]. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind. 
The 
Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
§ 3 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Finance begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar:, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
§ 3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER [In the 
case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies:, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
[(1)] 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal 
Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, weder 
ihr gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen 
ganz oder teilweise in irgendeiner Weise zur 
Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die von der Emittentin 
oder einer anderen Person eingegangen oder 
gewährleistet ist, zu belasten oder eine solche 
Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben 
Sicherheit im gleichen Rang und 
gleichen 
Verhältnis 
teilnehmen 
zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
ist 
jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Zahlung 
aufgenommener 
Gelder, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheine 
verbrieft, 
verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist oder durch 
[(1)] Negative Pledge. So long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed 
at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by the 
Issuer or by any other person, without at the same 
time having the Holders share equally and rateably 
in such security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" 
means any obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or 
evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the 
form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, 
notes or other securities which are, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock 
exchange or other recognised securities market. 
For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an einem 
anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können. Um 
etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed 
financings der Emittentin zu vermeiden, schließt 
das in diesem § 3 benutzte Wort "Vermögen" nicht 
solche Vermögensgegenstände der Emittentin ein, 
die nach dem jeweils auf die Transaktion 
anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht 
ohne 
Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert sind. 
of asset-backed financings originated by the 
Issuer, the expression "assets" as used in this § 3 
does not include assets of the Issuer that are sold 
on a non-recourse basis determined in accordance 
with the civil law applicable to such transaction. 
Bei von Finance begebenen Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(2) 
Garantie 
und 
Negativverpflichtung 
der 
Garantin. 
Die 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(die 
"Garantin") hat die unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße 
und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen und 
sonstiger auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer 
Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die 
"Negativverpflichtung") 
verpflichtet, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch 
ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder teilweise in 
irgendeiner 
Weise 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
(wie 
vorstehend 
definiert), die von der Garantin oder einen anderen 
Person eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, zu 
belasten oder eine solche Belastung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die 
Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit im gleichen 
Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung 
stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten jedes Gläubigers 
als begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, 
welcher das Recht jedes Gläubigers begründet, 
Erfüllung 
aus 
der 
Garantie 
und 
der 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar von der Garantin 
zu 
verlangen 
und 
die 
Garantie 
und 
die 
Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar 
gegen 
die 
Garantin durchzusetzen. Um etwaige Zweifel 
bezüglich 
von 
asset-backed 
financings 
der 
Garantin zu vermeiden, schließt das in diesem § 3 
benutzte 
Wort 
"Vermögen" 
nicht 
solche 
Vermögensgegenstände der Garantin ein, die nach 
dem jeweils auf die Transaktion anwendbaren 
Zivilrecht ohne Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräussert 
sind. Kopien der Garantie und Negativverpflichtung 
werden bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Zahlstellen zur kostenlosen Ausgabe während der 
üblichen Geschäftszeiten bereitgehalten.] 
[(2) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the 
Guarantor. 
Deutsche 
Telekom 
AG 
(the 
"Guarantor") has given its unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the 
due and punctual payment of principal of, and 
interest on, and any other amounts payable under 
any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in 
a negative pledge (the "Negative Pledge"), so long 
as any of the Notes remains outstanding, but only 
up to the time all amounts of principal and interest 
have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to grant or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness (as defined above) issued or 
guaranteed by the Guarantor or by any other 
person, without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in such 
security. The Guarantee and Negative Pledge 
constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third party beneficiaries in 
accordance with § 328 of the German Civil Code, 
giving rise to the right of each Holder to require 
performance of the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge directly from the Guarantor and to enforce 
the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly 
against the Guarantor. For the purposes of 
avoiding any doubt in respect of asset-backed 
financings originated by the Guarantor, the 
expression "assets" as used in this § 3 does not 
include assets of the Guarantor that are sold on a 
non-recourse basis determined in accordance with 
the civil law applicable to such transactions. Copies 
of the Guarantee and Negative Pledge may be 
obtained free of charge during normal business 
hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, if any.] 
§ 4 
ZINSEN 
§ 4 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe 
ihres 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
ab 
dem 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal 
amount 
from 
(and 
including)

--- Page 84 ---
84 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar.  
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest Commencement Date"). Interest on 
the Notes shall be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date.  
"Zinszahlungstag" in diesem Sinne ist 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies 
[jeweils [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
In the case of Specified Interest Periods the following 
applies 
[(sofern 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der Tag, der [Anzahl] [Wochen] [Monate] 
[anderer 
festgelegter 
Zeitraum/andere 
festgelegte 
Zeiträume] 
nach 
dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt oder, im 
Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided in 
these Terms and Conditions) falls [number] 
[weeks] [months] [other specified period(s)] after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
(b) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag: 
(b) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be: 
Bei 
Anwendung 
der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahlungstag auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day.] 
Bei Anwendung der FRN (Floating Rate Note –variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Konvention 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the FRN Convention the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, dieser würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
(i) 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und 
(ii) 
ist 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag 
des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl] 
[Monate] 
nach 
dem 
vorangegangenen 
gültigen Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls 
[number] [months] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
Bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Following Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.] 
Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of the Preceding Business Day Convention 
the following applies 
[auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Geschäftstag verlegt.] 
[brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
"Business Day" means a day

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the 
following applies 
[(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken allgemein für Geschäfte in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind 
und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln] [.] [und] 
[(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are generally open for business 
in, and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in [relevant financial centre(s)] [.] [and]] 
Falls das Clearing System und TARGET geöffnet sein 
sollen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall be 
open, the following applies 
[an dem das Clearing System sowie alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um 
die betreffende Zahlung abzuwickeln.] 
[on which the Clearing System as well as all 
relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect the 
relevant payment.] 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Zinssatz per annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the 
"Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be a rate per annum equal to the 
Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)]. 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt vorbehaltlich 
§ 4 Absatz (5) an jedem Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses 
§ 4 Absatz (2). 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to § 4 (5), 
determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 4 (2) on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird wie 
folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will 
be determined as follows: 
Anfänglich entspricht der Referenzsatz für jede 
Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
Initially the Reference Rate for each Interest Period 
will be the Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird, aber kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, entspricht der Referenzsatz an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
dem 
Referenzbankensatz. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on 
the Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, but no Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the Reference Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date will be the 
Reference Bank Rate. 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht festgestellt 
werden kann, aber kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
ist 
der 
Referenzsatz 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be determined, 
but no Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
Reference Rate shall be the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the relevant Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was displayed. 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt, wird der 
Referenzsatz für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder 
nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 4 Absatz (5) (h) 
definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 4 Absatz (5) bestimmt. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Reference Rate 
for each Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Effective Date (as defined in § 4 (5) (h)) will be 
determined in accordance with § 4 (5). 
Der "Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz" für einen 
beliebigen Tag entspricht dem [entsprechende 
Anzahl an Monaten einfügen] Monats Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means the 
[insert applicable number of months]-month Euro 
Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) appearing on the 
Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date. 
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet den Satz (als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in Euro für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über 
"Reference 
Bank 
Rate" 
means 
the 
rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
which deposits in Euro are offered by the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
einen Repräsentativen Betrag (auf Grundlage des 
Actual/360 
Zinstagequotienten) 
gegenüber 
führenden Banken im Interbankenmarkt der Euro-
Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag festgestellt wird, 
der wie folgt bestimmt wird: Die Emittentin wird jede 
Referenzbank bitten, der Berechnungsstelle ihren 
Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. Falls zwei oder mehr 
Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebotssätze 
nennen, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste 
tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Angebotssätze, 
wie 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegt. 
Reference 
Banks 
(as 
defined 
below) 
at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative 
Amount, assuming an Actual/360 day count basis, 
determined as follows: The Issuer shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Reference Bank Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nur 
eine 
oder 
keine 
der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle die im vorstehenden Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der 
Referenzbankensatz 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die von der 
Emittentin 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) der Berechnungsstelle auf 
Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag Darlehen in Euro für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
über 
einen 
Repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
europäischen Banken anbieten. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only 
one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided 
in 
the 
preceding 
paragraph, 
the 
Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated 
at 
approximately 
11.00 
a.m. 
(Brussels time) at the request of the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent by major banks in the Euro-Zone 
interbank market, selected by the Issuer, at which 
such banks offer, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, loans in Euro for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount to 
leading European banks. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum ab 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie 
jeden 
folgenden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit ist.  
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
TARGET 
Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) 
is 
operational.  
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Prozentsatz] % per annum.] 
["Margin" 
means 
[percentage] per cent. 
per 
annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter, welche die Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters 
or such other information service which is the 
successor Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-Zone

--- Page 87 ---
87 
ausgewählten Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt 
in der Euro-Zone. 
interbank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer. 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der 
zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für 
eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom 
am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den Vertrag 
über die Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in 
Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer 
Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von 
Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 2007, in seiner 
jeweiligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben 
werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in 
Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the 
Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
7 February 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 
October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of 13 
December 2007, as further amended from time to 
time. 
Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(3) Mindestzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies 
[(4) Höchstzinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(4) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
(5) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn die Emittentin 
feststellt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin diesen Umstand 
dem Fiscal Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, der 
Zahlstelle und gemäß § 12 den Gläubigern 
mitteilen und gilt für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes Folgendes: 
(5) Benchmark Event. If the Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the Issuer will notify the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 12, the Holders 
thereof, and the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined as follows 
(a) Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, 
sobald 
wie 
möglich 
einen 
Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) Independent 
Adviser. 
The 
Issuer 
shall 
endeavour to appoint an Independent Adviser 
as soon as possible, who will determine a New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) Wenn vor dem jeweiligen Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, 
(i) die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater ernennt; oder 
(i) the Issuer fails to appoint an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate, 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode 
dem 
the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately 
following Interest Period shall be the Original

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an dem letzten 
zurückliegenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
Benchmark Rate on the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 4 Absatz (5) (b) bereits an dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
ersten 
Zinsperiode zur Anwendung kommt, entspricht der 
Referenzsatz für die erste Zinsperiode [dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] [[•] % per 
annum]. 
If this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied on the Interest 
Determination Date prior to the commencement of 
the first Interest Period, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period shall be [the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on 
the last day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate was 
displayed] [[•] % per annum]. 
Falls 
der 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (b) zur Anwendung kommt, wird 
§ 4 Absatz (5) 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
nächste 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 4 (5) (b) is to be applied, § 4 (5) will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next following Interest Period. 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
Falls 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(i) dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz in der Folge anstelle des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich; oder 
(i) there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, 
then such Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
aber einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
in der Folge an Stelle des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes maßgeblich, 
(ii) there is no Successor Benchmark Rate 
but that there is an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alternative Benchmark 
Rate shall subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Benchmark Rate, 
und der Referenzsatz entspricht für alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
(x) 
dem 
betreffenden 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the all 
following Interest Periods will be (x) the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, plus (y) the Adjustment 
Spread. 
(d) Anpassungsspanne. Die Anpassungsspanne 
(wie in § 4 Absatz (5) (g) definiert) wird auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet, um den 
betreffenden Referenzsatz zu bestimmen. 
(d) Adjustment Spread. The Adjustment Spread 
(as defined in § 4 (5) (g)) shall be applied to the 
New Benchmark Rate in order to determine the 
relevant Reference Rate. 
(e) Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 4 Absatz (5) festgelegt werden und der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten (diese 
Änderungen 
werden 
als 
"Benchmark-
Änderungen" bezeichnet), dann wird der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
die Benchmark-Änderungen festlegen und die 
Emittentin diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (f) bekanntmachen. 
(e) Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 4 (5), and if the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
in 
its 
reasonable discretion that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark Amendments in its reasonable 
discretion and the Issuer will give notice 
thereof in accordance with § 4 (5) (f). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können 
insbesondere folgende Änderungen umfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may include without 
limitation amendments to be made to:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(i) des 
Referenzsatzes 
und/oder 
(in 
Ersetzung von § 4 Absatz (2) (b) und (c)) 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes (sog. fallback) für den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
des 
Referenzbankensatzes; und/oder 
(i) the 
Reference 
Rate 
and/or 
(in 
replacement of § 4(2)(b) and (c)) the 
method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(ii) der 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" (einschließlich der 
Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
(ii) the definitions of the terms "Screen Page", 
"Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Day Count Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be determined on a 
forward looking or a backward looking 
basis); and/or 
(iii) der 
Zahltag-Bestimmung 
gemäß 
§ 5 Absatz (5). 
(iii) the payment business day condition in 
§ 5 (5). 
(f) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige Benchmark-
Änderungen so bald nach deren Feststellung 
wie (nach billigem Ermessen der Emittentin) 
praktikabel 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, der Zahlstelle und gemäß 
§ 12 den Gläubigern mitteilen. Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
(f) Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 12, the 
Holders as soon as such notification is (in the 
Issuer's reasonable discretion) practicable 
following the determination thereof. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils 
in der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind für die 
Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Gläubiger bindend. Die Bedingungen 
gelten ab dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und die 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Holders. The Conditions shall be deemed 
to have been amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the Effective Date. 
(g) Definitionen. 
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5): 
(g) Definitions. As used in this § 4 (5): 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ 
oder gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die 
Spanne oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der 
Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the spread or (b) the result of 
the operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, 
(i) die 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
von 
einem 
Normierungsgremium im Zusammenhang 
mit der Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz förmlich empfohlen wird; 
oder 
(i) which in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor Benchmark Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) die (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, 
um 
einen 
branchenweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
(ii) which (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate) is applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement reference 
rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be

--- Page 90 ---
90 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
made by the Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktionen 
zur Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which is 
customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets 
transactions 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency, provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (e) festgelegte Bedeutung. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning 
given to it in § 4 (5) (e). 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn gültigen Methode für 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes; oder 
(i) a material alteration of the methodology as 
used by the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate as of the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
for 
the 
determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(ii) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht länger repräsentativ 
oder 
branchenweit 
für 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vergleichbare 
Fremdkapitalmarktinstrumente akzeptiert 
ist; oder 
(ii) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate that the Original Benchmark Rate 
has ceased to be representative or an 
industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments such as, or comparable to the 
Notes; or 
(iii) den Umstand, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht oder nicht fortgeführt wird; 
oder 
(iii) the Original Benchmark Rate ceasing to 
be published on a regular basis or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, 
dass 
dieser 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird (in 
Fällen 
in 
denen 
kein 
Nachfolge-
Administrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
weitere 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vornehmen wird); oder 
(iv) a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Benchmark Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor 
administrator 
has 
been 
appointed that will continue the publication 
of the Original Benchmark Rate); or 
(v) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wurde oder 
wird; oder 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, that the Original Benchmark Rate 
has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(vi) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes infolge 
deren der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
(vi) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate as a consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate has been or will

--- Page 91 ---
91 
allgemein 
oder 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mehr 
verwendet wird bzw. verwendet werden 
darf; oder 
be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the relevant 
Notes; or 
(vii) den Umstand, dass die Verwendung des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
oder 
Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes für die Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
einen 
Dritten 
rechtswidrig geworden ist., 
(vii) it has become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate or determine any Reference 
Rate using the Original Benchmark Rate, 
wobei für die Zwecke von (i) bis (iii) eine 
wesentliche Änderung der bei Verzinsungsbeginn 
gültigen 
Methode 
für 
die 
Feststellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator der Einstellung bzw. Nichtfortführung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes gleichsteht. 
provided that for the purposes of (i) through (iii), a 
material alteration of the methodology used by the 
administrator on the Interest Commencement Date 
for the determination of the Original Benchmark 
Rate 
will 
be 
deemed 
as 
cessation 
and 
discontinuation, respectively, of the Original 
Benchmark Rate. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium förmlich empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
a 
successor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
be-zeichnet 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
(i) die Zentralbank für die Währung, in der der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Original Benchmark Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jedes Komitee, 
die bzw. das von (I) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung, 
in 
der 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz dargestellt wird, (II) einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständig ist, (III) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt oder gebildet wird. 
(ii) any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central 
bank for the currency to which the Original 
Benchmark Rate relates, (II) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate, (III) a group of the aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (IV) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Stichtag" hat die in § 4 Absatz (5) (h) festgelegte 
Bedeutung. 
"Effective Date" has the meaning specified in 
§ 4 (5) (h). 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin bestelltes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer. 
(h) Der Stichtag für die Anwendung dieses 
§ 4 Absatz (5) (der "Stichtag") ist: 
(h) The effective date for the application of this 
§ 4 (5) (the "Effective Date") will be:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(i) der 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
wesentliche 
Änderung der Methode wirksam wird, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (i) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmarck-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (i) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date on 
which the material alteration of the 
methodology takes effect; or 
(ii) der Tag der öffentlichen Stellungnahme 
der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes, 
wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (ii) der Definition des 
Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (ii) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
public statement by the supervisor of the 
Administrator of the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(iii) der Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-
Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (iii) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (iii) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event; or 
(iv) der Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ur-sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz eingestellt 
wird, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (iv) oder (v) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(iv) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (iv) or (v) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
cessation of publication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the discontinuation 
of the Original Benchmark Rate, as the 
case may be; or 
(v) der Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet 
werden darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund des Absatzes (vi) oder 
(vii) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(v) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (vi) or (vii) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date 
from which the prohibition applies. 
(i) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 4 Absatz (5) entsprechend für die Ersetzung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
(i) If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any 
New Benchmark Rate, § 4 (5) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such 
New Benchmark Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may be. 
[(6)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu - 
oder baldmöglichst nach - jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf 
den 
festgelegten 
Nennbetrag 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf den festgelegten 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, 
wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(6)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to the Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
[(7)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode geltende Zinssatz, 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin 
[Bei 
von 
Finance 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und der Garantin] und den Gläubigern 
gemäß [§ 14] baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils 
folgenden 
[TARGET] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 4 
Absatz 1 definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert werden und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, 
aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode, mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag nachträglich angepasst (oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
umgehend 
allen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert werden, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß 
[§ 14] mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
notification of the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and of the 
applicable Interest Payment Date to the Issuer [In 
the case of Notes issued by Finance the 
following applies: and to the Guarantor] and to 
the Holders in accordance with [§ 14] as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the fourth [TARGET] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 4(1)) 
thereafter and, if required by the rules of such stock 
exchange, to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the first day of the applicable Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Holders in accordance with 
[§ 14]. 
[(8)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 4 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von der Finance begeben werden ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: die Garantin,] den Fiscal 
Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made 
or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this § 4 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
[In the case of Notes issued by Finance the 
following applies: the Guarantor,] the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
[(9)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sollte die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlösen, endet die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen 
erst mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Der jeweils 
geltende Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen.14 
[(9)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding 
the day on which they are due for redemption. If the 
Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes beyond 
the due date until the expiry of the day preceding 
the day of actual redemption of the Notes. The 
applicable Rate of Interest will be the default rate of 
interest established by law.15 
[(10)] 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(10)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
 
14 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB. 
15 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 BGB (German Civil Code).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Im Falle von Actual/360 ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Actual/360 the following applies 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift 
auf 
die 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3) below, to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System outside the 
United States. 
Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz 3 und dieses § 5 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich 
deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, die 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
For purposes of subparagraph (3) of § 1 and this 
§ 5, "United States" means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(2) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen 
auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes 3 an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift für die 
betreffenden Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
(2) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (3), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 3 an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order 
zur 
Gutschrift 
für 
die 
betreffenden 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar 
nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz 3 (b) außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (3), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System, outside the United States, 
upon due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
(3) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines 
Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines Vertrags 
wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. 
anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 
des Code auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen 
getroffener 
Regelungen 
oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen 
davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(3) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in the Specified Currency. 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder, subject to

--- Page 95 ---
95 
vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 4(1), keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
§ 4(1), shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, 
der ein Geschäftsstag ist.  
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a Business Day. 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 8 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. Reference 
in these Terms and Conditions to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the 
Notes; and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. Reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 8. 
(7) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, 
auch 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 6 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 6 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
an 
dem 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] fallenden Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount.  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
[(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Germany or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of 
any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an 
official interpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change becomes 
effective on or after [Issue Date], the Issuer will 
become obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 8 herein) and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures reasonably 
available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less

--- Page 96 ---
96 
oder Ergänzung 
der Anwendung 
oder der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem [Tag der 
Begebung] 
wirksam) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender und ihr 
zumutbarer Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with [§ 14] to 
the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, und 
(ii) 
zu 
dem 
Zeitpunkt, 
in 
dem 
die 
Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, 
muss 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. Der für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegte 
Termin 
muss 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay 
such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. The 
date fixed for redemption must be an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus Steuergründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber dem Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
gemäß 
[§ 14] 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin, die aus von ihr nicht zu 
verantwortenden 
Gründen 
die 
Leistung 
der 
Zahlung durch die Emittentin nicht bewirken kann, 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften 
der 
Niederlande 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
[Tag der Begebung] wirksam) zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
(wie 
in 
§ 8 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
bzw. 
in 
der 
Garantie 
definiert) 
verpflichtet 
sein 
wird 
und 
diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen der 
Emittentin oder der Garantin zur Verfügung 
stehender 
und 
ihr 
zumutbarer 
Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
[(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of The Netherlands or 
Germany or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or 
after [Issue Date], the Issuer or the Guarantor 
being unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer, will become 
obligated to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 8 herein and in the Guarantee, respectively) and 
this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
measures reasonably available to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior 
notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
in accordance with [§ 14] to the Holders, at their 
Final Redemption Amount, together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings (i) nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, und (ii) zu dem Zeitpunkt, in 
dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, muss die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen noch wirksam sein. Der für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegte 
Termin 
muss 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be 
obligated to pay such Additional Amounts, or (ii) if 
at the time such notice is given, such obligation to 
pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an 
Interest Payment Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß [§ 14] zu 
erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche 
die Umstände darlegt, die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründen.] 
Any such notice of redemption shall be given in 
accordance with [§ 14]. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.] 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Rückzahlungs-
betrag zurückzuzahlen ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer at Final Redemption amount the 
following applies 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am 
[Zahl] 
Jahre 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag und danach an jedem darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (jeder ein "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") 
zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Interest 
Payment Date following [number] years after 
the Interest Commencement Date and on 
each Interest Payment Date thereafter (each 
a "Call Redemption Date") at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective Call Redemption Date. 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß [§ 14] und dem Fiscal Agent bekannt 
zu geben (die Kündigung gegenüber dem 
Fiscal Agent hat mindestens 7 Tage vor der 
Kündigung gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
erfolgen). 
Sie 
beinhaltet 
die 
folgenden 
Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with [§ 14] and to the Fiscal Agent 
(the notice to the Fiscal Agent to be given not 
less than 7 days before the giving of notice to 
the Holders). Such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the 
Series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen und, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Einzelurkunden 
verbrieft 
sind, 
die 
entsprechenden Seriennummern; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part only, 
the aggregate principal amount of and, if 
the Notes are represented by Definitive 
Notes, the serial numbers of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht weniger als 15 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days 
after the date on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird 
in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form the following applies: Such 
partial redemption shall be reflected in the 
records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
§ 7 
DER FISCAL AGENT UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 7 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Ernennung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are: 
Fiscal Agent und 
Citibank Europe plc 
Zahlstelle: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Fiscal Agent and 
Citibank Europe plc 
Paying Agent: 
1 North Wall Quay 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
Falls der Fiscal Agent als Berechnungsstelle bestellt 
werden soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed as Calculation 
Agent the following applies 
[Der Fiscal Agent handelt auch als 
Berechnungsstelle.] 
[The Fiscal Agent shall also act as Calculation 
Agent.] 
Falls eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die 
nicht der Fiscal Agent ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to 
be appointed the following applies 
[Die Berechnungsstelle und ihre anfängliche 
Geschäftsstelle lauten: 
[The Calculation Agent and its initial specified office 
shall be: 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Name 
und 
Geschäftsstelle]] 
Calculation Agent 
[name 
and 
specified 
office]] 
Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird jedoch zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] 
einen Fiscal Agent [Für auf US-Dollar lautende 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: und (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch 
die 
Geschäftsstellen 
aller 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 5(1) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal Agent 
[In the case of Notes denominated in U.S. 
dollars the following applies: and (ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents 
outside the United States (as defined in § 5(1) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City], 
[and] [(iii)] a Calculation Agent [If Calculation 
Agent is required to maintain a specified office

--- Page 99 ---
99 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New 
York 
City] 
unterhalten 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle [Falls die Berechnungsstelle 
eine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle an einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
haben 
muss 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebener Ort]]. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird (außer im Insolvenzfall, wo 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird) nur 
wirksam, sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
[§ 14] vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
in a required location the following applies: with 
a specified office located in [required location]]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
die 
Zahlstelle[n] 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely 
as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for any Holder. 
§ 8 
STEUERN 
§ 8 
TAXATION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger 
oder zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von 
oder für Rechnung einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei 
denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall 
wird die Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge 
("zusätzliche Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich 
sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm 
zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
nicht erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
[Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein having power to tax, 
unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holder after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been 
receivable had no such deduction or withholding 
been required. No such additional amounts shall, 
however, be payable on account of any taxes, 
duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of 
the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform with 
such 
directive, 
regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird.] 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[Kapital und Zinsen werden von der Emittentin 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen gegenwärtiger 
oder zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher 
Gebühren gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
in den Niederlanden oder Deutschland oder für 
deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
auferlegt, 
erhoben oder eingezogen werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall wird die 
Emittentin die zusätzlichen Beträge ("zusätzliche 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit der 
dem Gläubiger nach diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt 
zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den Beträgen an 
Kapital und Zinsen entspricht, die ihm zustehen 
würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht 
erforderlich wäre. Solche zusätzlichen Beträge 
sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben 
oder amtlicher Gebühren, die 
[Principal and interest shall be payable by the 
Issuer without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of 
The Netherlands or Germany or by or on behalf of 
any political subdivision or authority therein having 
power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay 
such 
additional 
amounts 
("Additional 
Amounts") as may be necessary in order that the 
net amounts received by the Holder after such 
deduction or withholding shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been receivable had no such deduction or 
withholding been required. No such additional 
amounts shall, however, be payable on account of 
any taxes, duties or governmental charges which 
(a) von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, 
or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
(b) wegen 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
früherer 
persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den 
Niederlanden oder Deutschland stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or 
having had, some personal or business 
connection with The Netherlands or Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, The 
Netherlands or Germany; or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
Deutschland, 
die 
Niederlande oder die Europäische Union 
beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung 
oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
Germany, The Netherlands or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with such directive, 
regulation, treaty or understanding; or 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, 
die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen 
oder, 
wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird; oder 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or interest 
becomes due, or is duly provided for, and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions whichever occurs 
later; or 
(e) aufgrund 
des 
Niederländischen 
Quellensteuergesetzes 
2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021), wie im Staatsblatt 
(Staatsblad) 
Stb. 
2019, 
513 
vom 
27. Dezember 2019 
veröffentlicht, 
zahlbar 
sind.] 
(e) are payable by reason of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021) as published in the Official Gazette 
(Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 
2019.] 
§ 9 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 10 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 10 
ACCELERATION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
[(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes which failure 
is not capable of remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure continues for 
more than 60 days after the Issuer has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin einer 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer becomes prematurely 
repayable as a result of a default in respect of 
the terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 25.000.000 aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei 
denn die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die 
oder 
von 
den 
daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird, 
oder 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, shall contest in 
good faith that such payment obligation exists 
or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on behalf of or by 
the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt gibt oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt, 
oder 
(d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its 
financial obligations or ceases its payments, 
or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin eröffnet, oder die Emittentin ein 
solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer, or the Issuer applies for or 
institutes such proceedings, or  
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in 
Deutschland 
irgendein 
Gesetz, 
eine 
Verordnung oder behördliche Anordnung 
erlassen wird oder ergeht, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
übernommenen Verpflichtungen in vollem 
Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen und 
diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben 
ist. 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by Germany whereby the 
Issuer is prevented from observing and 
performing in full its obligations as set forth in 
these Terms and Conditions and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f) oder 1(g) bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f) or 
(1)(g) entitling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only when the 
Issuer has received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal amount 
of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln.] 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(1) 
Kündigungsrecht. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Tilgung zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, 
falls 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Kündigungsgründe 
("Kündigungsgründe") 
vorliegt: 
[(1) Right of Acceleration. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare his Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the Final 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the 
event that any of the following events (each, an 
"Acceleration Event") occurs: 
(a) die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
within 30 days from the relevant due date, or 
(b) die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen oder die 
Garantin 
unterlässt 
die 
Erfüllung 
einer 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie, auf die in § 3 
Bezug 
genommen 
wird, 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung, falls sie geheilt werden kann, 
länger als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emittentin hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation 
arising from the Guarantee referred to in § 3 
which failure is not capable of remedy or, if 
such failure is capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 60 days after the 
Issuer has received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 3 
Absatz 1 definiert) der Emittentin oder der 
Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer 
Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder 
die Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in 
Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 25.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben 
wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin bestreitet in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist 
bzw. 
diese 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder 
falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte 
Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) 
in 
Anspruch 
genommen wird, oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
in § 3(1)) of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
becomes prematurely repayable as a result of 
a default in respect of the terms thereof, or the 
Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil any 
payment 
obligation 
in 
excess 
of 
EUR 25,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantee or suretyship given for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case 
of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
after the guarantee or suretyship has been 
invoked, unless the Issuer, or the Guarantor 
shall contest in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly 
invoked, or if a security granted therefor is 
enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) 
entitled thereto, or 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt, oder 
(d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments, or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, oder die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt, oder die 
Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling" 
(Schuldenmoratorium 
im 
Sinne 
des 
niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt, 
oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the Issuer or 
the Guarantor applies for or institutes such 
proceedings, or the Issuer applies for a 
"surseance van betaling" (within the meaning 
of the Statute of Bankruptcy of The 
Netherlands), or 
(f) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation 
tritt, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
dies 
geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
und 
diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Garantin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist, oder 
(f) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into 
liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger, or other form of combination 
with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
in connection with this issue, or 
(g) in den Niederlanden oder in Deutschland 
irgendein Gesetz, eine Verordnung oder 
behördliche Anordnung erlassen wird oder 
ergeht, aufgrund derer die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin daran gehindert wird, die von ihr 
gemäß diesen Anleihebedingungen bzw. der 
Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen in 
vollem Umfang zu beachten und zu erfüllen 
und diese Lage nicht binnen 90 Tagen 
behoben ist, oder 
(g) any governmental order, decree or enactment 
shall be made in or by The Netherlands or 
Germany whereby the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is prevented from observing and performing in 
full its obligations as set forth in these Terms 
and Conditions and in the Guarantee, 
respectively, and this situation is not cured 
within 90 days, or 
(h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht 
mehr gilt. 
(h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally 
binding for any reason whatsoever. 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been cured before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) Quorum. In den Fällen des § 10 Absatz 1 (b) 
oder 1 (c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 10 
Absatz 1(a), 1(d), 1(e), 1(f), 1(g) oder 1(h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in § 10 
subparagraph (1)(b) or subparagraph (1)(c), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time 
such notice is received any of the events specified 
in § 10 subparagraph (1)(a), (1)(d), (1)(e), (1)(f), 
(1)(g) or (1)(h) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only 
when the Issuer has received such notices from the 
Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
(3) Form der Erklärung. Eine Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem 
Absatz 1 ist gegenüber der Emittentin oder dem 
Fiscal Agent in Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) 
oder in schriftlicher Form zu erklären und an die 
jeweils 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln.] 
(3) Form of Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. by email 
or fax) or in written form delivered to the specified 
office of the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent.] 
§ 11 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 11 
SUBSTITUTION 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Deutsche Telekom the 
following applies 
[(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
[(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal

--- Page 105 ---
105 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend definiert) 
der Emittentin an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Emission einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer any Subsidiary 
(as defined below) of it as principal debtor in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with this issue (the "Substitute 
Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert 
und 
diese 
Garantie 
eine 
Verpflichtung der Garantin gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des § 3 enthält; und 
(c) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes and such 
guarantee contains a covenant by the 
guarantor corresponding to the provisions in 
§ 3; and 
(d) sichergestellt 
ist, 
dass 
sich 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin aus der 
Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung des 
Debt Issuance Programms der Emittenten 
[Falls die Bestimmungen über Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
gelten, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: (auf die die unten in [§ 12] 
aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden)] 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken. 
(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the 
Issuer from the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge of the Debt Issuance Programme of 
the Issuers [If the provisions with respect to 
resolutions of holders are applicable, the 
following applies: (of which the provisions 
set out below in [§ 12] applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis)] apply also to 
the Notes of the Substitute Debtor. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
Telekom direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom directly or 
indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger, entweder die Garantin 
oder eine Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachstehend 
definiert) der Garantin an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
[(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at 
any time substitute for the Issuer either the 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary (as defined below) of 
the Guarantor as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this 
issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erlangt hat und berechtigt 
ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in 
der festgelegten Währung zu zahlen, ohne 
verpflichtet zu sein, in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
erhobene 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstige Abgaben jeder Art, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; und 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
and 
(c) die Garantin, sofern sie nicht selbst die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist, unwiderruflich und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge garantiert, wobei diese Garantie im 
wesentlichen die Form der "Garantie" hat. 
(c) the Guarantor if it is not itself the Substitute 
Debtor 
irrevocably 
and 
unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes, such 
guarantee being substantially in the form of 
the Guarantee. 
Im Sinne dieser Anleihebedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" 
eine 
Kapital- 
oder 
Personengesellschaft, 
an 
der 
die 
Deutsche 
Telekom direkt oder indirekt insgesamt nicht 
weniger als 90% des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions 
"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation or 
partnership in which Deutsche Telekom directly or 
indirectly in the aggregate holds not less than 
90 per cent. of the capital of any class or of the 
voting rights. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede solche Ersetzung wird 
gemäß [§ 14] bekannt gegeben. 
(2) Notice. Any notice of such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with [§ 14]. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer 
solchen Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin, und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz 
hat, 
ab 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat.] 
(3) References. In the event of such substitution, 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country 
in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for 
taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger vorsehen, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Notes provide for Resolutions of Holders the 
following applies 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [Im Falle von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Deutsche 
Telekom Finance begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar:, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
[In the case of Notes Issued by Deutsche 
Telekom Finance the following applies:, 
AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
entsprechend 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch 
einen Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten 
Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, 
der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger 
vorsieht, 
ist 
unwirksam, 
es 
sei 
denn 
die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders 
who are disadvantaged have expressly consented 
to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75% of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material and which 
do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 
3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG require a simple 
majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der 
Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach 
§ 18 SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung 
nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders 
shall be passed at the election of the Issuer by vote 
taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with 
§ 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird 
von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar 
oder, 
falls 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen 
Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a 
notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' 
Representative (as defined below) has convened 
the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger 
nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner 
Berechtigung 
an 
den 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any 
vote shall cast votes in accordance with the 
principal amount or the notional share of its 
entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: The Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den Anleihebedingungen, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache 
seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei 
denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions, the following 
applies: 
The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Holders' Representative") shall be [Holders' 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluß 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Gläubigern 
zu 
berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by majority 
resolution 
of 
the 
Holders. 
The 
Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of 
the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not 
be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the 
recall and the other rights and obligations of the 
Holders' Representative. 
(7) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten sinngemäß für jede Garantie 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(7) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions 
set out above applicable to the Notes shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to any guarantee provided in 
relation to the Notes.] 
[§ 13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
[§ 13] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder beim Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such 
Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht 
wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
[§ 14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
[§ 14] 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die auf der 
offiziellen Liste der Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der 
Website der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
will be made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen auf der offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger Börse gelistet sind, findet Absatz (1) 
Anwendung. Soweit die Mitteilung den Zinssatz 
von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen 
betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse 
dies sonst zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the 
Rate of Interest of Floating Rate Notes or, if the 
Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
In case of Notes which are unlisted the following applies 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)][(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von 
einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, müssen in 
Textform (z.B. per eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich 
erfolgen und zusammen mit dem Nachweis seiner 
Inhaberschaft gemäß [§ 15 Absatz [5]] an den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
geleitet 
werden. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der 
von dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System 
dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)][(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any 
Holder shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text format (Textform, e.g. by email or fax) or in 
written form to be lodged together with an evidence 
of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with 
[§ 15[(5)]] to the Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be 
given through the Clearing System in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
[§ 15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
[§ 15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
PERFORMANCE, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by 
German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(2) Place of Performance. Place of performance 
shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The non exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes shall be

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Frankfurt am Main. [Bei 
von 
Finance 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche 
jedoch auch vor anderen zuständigen Gerichten 
geltend machen.] Die deutschen Gerichte sind 
nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
die 
Kraftloserklärung 
abhandengekommener 
oder 
vernichteter 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
unterwirft 
sich 
hiermit 
der 
Gerichtsbarkeit 
der 
nach 
diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
Frankfurt am Main. [In the case of Notes issued 
by Finance the following applies: Each Holder, 
however, may pursue his claims also before any 
other court of competent jurisdiction.] The German 
courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over the 
annulment of lost or destroyed Notes. The Issuer 
hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the courts 
referred to in this subparagraph. 
Bei von Finance begebenen Schuldverschreibungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar 
In the case of Notes issued by Finance the following 
applies 
[(4) Ernennung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder sonstige 
Verfahren vor deutschen Gerichten bestellt die 
Emittentin die Deutsche Telekom zu ihrem 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in Deutschland.] 
[(4) Appointment of Authorised Agent. For any legal 
disputes or other proceedings before German 
courts, the Issuer appoints Deutsche Telekom, as 
its authorised agent for service of process in 
Germany.] 
[(5)] 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen, der diese 
über ein Clearing System hält, darf in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage schützen oder geltend 
machen: (i) Er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Global- 
oder 
Einzelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearing Systems oder der Verwahrstelle des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der Globalurkunde 
oder 
der 
Einzelurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Unbeschadet des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Im Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Kreditinstitut, 
das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
[(5)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes held 
through a Clearing System may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) 
and (ii) a copy of the Note in global or definitive form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the 
global Note or Definitive Note. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
[§ 16] 
Sprache 
[§ 16] 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text 
ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist Folgendes anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst und mit einer Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache versehen. Der englische 
Text soll bindend und maßgeblich sein. Die 
deutsche Übersetzung ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only, the following applies 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
In the case of Notes that are publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in Germany or distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors in Germany with English 
language Terms and Conditions, the following applies 
 
[Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
wird 
bei 
der 
Deutsche 
Telekom Aktiengesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 
140, 63105 Bonn, Deutschland, und [der] [den] 
Zahlstelle[n] 
zur 
kostenlosen 
Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Guarantee 
and 
Negative Pledge 
of 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, 
for the benefit of the Holders of Notes (the "Notes") 
issued by 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
under the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") 
as in force from time to time 
WHEREAS: 
(A) Deutsche Telekom AG (the "Guarantor") and Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. ("Finance") 
intend to issue from time to time Notes under the Programme; 
(B) the Guarantor wishes to guarantee the payment of principal and interest and any other amounts payable 
in respect of any and all Notes that may be issued by Finance under the Programme; 
(C) the Guarantor wishes to enter into a negative pledge for the benefit of each Holder of Notes that may be 
issued by Finance under the Programme; 
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
(1) 
(a) 
The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the holder of each Note (which 
expression shall include any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note representing 
Notes) (each a "Holder"), now or at any time hereafter issued by Finance under the 
Programme, the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, the Notes 
and any other amounts which may be expressed to be payable under any Note in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, as and when the same shall become due in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
(b) 
This Guarantee constitutes an unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of 
the Guarantor and ranks pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
(c) 
All payments under this Guarantee shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in or on behalf of the Federal Republic of 
Germany or by or on behalf of any political subdivision or authority therein having power to 
tax (hereinafter together called "Withholding Taxes"), unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts as may 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holder after such deduction or 
withholding shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been receivable had no such deduction or withholding been required. No such additional 
amounts shall, however, be payable on account of any taxes, duties or governmental 
charges which 
(i) 
are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Guarantor from payments made by it; or 
(ii) 
are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in the Federal 
Republic of Germany; or

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(iii) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (x) any European Union directive or regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (y) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (z) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to conform with such directive, regulation, treaty or 
understanding; or 
(iv) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due, or is duly provided 
for and notice thereof is published in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
whichever occurs later. 
(d) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee (i) shall be separate and independent 
from the obligations of Finance under the Notes, (ii) shall exist irrespective of the legality, 
validity and binding effect or enforceability of the Notes, and (iii) shall not be affected by any 
event, condition or circumstance of whatever nature, whether factual or legal, save the full, 
definitive and irrevocable satisfaction of any and all payment obligations expressed to be 
assumed under the Notes. 
(e) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall, without any further act or thing 
being required to be done or to occur, extend to the obligations of any Substituted Debtor 
which is not the Guarantor arising in respect of any Note by virtue of a substitution pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions. 
(f) 
This Guarantee is given in respect of any and all Notes which are or will be issued by 
Finance under the Programme on or after the date hereof. The Guarantee dated 
31 October 1997 extends to any and all Notes which have been issued by Finance during 
the period beginning on 31 October 1997 through 9 November 1999. The Guarantee dated 
10 November 1999 extends to any and all Notes which have been issued by Finance during 
the period beginning on 10 November 1999 through 5 June 2001. The Guarantee dated 
6 June 2001 extends to any and all Notes which have been issued by Finance on or after 
6 June 2001 and prior to the date hereof. The Guarantee dated 1 September 2005 extends 
to any and all Notes which have been issued by Finance on or after 1 September 2005 and 
prior to the date hereof. The Guarantee dated 30 April 2014 extends to any and all Notes 
which have been issued by Finance on or after 30 April 2014 and prior to the date hereof. 
The Guarantee dated 26 April 2017 extends to any and all Notes which have been issued 
by Finance on or after 26 April 2017 and prior to the date hereof. 
(2) The Guarantor undertakes towards each Holder, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, 
not to grant or permit to subsist any encumbrance over any or all of its present or future assets, as security 
of any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness issued or guaranteed by the Guarantor or by any other 
person, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security. "Capital 
Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the form of, or 
represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes or other securities which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognised securities market. For the purposes of avoiding any doubt in respect of 
asset-backed financings originated by the Guarantor, the expression "assets" as used in this subparagraph 
(2) does not include assets of the Guarantor that are sold on a non-recourse basis determined in accordance 
with the civil law applicable to such transaction. 
(3) This Agreement and all undertakings herein contained constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third-party beneficiaries pursuant to § 328 (1) of the German Civil Code. They give rise 
to the right of each such Holder to require performance of the obligations undertaken herein directly from the 
Guarantor and to enforce such obligations directly against the Guarantor. 
(4) Citibank Europe plc does not act as fiduciary or in any similar capacity for the Holders. 
(5) Terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed to 
them in the Terms and Conditions. 
(6) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, German law. 
(7) This Agreement is written in the English language and attached hereto is a non-binding German language 
translation. 
(8) The original version of this Agreement shall be delivered to, and kept by, Citibank Europe plc.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(9) The place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall 
be Frankfurt am Main. Each Holder, however, may pursue his claims also before any other court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
(10) Each Holder may in any legal proceedings against the Guarantor or to which such Holder and the 
Guarantor are parties protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under this Agreement on the 
basis of a copy of this Agreement certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of Citibank Europe 
plc, without the need for production in such proceedings of this Guarantee. 
Bonn, 18 April 2019 
 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability. 
18 April 2019 
 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Non-binding translation of the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge: 
Garantie 
und 
Negativverpflichtung 
der 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
Bonn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, 
zugunsten der Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), 
die von der 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
(einer mit beschränkter Haftung in den Niederlanden errichteten Gesellschaft) 
im Rahmen des Debt Issuance Programme (das "Programm") 
in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung begeben werden. 
IM HINBLICK DARAUF DASS: 
(A) Deutsche Telekom AG (die "Garantin") und Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. ("Finance") 
beabsichtigt, von Zeit zu Zeit Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen des Programms zu begeben; 
(B) die Garantin die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen sowie von allen sonstigen Beträgen, die aufgrund der 
von Finance im Rahmen des Programms begebenen Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten sind, garantieren 
möchte; 
(C) die Garantin gegenüber jedem Gläubiger der von Finance im Rahmen des Programms begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine Negativverpflichtung eingehen möchte; 
WIRD FOLGENDES VEREINBART: 
(1) 
(a) 
Die 
Garantin 
übernimmt 
gegenüber 
jedem 
Gläubiger 
("Gläubiger") 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wobei dieser Begriff jede vorläufige oder Dauerglobalurkunde, die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, einschließt), die jetzt oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt nach 
dem Datum dieser Garantie von Finance im Rahmen des Programms begeben werden, die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung 
von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sowie von allen sonstigen Beträgen, 
die gemäß den Anleihebedingungen auf Schuldverschreibungen zahlbar sind, bei deren 
Fälligkeit gemäß den Anleihebedingungen. 
(b) 
Diese Garantie begründet eine unbedingte, unbesicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeit der Garantin, die mit allen anderen jeweils bestehenden, nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin gleichrangig ist. 
(c) 
Sämtliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Garantie sind ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren gleich welcher 
Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder 
von 
oder 
für 
Rechnung 
einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden 
(nachstehend zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem letzteren Fall wird die Garantin die 
zusätzlichen Beträge zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit der dem Gläubiger nach diesem 
Abzug oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen 
entspricht, die ihm zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht erforderlich wäre. 
Solche zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Steuern, Abgaben oder 
amtlicher Gebühren, die 
(i) 
von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Garantin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(ii) 
wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher Beziehungen 
des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(iii) 
aufgrund (x) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (y) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (z) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
(iv) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß den Anleihebedingungen wirksam wird. 
(d) 
Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie (i) sind selbständig und unabhängig 
von den Verpflichtungen der Finance aus den Schuldverschreibungen (ii) bestehen 
unabhängig von der Rechtmäßigkeit, Gültigkeit, Verbindlichkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und (iii) werden nicht durch Ereignisse, Bedingungen oder 
Umstände tatsächlicher oder rechtlicher Art berührt, außer durch die vollständige, 
endgültige und unwiderrufliche Erfüllung sämtlicher in den Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangenen Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
(e) 
Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie erstrecken sich, ohne dass eine 
weitere Handlung vorgenommen wird oder ein weiterer Umstand eintreten muss, auf die 
Verpflichtungen einer nicht mit der Garantin identischen Nachfolgeschuldnerin, die infolge 
einer 
Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß 
den 
Anleihebedingungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehen. 
(f) 
Diese Garantie erstreckt sich auf sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die am oder nach dem 
Datum dieser Garantie von Finance unter dem Programm begeben werden. Die Garantie 
mit Datum vom 31. Oktober 1997 gilt für sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance 
in der Zeit vom 31. Oktober 1997 bis zum 9. November 1999 begeben worden sind. Die 
Garantie mit Datum vom 10. November 1999 gilt für sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Finance in der Zeit vom 10. November 1999 bis zum 5. Juni 2001 begeben worden sind. 
Die Garantie mit Datum vom 6. Juni 2001 gilt für sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Finance am oder nach dem 6. Juni 2001 und vor dem Datum dieser Garantie begeben 
worden sind. Die Garantie mit Datum vom 1. September 2005 gilt für sämtliche 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance am oder nach dem 1. September 2005 und vor 
dem Datum dieser Garantie begeben worden sind. Die Garantie mit Datum vom 
30. April 2014 gilt für sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance am oder nach dem 
30. April 2014 und vor dem Datum dieser Garantie begeben worden sind. Die Garantie mit 
Datum vom 26. April 2017 gilt für sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die von Finance am 
oder nach dem 26. April 2017 und vor dem Datum dieser Garantie begeben worden sind. 
(2) Die Garantin verpflichtet sich gegenüber jedem Gläubiger, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, weder ihr gegenwärtiges noch ihr zukünftiges Vermögen ganz oder teilweise in 
irgendeiner Weise zur Besicherung einer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, die 
von der Garantin oder einer anderen Person eingegangen oder gewährleistet ist, zu belasten oder eine solche 
Belastung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit im 
gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede 
Verbindlichkeit zur Zahlung aufgenommener Gelder, die durch Schuldscheine verbrieft, verkörpert oder 
dokumentiert ist oder durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere, die an einer Börse oder an 
einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden können. Um 
etwaige Zweifel bezüglich von asset-backed financings der Garantin zu vermeiden, schließt das in diesem 
Absatz (2) benutzte Wort "Vermögen" nicht solche Vermögensgegenstände der Garantin ein, die nach dem 
jeweils auf die Transaktion anwendbaren Zivilrecht ohne Rückgriffsmöglichkeiten veräußert sind. 
(3) Dieser Vertrag und alle darin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten der Gläubiger 
als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 BGB dar. Sie begründen das Recht eines jeden Gläubigers, die

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Erfüllung der hierin eingegangenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von der Garantin zu fordern und diese 
Verpflichtungen unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin durchzusetzen. 
(4) Die Citibank Europe plc handelt nicht als Treuhänder oder in einer ähnlichen Eigenschaft für die Gläubiger. 
(5) Die in diesem Vertrag verwendeten und darin nicht anders definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen in den 
Anleihebedingungen zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
(6) Dieser Vertrag unterliegt deutschem Recht. 
(7) Dieser Vertrag ist in englischer Sprache abgefasst und ihm ist eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache beigefügt. 
(8) Das Original dieses Vertrages wird der Citibank Europe plc ausgehändigt und von dieser verwahrt. 
(9) Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesem Vertrag ist Frankfurt 
am Main. Jeder Gläubiger kann seine Ansprüche jedoch auch vor jedem anderen zuständigen Gericht geltend 
machen. 
(10) Jeder Gläubiger kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin und in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem er und 
die Garantin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesem Vertrag auf der Grundlage einer von einer 
vertretungsberechtigten Person der Citibank Europe plc beglaubigten Kopie dieses Vertrages ohne Vorlage 
des Originals im eigenen Namen wahrnehmen und durchsetzen. 
Bonn, 18. April 2019 
 
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
Wir nehmen die Bedingungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder Haftung an. 
18. April 2019 
 
CITIBANK EUROPE PLC

--- Page 118 ---
118 
1[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; [EITHER2: and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services] [OR3: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and 
pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, 
as applicable]4.] 
 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
[ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien[,][und] professionelle Kunden [und Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne 
der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II") umfasst [und [●]]; [ENTWEDER2: und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] [ODER3: (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden 
angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger 
angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][und] Portfolio-Management[,][und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und 
reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II 
im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung 
des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
MiFID II unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]4.] 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,][and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") 
[and retail clients as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA]; and [EITHER2: (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
 
1 
Include this legend if parties have determined a target market. 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a put and/or 
call right). 
Enfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren Anleihebedingungen keine 
Kündigungrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
4 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR3: 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to 
the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels 
[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable].4][●] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
[ausschließlich] geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS")[,][und] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch 
das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und Kleinanlager 
im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist] umfasst und [ENTWEDER2: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] [ODER3: (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][und] 
Portfolio-Management[,][und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen[, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter UK MiFIR im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]4.][●] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.5] 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) 
der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II; 
(ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "IDD"), soweit 
dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie 
ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
 
5 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors".  
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "PRIIP-Verordnung") 
erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt 
für 
das 
Angebot 
oder 
den 
Verkauf 
oder 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt und daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.5] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation") as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("UK") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der 
Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU 
Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "FSMA") und 
aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist; oder (iii) sie ist 
kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"), welche durch EUWA 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, welche durch 
EUWA Teil des nationalen rechts ist (die "UK PRIIP-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für 
das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]6 
The Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
Die Endgültigen Bedingungen können auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
eingesehen werden.  
 
6  Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot 
des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Form of Final Terms 
Muster – Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 
LEI: 549300V9QSIG4WX4GJ96] 
[DEUTSCHE TELEKOM INTERNATIONAL FINANCE B.V. 
LEI: 529900ERDFHS6C1M4U58] 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
 
Series: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
Serien: [●]/[●], Tranche [●] 
 
Issue Date: [●]7  
Tag der Begebung: [●] 
 
issued pursuant to the EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme dated on 25 March 2021 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme vom 25. März 2021 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for purposes of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"), and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 25 March 2021 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) 
dated [●]]. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Full information is only available on the basis 
of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the individual 
issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 8 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 
(in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 25. März 2021 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) 
Nachtrag(Nachträgen) dazu vom [●]] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Um 
alle Angaben zu erhalten sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im 
Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.]8 
 
 
 
 
7 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
8 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Part I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I. ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:9 
A. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:9 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I [A]9 including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I [A]9 
(einschließlich 
der 
betreffenden 
weiteren 
Optionen) 
wiederholen 
und 
betreffende 
Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II [A][B]9 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
[A][B]9 (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. 
Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to 
Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in this Prospectus as [Option 
I] [A] [Option II [A][B]10]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
zu lesen, der als [Option I] [A] [Option II [A][B]10] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
 
9 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen. 
10 In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurden, müssen die Anleihebedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber 
unterschiedliche Begebungstage, Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen 
in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variable dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen und die weder 
angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.] 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM AND TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, NENNBETRAG, FORM UND EIGENTUMSRECHT, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination11 
Währung und Nennbetrag 
Specified Currency 
Festgelegte Währung 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
Festgelegter Nennbetrag 
[     ] 
Number of Notes to be issued 
Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen 
[     ] 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Global Note12 
Globalurkunde 
 
New Global Note 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
INTEREST (§ 4) 
ZINSEN (§ 4) 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I[A]) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I[A]) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
 
11 The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in 
such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw. falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen 
Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
12 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
Festzinstermin(e) 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
 
Initial Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
 
Final Broken Amount (for the Specified Denomination) 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für den festgelegten Nennbetrag) 
[     ] 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Sustainability-Linked Schuldverschreibungen 
Step Up Interest Margin 
 
Step Up Zinsmarge 
[     ] 
Increased Interest Rate 
 
Erhöhter Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 1 Percentage 
 
SPT 1 Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 1 Year 
 
SPT 1 Jahr 
[     ] 
SPT 2 Percentage 
 
SPT 2 Zinssatz 
[     ] 
SPT 2 Year 
 
SPT 2 Jahr 
[     ] 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II [A][B]13) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II [A][B]) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[     ] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number][weeks][months][other period] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Anzahl][Wochen][Monate][anderer Zeitraum] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[ ][months] 
FRN Konvention (Floating Rate Note) (Zeiträume angeben) 
[ ] [Monate] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention  
 
13 
Insert "A" or, as the case may be, "B" in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to 
the date of this Prospectus. 
"A" bzw. "B" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum 
dieses Prospekts begeben wurde.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[  ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
TARGET 
TARGET 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 
 
EURIBOR  
 
 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable  
number of months] 
 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
Monaten angeben] 
Benchmark Event prior to the commencement of the first Interest 
Period (§ 4(5)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed]  
[[●] % per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der ersten Zinsperiode [(§ 4(5)(b))] 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde] 
[[●] % per annum] 
Margin 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[ ]% per annum 
 
plus 
plus 
 
minus 
minus 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[ ] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction14 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regel 251) 
 
annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 
14 Complete for all Notes. 
 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short 
coupons) 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 
Calculation Period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 
Reference period15 
Bezugsperiode 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[  ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
PAYMENTS (§ 5)16 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 5) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
relevant financial centre(s) 
[  ] 
relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 
TARGET 
TARGET 
REDEMPTION (§ 6) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 6) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date17 
Fälligkeitstag 
[     ] 
Redemption Month18 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[     ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at  
Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)19 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu  
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[     ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[     ] 
 
15 Not applicable in the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long 
coupons). 
Nicht anwendbar bei Actual/Actual (ICMA 251) mit jährlichen Zinsperioden (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen 
Kupons). 
16 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
17 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
18 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
19 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Final Redemption Amount20 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem Zinszahlungstag  
danach 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at  
Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)21 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Gläubigers zu  
festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[     ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[     ] 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 7)22 
EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 7) 
Calculation Agent/specified office 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[     ] 
required location of Calculation Agent (specify) 
vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle (angeben) 
[     ] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT OF 
THE GUARANTEE] ([§ 12]) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] ([§ 12]) 
 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
 
 Applicable 
 
Anwendbar 
 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the Terms 
and Conditions 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht 
in den Anleihebedingungen 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
 
 Name and address of the Holders' Representative 
[specify details] 
 Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
 
 
 Not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
 
NOTICES ([§ 14]) 
MITTEILUNGEN ([§ 14]) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
20 Complete for floating rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
21 Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
22  Complete only if a Calculation Agent other than the Fiscal Agent is to be appointed. 
Nur auszufüllen, wenn eine Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, die nicht der Fiscal Agent ist.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS ([§ 16])23 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN ([§ 16]) 
 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
English only 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
German only24 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
23  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, in 
the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, 
however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available 
from the principal office of Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich Ebert-Allee 140, 63105 Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum 
Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland verkauft werden, wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Investoren die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird 
eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich 
Ebert-Allee 140, 63105 Bonn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland erhältlich sein. 
24 Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht am regulierten Markt innerhalb des 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Part II. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Teil II. ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. 
Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot 
beteiligt sind 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and  
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der  
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. 
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking  
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking Transaktionen mit 
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen,  
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen  
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 
Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds25 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge  
Estimated net proceeds26 
[     ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
Estimated total expenses of the issue27 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
EZB-Fähigkeit: 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (NGN)28 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN) 
   
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
 
25 If reasons for the offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks include those reasons here. 
 
Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in der Gewinnerzielung und/oder der Absicherung bestimmter Risiken bestehen, 
sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
26 If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out and present in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
27  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festgelegten Nennbetrag von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
28  Only applicable for Notes in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. 
Select "No" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
 
Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem 
ICSD als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service 
provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier 
lediglich 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) 
des Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen Zentralbank abhängen, dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
mit 
"Nein" 
festgelegt 
wurde, 
können 
sich 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft 
derart 
ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden 
diese 
einzuhalten. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einem 
der 
ICSDs 
als 
gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es wird darauf 
hingewiesen, 
dass 
dies 
nicht 
notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
der 
taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird von der Entscheidung der 
Europäischen Zentralbank abhängen, dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt 
werden.]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Not applicable (CGN)29 
 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN)  
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)30  
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF)  
 
 
[Note that the ticked box means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt and that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.] 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass das 
Häkchen in dem Kästchen bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung 
von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
verwahrt werden und dass dies nicht 
notwenigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten 
Laufzeit 
als 
EZB-fähige 
Sicherheiten 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt davon ab, ob die Zulässigkeitskriterien 
des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
B. 
Information concerning the Notes to be offered/admitted to trading 
B. 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern  
Common Code 
[     ] 
Common Code 
ISIN Code 
[     ] 
ISIN Code 
German Securities Code 
[     ] 
Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)31] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[     ] 
[Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[     ] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI Code)32] 
[     ] 
[Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI Code)] 
[     ] 
Any other securities number 
[     ] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
 
29  Select if the Notes are in CGN form. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
30  Select if the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden. 
31  If the FISN is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der FISN nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
32  If the CFI Code is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Wenn der CFI Code nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility33 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates  
and the further performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained from 
[Not applicable] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre  
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the EURIBOR rates 
§ 4 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die EURIBOR 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 4 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity34 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[    ]% per annum 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the investors and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of the website investors may have free access to 
the contracts relating to these forms of representation35 
Vertretung der Inhaber von Nichtdividendenwerten unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der auf die Vertretung anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der die Öffentlichkeit kostenlos 
die Verträge einsehen kann, die diese Vertretung regeln 
[Not applicable][specify details] 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror, of 
the Instruments and/or the person asking for admission to trading, including 
the legal entity identifier (LEI) where the offeror has legal personality. 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
 
Sofern der Anbieter nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist, Angabe der 
Identität und der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldverschreibungen 
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person 
einschließlich 
der 
Rechtsträgerkennung 
(LEI), 
falls 
der 
Anbieter 
Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
 
33 Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
34 Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes.  
 
Nur bei festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
35  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 12 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 12 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
C. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer36 
C. 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots  
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the Notes offered to the public/admitted to trading. If the 
amount is not fixed, an indication of the maximum amount of the Notes to 
be offered (if available) and a description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of the offer. 
Gesamtemissionsvolumen 
der 
öffentlich 
angebotenen/zum 
Handel 
zugelassenen Schuldverschreibungen. Ist das Emissionsvolumen nicht 
festgelegt, Angabe des maximalen Emissionsvolumens der anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(sofern 
verfügbar) 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Vereinbarungen und des Zeitpunkt für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum. 
[specify details]  
 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot  
vorliegt und Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art 
und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, 
(whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
(entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten 
zu investierenden Betrags) 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des 
Angebots offen zu legen sind 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of 
subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit 
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten 
Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment37 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more countries 
and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of these,  
indicate any such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer Länder  
und wurde/wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten,  
Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
36 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
37 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 Pricing38 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Kurs, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 Placing and underwriting39 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place 
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots 
oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern dem Emittenten oder dem 
Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Plazeuren in den einzelnen Ländern des  
Angebots   
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.5 Public Offer Jurisdiction 
 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify relevant Member  
State(s) – which must be jurisdiction(s) 
where the Prospectus  
and any supplements have been passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfinden kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedsstaat(en) 
einfügen – Dieser muss eine/diese müssen  
Jurisdiktionen sein, in die der Prospekt  
und etwaige Nachträge notifiziert wurden] 
Method of distribution  
[Specify details] 
Vertriebsmethode  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement40 
 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
 
38 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
39 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
40 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Management Details including form of commitment41  
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 
Firm commitment 
[     ] 
Feste Zusage 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[     ] 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions42 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[     ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[     ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors43 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors44 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanlager 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keine] 
D. 
Admission to trading 
D. 
Zulassung zum Handel 
Admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Zulassung zum Handel 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Date of admission 
[     ] 
Termin der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading45 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
Regulated markets, third country markets or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the notes to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to trading.46 
Angabe geregelter Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte der MTFs auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen 
werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. 
 
41 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
42 To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
43 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
44 Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der UK PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
45 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
46 In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
[     ] 
Issue Price:  
[ ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: 
[ ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. 
Additional Information 
E. 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating47 
[     ] 
Rating 
[The Notes are expected to be rated.] 
[Es wird erwartet, dass den Schuldverschreibungen ein Rating erteilt wird.] 
[Listing and Admission to Trading:48 
Börseneinführung und Zulassung: 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required to list this issue of Notes pursuant to the 
EUR 35,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Deutsche Telekom AG and Deutsche Telekom 
International Finance B.V. (as from [insert Issue Date of the Notes]). 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung dieser Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß des EUR 35.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Deutsche 
Telekom AG und der Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. (ab dem [Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) erforderlich sind.] 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus 
F. 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission 
of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und 
– soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten 
Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht 
 
47  Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. 
48 Insert only if the Notes are listed. 
 
Nur einzufügen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen gelistet werden.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
[Deutsche Telekom AG 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]] 
 
[Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Taxation 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IN THE NOTES 
OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A POTENTIAL INVESTOR IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR 
COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM ANY NOTES. 
POTENTIAL INVESTORS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY 
AND THE NETHERLANDS AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS ON THE INCOME 
RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
General Information 
General 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including CBF, CBL and Euroclear) 
has/have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance and provide any further appropriate information. 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the issue of Notes  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, one or both of the Issuers and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers' affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with either of the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by 
it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if Finance is the Issuer) 
and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if Finance is the Issuer) and any of the Dealers has represented that 
Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale. 
2. United States of America 
(a) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note as part of its allotment within the United 
States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make 
the representation set forth in Article 4 (1)(15)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) has 
acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered 
and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and 
(y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date only in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and (iii) accordingly has further 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also 
agreed that at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b) (2) (iii) (i) as part of its distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the 
closing date except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(a) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the 
prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation Section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the D 
Rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes that are sold during the restricted 
period; 
(ii) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes 
for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the 
purposes of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) 
has repeated and confirmed the representations and the agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for 
the benefit of the Issuer the agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
Terms used in this paragraph (b) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. EEA  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the term "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the term an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a 
"Relevant State") that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 141 ---
141 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify an offer of those Notes other than pursuant to 
Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
4. United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer" ), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating 
such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public 
Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(c) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for general financing purposes of Deutsche Telekom's group 
companies. 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information  
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list of and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom and 
by the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board of Finance on 20 June 1997, 18 August 1997 and 
1 September 1997, respectively. 
The latest increase of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
to EUR 35,000,000,000 was authorised by the Board of Management of Deutsche Telekom on 
26 March 2019 and by the Board of Management of Finance on 27 March 2019.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Incorporation by Reference / Documents on Display 
The audited consolidated financial statements for Deutsche Telekom AG and the audited unconsolidated 
financial statements for Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 150 in the Annual Report of 2020), 
Consolidated income statement (page 151 in the Annual Report of 2020), 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 152 in the Annual Report of 2020), 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 153 to 154 in the Annual Report of 2020), 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 155 in the Annual Report of 2020) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 157 to 273 in the 
Annual Report of 2020), 
Auditor's report (pages 275 to 282 in the Annual Report of 2020). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 can be found on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10fe27039e59874a05b19c6ffdc12371c8 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 consisting of: 
Consolidated statement of financial position (page 147 in the Annual Report of 2019), 
Consolidated income statement (page 148 in the Annual Report of 2019), 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (page 149 in the Annual Report of 2019), 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (pages 150 to 151 in the Annual Report of 2019), 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (page 152 in the Annual Report of 2019) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements including other disclosures (pages 153 to 273 in the 
Annual Report of 2019), 
Auditor's report (page 275 to 280 in the Annual Report of 2019). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Deutsche Telekom as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 can be found on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1012ab815f43a840f1ab5e28e31b4d7cb1 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Finance as of and for the financial year ended on 
31 December 2020 consisting of 
Statement of comprehensive income (page 9 in the Annual Report of 2020)  
Statement of financial position (page 10 in the Annual Report of 2020) 
Statement of changes in equity (page 11 in the Annual Report of 2020) 
Statement of cash flows (page 12 in the Annual Report of 2020) 
Notes to the financial statements (pages 13 to 32 in the Annual Report of 2020) 
Auditor's report (last pages (pages 34 to 42 of the pdf-file) in the Annual Report of 2020). 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Finance as of and for the financial year ended on 
31 December 2020 can be found on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f61c568c63c1481e82d21bbdcd88fcb4 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Finance as of and for the financial year ended on

--- Page 145 ---
145 
31 December 2019 consisting of 
Statement of comprehensive income (page 8 in the Annual Report of 2019)  
Statement of financial position (page 9 in the Annual Report of 2019) 
Statement of changes in equity (page 10 in the Annual Report of 2019) 
Statement of cash flows (page 11 in the Annual Report of 2019) 
Notes to the financial statements (pages 12 to 30 in the Annual Report of 2019) 
Auditor's report (last pages (pages 32 to 39 of the pdf-file) in the Annual Report of 2019). 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Finance as of and for the financial year ended on 
31 December 2019 can be found on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10aa5626d616d9439bb7b3d16f77683f92 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (pages 88 to 103 (English 
Language) and pages 121 to 138 (German Language)) (Option I) and for Notes with floating interest rates 
(pages 104 to 120 (English Language) and pages 139 to 157 (German Language)) (Option II) as contained 
in the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 18 April 2019, respectively, are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus and can be found on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1045a46cce069e4eafa4ecf490775fd0d0 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or 
covered in another part of this Prospectus. Such information incorporated by reference that is not included in 
the cross-reference list above, is considered additional information and is not required by the relevant 
schedules of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
This Prospectus and all Reference Documents are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). During the whole life of the Programme, this Prospectus as well as all 
supplements thereto, all Reference Documents, the Guarantee and Negative Pledge of Deutsche Telekom 
AG, all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuers' request any part of which is included or referred to in this Prospectus, 
the historical consolidated financial information of Deutsche Telekom Group for each of the two financial years 
preceding the publication of this Prospectus are available on the website of Deutsche Telekom 
(www.telekom.com).  
The Articles of Association of Deutsche Telekom AG can be obtained from the following website: 
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/308984/d2d1eaf142ef22ba0aa397deeb5e3716/dl-satzung-data.pdf 
The Articles of Association of Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. can be obtained from the 
following website (Dutch language version followed by an English language translation):  
https://www.telekom.com/resource/blob/598544/320fcfe44ac629e3ad1214fd3545f836/dl-articles-of-
association-of-dtif-data.pdf

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Names and Addresses 
Issuers 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140 
53113 Bonn 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
Stationsplein 8K 
6221BT Maastricht 
The Netherlands 
 
Guarantor 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140 
53113 Bonn 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 München 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Agents 
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Dealers 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Auditors of 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Deutsche Telekom International Finance B.V. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands