--- Page 1 ---
DIB Sukuk Limited 
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) 
U.S.$7,500,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
Under the U.S.$7,500,000,000 trust certificate issuance programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), DIB Sukuk Limited (in its capacities as issuer and 
as trustee, the Trustee), subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust certificates (the Certificates) in any 
currency agreed between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate face amount of all Certificates from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed U.S.$7,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
Each Series (as defined in the Conditions) of Certificates issued under the Programme will be constituted by (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the Master Trust 
Deed) dated 16 November 2022 entered into between the Trustee, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC (DIB) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as delegate of the Trustee (the 
Delegate, which expression shall include any co-Delegate or any successor) and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (the Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master 
Trust Deed, each a Trust Deed) in relation to the relevant Tranche (as defined in the Conditions). Certificates of each Series confer on the holders of the Certificates 
from time to time (the Certificateholders) the right to receive certain payments (as more particularly described herein) arising from a pro rata ownership interest in the 
assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the Trust) over the Trust Assets (as defined below) which will include, inter alia, (i) the relevant 
Portfolio (as defined herein); and (ii) the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below). 
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) specified under “Overview of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Trustee and DIB, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Certificates. 
The Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Irish Central Bank), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Irish Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Irish Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Trustee or DIB or of the quality 
of the Certificates. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Certificates.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Certificates issued under the Programme during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of Euronext Dublin. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II).  Such approval 
relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or on another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) under Rule 2.6 of the DFSA’s Markets Rules (the Markets Rules) and is 
therefore an approved prospectus for the purposes of Article 14 of the DIFC Law No.1 of 2012 (the Markets Law).  Application has also been made to the DFSA for 
Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities (the DFSA 
Official List) maintained by the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai for such Certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. 
The liability for the content of this Base Prospectus lies with the Trustee and DIB. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of the Certificates to which this Base 
Prospectus relates to any particular investor or type of investor and has not determined whether they are Sharia compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus or are unsure whether the Certificates to which this Base Prospectus relates are suitable for your individual investment objectives and circumstances, you should 
consult an authorised financial adviser. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been (a) admitted to listing on 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or, as the case may be, another MiFID regulated market and/or (b) admitted to listing on 
the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai.  
The Programme provides that Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, DIB and the relevant Dealer. The Trustee may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on any market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of Certificates, profit (if any) payable in respect of the Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (the applicable Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Irish Central Bank and, with 
respect to Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin and, with respect to Certificates to be listed on Nasdaq Dubai, the DFSA and Nasdaq Dubai. Copies of Final Terms 
in relation to Certificates to be listed on (i) Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of the Irish Central Bank and (ii) Nasdaq Dubai will also be published on 
the website of the DFSA.   
The Certificates have not been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) nor with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. Accordingly, Certificates 
may be offered or sold solely to persons who are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. Each purchaser of the 
Certificates is hereby notified that the offer and sale of Certificates to it is being made in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Regulation S. 
DIB has been assigned long term ratings of “A” by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch) with a “stable” outlook and “A3” by Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (Moody’s) 
with a “stable” outlook. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Fitch is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody’s is included in the list of credit

--- Page 2 ---
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The 
rating issued by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. is established in the United Kingdom and is registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
A Series to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB and the 
Sharia Committee of Dar al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC and the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee. Prospective 
Certificateholders should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own Sharia advisers as to whether 
the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Sharia principles. 
Amounts payable on Certificates in respect of which the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable will be 
calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, KLIBOR, EIBOR, SAIBOR, BBSW, PRIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR and 
TIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR, SIBOR, BBSW and PRIBOR are included in 
the register of administrators of ESMA under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of SHIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR, EIBOR, SAIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR, TRYLIBOR and TIBOR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Trustee is aware, KLIBOR and EIBOR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation. As far as the Trustee is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Intercontinental 
Exchange (ICE) Benchmark Administration, Treasury Markets Association of Banks, Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited, the Banks Association of Turkey, the 
JBA TIBOR Administration and the New Zealand Financial Markets Association, are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Arranger 
Dubai Islamic Bank 
Dealers 
Dubai Islamic Bank 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 16 November 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus complies with the requirements in Part 2 of the Markets Law and Chapter 2 of the 
Markets Rules. 
Each of the Trustee and DIB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche issued under the Programme. To the best of their knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Certain information under the headings “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Group” and  “The United Arab 
Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations” has been extracted from information provided by or obtained 
from independent third party sources and, in each case, the relevant source of such information is specified 
where it appears under those headings.  
Each of the Trustee and DIB confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant sources referred to, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and, 
in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Irish Central Bank. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Trustee or DIB to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme 
or the Certificates and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers (as defined under “Overview of the 
Programme”), the Delegate, the Agents (each as defined herein) or any other person. Neither the delivery of 
this document nor any sale of any Certificates shall, under any circumstances, constitute a representation or 
create any implication that the information contained herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Delegate and the Dealers expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or DIB at any point, including 
during the life of the Programme, or to advise any investor in Certificates issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or 
agents has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of them as to 
the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by DIB in connection with the Programme and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted for the acts or omissions of DIB or any other person in connection with the Programme or the issue 
and offering of Certificates thereunder. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF  
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF CERTIFICATES GENERALLY 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Certificates is (i) intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Trustee, DIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any Certificates. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Certificates should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Trustee and DIB. None of the Dealers, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents or their 
respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents accepts any liability in relation to the information contained

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Trustee and DIB in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Certificates of any Series may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in 
Certificates must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Certificates, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact the relevant Certificates 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Certificates are legal investments for it, (2) Certificates can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Certificates under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No comment is made or advice given by the Trustee, DIB, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents in respect 
of taxation matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of the Certificates by an investor 
under any applicable law. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, 
SHARIA ADVISER, LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, 
BUSINESS 
AND 
RELATED 
MATTERS 
CONCERNING 
THE 
PURCHASE 
OF 
ANY 
CERTIFICATES. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or 
agents makes any representation or provides any assurance as to the suitability of any Sustainable Certificates 
(as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market, or to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria or guidelines with 
which any prospective investors are required, or intend, to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, the Framework (as defined herein). None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents 
or their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents has undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects (as defined herein), any verification of 
whether the Eligible Sustainable Projects meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any 
Sustainable Certificates (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds by DIB to particular 
Eligible Sustainable Projects. Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in 
“Description of the Bank – Sustainable Finance Framework” and seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase of Sustainable Certificates before deciding to

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
 
invest and determine for itself the relevance of such information together with any other investigation it deems 
necessary for the purposes of an investment in Sustainable Certificates. 
 
Prospective investors should also refer to the Framework which DIB may publish from time to time, any 
second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of DIB in respect 
of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Certificates for further information. Any such 
framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or their respective directors, 
affiliates, advisers or agents makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the Framework (as 
defined herein), any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof or any public reporting by or on behalf 
of DIB in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Certificates, all of which are 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Certificates 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Certificates may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or their respective 
directors, affiliates, advisers or agents represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Trustee, DIB, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Certificates or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the 
Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Certificates in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the United 
Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Kuwait, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia 
and the People’s Republic of China, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee, DIB, the Delegate or their respective directors, affiliates, 
advisers or agents makes any representation to any investor in the Certificates regarding the legality of its 
investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Certificates should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Certificates for an indefinite period of time. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements relating to the Group included in this document are as follows:  
 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information as at and for the nine month period 
ended 30 September 2022 (the 2022 Interim Financial Information); 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 together 
with comparative financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2021 Financial 
Statements); and 
 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 together 
with comparative financial information for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2020 Financial 
Statements and, together with the 2021 Financial Statements, the Audited Financial Statements).

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Audited Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (the IASB). The Audited Financial Statements were audited in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing by Deloitte & Touche (M.E.), without qualification as stated in their audit 
reports appearing therein. The 2022 Interim Financial Information has been prepared in accordance with 
International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (IAS 34). The 2022 Interim Financial 
Information was reviewed by Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) in accordance with the International Standard on 
Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor 
of the Entity” (ISRE 2410), as stated in their review report appearing therein. 
The Group publishes its financial statements in dirham. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
In this document, references to: 
 
Abu Dhabi and Dubai are to the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the Emirate of Dubai, respectively; 
 
Central Bank are to the central bank of the UAE; 
 
GCC are to the Gulf Co-operation Council; 
 
Group are to DIB and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates taken as a whole; 
 
MENA region are to the Middle East and North Africa region; 
 
UAE are to the United Arab Emirates; 
 
U.S.$ and U.S. dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States; 
 
euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
 
dirham and AED are to the lawful currency of the UAE; and 
 
a billion are to a thousand million. 
The dirham has been pegged to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point between the official 
buying and selling rates for the dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = U.S.$1.00. All U.S. dollar translations 
of dirham amounts appearing in this Base Prospectus have been translated at this fixed exchange rate. Such 
translations should not be construed as representations that dirham amounts have been or could be converted 
into U.S. dollars at this or any other rate of exchange. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
For the purposes of calculating certain figures and percentages, the underlying numbers used have been 
extracted from the relevant financial statements rather than the rounded numbers contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede 
them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Information contained in any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
A number of the financial measures presented by DIB in “Selected financial information – Key business ratios” 
in this Base Prospectus are not defined in IFRS. However, DIB believes that these measures provide useful 
supplementary information to both investors and DIB’s management, as they facilitate the evaluation of 
company performance. It is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements in the 
same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these 
financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined in IFRS. 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for 
certain entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits “banking entities” (which is broadly 
defined to include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together with 
their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring or 
retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund”, and (iii) entering into certain relationships 
with “covered funds”.  The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any prospective investor in 
the Certificates and any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule which is considering 
an investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the 
Volcker Rule in respect of such investment.  If investment by “banking entities” in the Certificates is prohibited 
or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Certificates.  No 
assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to 
acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and accordingly none of the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the 
Delegate, the Agents or the Dealers, or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents makes 
any representation regarding (a) the status of the Trustee under the Volcker Rule (including whether it is a 
“covered fund” for their purposes) or (b) the ability of any purchaser to acquire or hold the Certificates, now 
or at any time in the future. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates,

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO 
TIME  
(THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms all Certificates issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements”. Forward-looking 
statements include statements concerning DIB’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Group” 
and “Risk Management” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. DIB has based these forward-looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although DIB believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified 
below or which DIB has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of DIB’s underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, DIB’s actual results of operation may vary from those 
expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore strongly advised to read the sections “Risk Factors”, 
“Description of the Group”, “Risk Management” and “The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector and 
Regulations”, which include a more detailed description of the factors that might have an impact on DIB’s 
business development and on the industry sector in which DIB operates. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws, DIB expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate 
after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained 
herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any forward-looking statement is based. Given the uncertainties of forward-looking statements, DIB 
cannot assure potential investors that projected results or events will be achieved and DIB cautions potential 
investors not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme which do not constitute “alternative finance 
investment bonds” (AFIBs) within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001/544, as amended, will represent interests in a collective 
investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA)) 
which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise approved by the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA). Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not 
be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any other 
marketing materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the 
distribution of the Certificates (whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person 
who is not an authorised person under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons who are 
Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Financial Promotion Order); (ii) persons falling within any of

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
 
the categories of persons described in Article 49 (High net worth companies, unincorporated 
associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may 
otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if the 
Certificates are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person 
under the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the categories of 
Investment Professional as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the Promotion of CISs Order); 
(ii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in Article 22 (High net worth 
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CISs Order; and (iii) any other person 
to whom it may otherwise be lawfully promoted. Persons of any other description in the United 
Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any 
other marketing materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the United Kingdom in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the 
protections afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such 
Certificates and that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme. 
Any prospective investor intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should 
consult its professional adviser and ensure that it fully understands all the risks associated with making 
such an investment and that it has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from 
such investment. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to any member of the public of the Cayman 
Islands to subscribe for any Certificates to be issued under this Programme and this Base Prospectus 
shall not be construed as an invitation to the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any such 
Certificates. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the Capital Market Authority).  
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of 
this document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred 
in reliance upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby 
should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If 
you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any 
equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to 
the terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 
of 2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered 
as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document 
or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors 
for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether 
in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy 
and completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any 
part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be 
issued, passed to or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase 
and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or 
indirectly, and this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may 
not be distributed in Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories of person set out in 
Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or 
Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 
2007 of Malaysia (CMSA), as may be amended and/or varied from time to time and subject to any 
amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the 
Trustee or DIB and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions 
or reports expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF CERTIFICATES, THE DEALER 
OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON 
BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
CERTIFICATES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE ISSUE DATE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY 
TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE 
DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF THE CERTIFICATES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE 
DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF THE CERTIFICATES. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES.

--- Page 11 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................. 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 32 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS ....................................................................................... 33 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES .............................................................................................................. 36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................... 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ....................................................................... 49 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................... 82 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ......................................................................................................... 83 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 85 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP .............................................................................................................. 87 
RISK MANAGEMENT .............................................................................................................................. 110 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ..................................................................................................... 121 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND REGULATIONS .............................. 131 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ................................................. 141 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 154 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 156 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 162

--- Page 12 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme. This overview does not contain 
all of the information that an investor should consider before investing in Certificates and is qualified in 
its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. Each investor should 
read the entire Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms carefully, especially the risks of investing 
in Certificates issued under the Programme discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
 
Issuer and Trustee: 
DIB Sukuk Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited 
liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered number 
268522 and its registered office at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, 
Queensgate House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The 
Trustee has been incorporated solely for the purpose of participating in the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (as defined 
below) to which it is a party. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Trustee: 
549300U3ZMUHC2JQLL56 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of DIB: 
5493003E7YRAQY3JGW88 
Seller and Service Agent: 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Trustee’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Certificates issued under the Programme, and DIB’s 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Certificates issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are set out under “Risk Factors” above. 
Ownership of the Trustee: 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 consisting of 
50,000 shares of U.S.$1 each, of which 250 shares are fully paid up and 
issued. The Trustee’s entire issued share capital is held by MaplesFS 
Limited on trust for charitable purposes. 
Administration of the 
Trustee: 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited (the Trustee 
Administrator), who will provide, amongst other things, certain 
administrative services for and on behalf of the Trustee pursuant to an 
Amended and Restated Corporate Services Agreement dated 22 February 
2021 between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator (the Corporate 
Services Agreement). The Trustee Administrator’s registered office is 
P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman KY1 1102, Cayman 
Islands. 
Arranger: 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Dealers: 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Standard Chartered Bank

--- Page 13 ---
2 
 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Certificates. 
Delegate: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee shall delegate to the 
Delegate certain of the present and future duties, powers, trusts, authorities 
and discretions vested in the Trustee by certain provisions of the Master 
Trust Deed. In particular, the Delegate shall be entitled to (and, in certain 
circumstances, shall, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, be obliged to) take enforcement action in the 
name of the Trustee against the Seller and/or the Service Agent and/or DIB 
following a Dissolution Event. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each Series denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). The proceeds of each Series will not be accepted 
in the United Kingdom except in compliance with applicable law, 
including article 5 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Regulated Activities) Order 2001. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$7,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Trustee and DIB may increase the size of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
The Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different Issue Dates. The Certificates of each 
Series will have the same terms and conditions (which will be completed 
in the applicable Final Terms) or terms and conditions which are the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic 
Distribution Amounts thereon and the date from which Periodic 
Distribution Amounts start to accrue. 
Distribution: 
Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Certificates may 
be denominated in any currency agreed between the Trustee, DIB and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Trustee, DIB and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Trustee or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of Certificates to be

--- Page 14 ---
3 
 
 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the Trustee, DIB and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Form of Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form as described in “Form of 
the Certificates”.  The Certificates of each Tranche will be represented on 
issue by ownership interests in a Global Certificate which will be 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership 
interests in each Global Certificate will be shown on, and transfers thereof 
will only be effected through, records maintained by each relevant clearing 
system and its participants. See “Form of the Certificates”. Definitive 
Certificates evidencing holdings of Certificates will be issued in exchange 
for ownership interests in a Global Certificate only in limited 
circumstances.  
Clearance and Settlement: 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the relevant Global 
Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearance systems. 
Face Amount of 
Certificates: 
The Certificates will be issued in such face amounts as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, DIB and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
face amount of each Certificate will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions” above, and save that: (i) the 
minimum face amount of each Certificate admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Certificates are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency); and (ii) the minimum face amount of each Certificate 
listed on the DFSA Official List will be U.S.$100,000 (or, if the 
Certificates are issued in a currency other than United States dollars, the 
equivalent amount in such currency, as calculated on the Issue Date of 
such Tranche). 
Status of the Certificates: 
Each Certificate will evidence an undivided ownership interest of the 
Certificateholders in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series, will be a 
direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse obligation of the 
Trustee and will rank pari passu, without any preference or priority, with 
all other Certificates of the relevant Series issued under the Programme. 
Trust Assets: 
The Trust Assets of the relevant Series will be all of the Trustee’s rights, 
title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under (i) the 
relevant Portfolio, (ii) the Transaction Documents (other than (A) in 
relation to any representations given to the Trustee by DIB pursuant to any 
of the Transaction Documents and any rights which have been expressly 
waived by the Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents and (B) the 
covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the Master Trust 
Deed), (iii) all monies standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction 
Account from time to time, and all proceeds of the foregoing listed (i) to 
(iii) (the Trust Assets), and such Trust Assets will be held upon trust

--- Page 15 ---
4 
 
 
absolutely for the Certificateholders pro rata according to the face amount 
of Certificates held by each Certificateholder for the relevant Series. 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution Amounts, 
out of the amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the 
terms of the Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, calculated on the basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption of Certificates: 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Certificates shall be redeemed by the Trustee at the relevant 
Dissolution Amount and on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Trust in relation to the 
relevant Series will be dissolved by the Trustee. 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Certificates may be 
redeemed in full on the Dissolution Date at the relevant Dissolution 
Amount, together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amount 
and the relevant Return Accumulation Period may be adjusted 
accordingly. See Condition 14. 
Early Dissolution for Tax 
Reasons: 
Where (i) DIB has determined that the Trustee has or will become obliged 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 11 or (ii) DIB has or will become obliged to pay any additional 
amounts under the Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking 
and/or the Sale Undertaking, in each case as a result of a change in the 
laws of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the Conditions) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee or DIB, as applicable, taking 
reasonable measures available to it, the Trustee may, following receipt of 
an exercise notice from DIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, redeem the 
Certificates in whole but not in part at an amount equal to the relevant 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) together with any due but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts on the relevant Dissolution Date and, if the Floating 
Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Dissolution Date must be a Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
Optional Dissolution Right: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee may, following 
receipt of an exercise notice from DIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, 
redeem in whole but not in part the Certificates of the relevant Series at 
the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) on the relevant Optional 
Dissolution Date and, if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Optional 
Dissolution Date must be a Periodic Distribution Date. 
If applicable to the relevant Series, the Optional Dissolution Date(s) will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For Sharia reasons, the Optional Dissolution (Call) and the 
Certificateholder Put Option cannot both be specified as applicable in any 
single Series. 
Certificateholder Put 
Option: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificateholders may elect 
to redeem their Certificates on any Certificateholder Put Option Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at an amount equal to the relevant 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) together with any 
due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts in accordance with 
Condition 10.4. Following the payment by DIB of the relevant exercise

--- Page 16 ---
5 
 
 
price under the Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee will redeem the relevant 
Certificates on the relevant Certificateholder Put Option Date. 
For Sharia reasons, the Certificateholder Put Option and Optional 
Dissolution (Call) cannot both be specified as applicable in any single 
Series. 
Cancellation of Certificates 
held by DIB and/or any of 
its Subsidiaries: 
Pursuant to Condition 13, DIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Certificates in the open market or otherwise. If DIB wishes 
to cancel such Certificates purchased by it and/or any of its Subsidiaries, 
DIB will deliver those Certificates to the Principal Paying Agent for 
cancellation. DIB may also exercise its option under the Sale Undertaking 
to require the Trustee to transfer to DIB an undivided ownership interest 
(each a Cancellation Interest) in the relevant Portfolio with an aggregate 
Value no greater than the aggregate face amount of the Certificates so 
delivered to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation and, upon such 
cancellation, the Trustee will transfer those Assets to DIB, all as more 
particularly described in the Sale Undertaking. Each Cancellation Interest 
will be calculated as the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the relevant Certificates to be cancelled to the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding immediately prior 
to the cancellation of such Certificates. 
Asset Substitution: 
The Service Agent may substitute Assets in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Service Agency Agreement and the Sale Undertaking, 
provided that no Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
substitute assets are Assets and the Value of such substitute assets shall 
have an aggregate Value which is not less than the aggregate Value of the 
Assets to be so substituted. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments by DIB under, or pursuant to, the Purchase Undertaking and 
Sale Undertaking and all payments by the Service Agent under the Service 
Agency Agreement shall be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless the withholding is required by 
law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made, DIB 
and/or the Service Agent, as the case may be, will be required to pay 
additional amounts so that the Trustee will receive the full amounts that it 
would have received in the absence of such withholding or deduction. 
All payments in respect of Certificates by the Trustee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any taxes, levies, 
imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction. In 
the event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the Trustee will, 
save in the limited circumstances provided in Condition 11, be required to 
pay additional amounts so that the holders of the Certificates will receive 
the full amounts that they would have received in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a negative pledge given by DIB. See 
“Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Purchase 
Undertaking”.

--- Page 17 ---
6 
 
 
Cross Default: 
The Purchase Undertaking contains a cross default provision in relation to 
DIB. See “Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Purchase 
Undertaking”. 
Trustee Covenants: 
The Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants as set out in 
Condition 5. 
Ratings: 
DIB has been assigned long term ratings of “A” by Fitch with a “stable” 
outlook and “A3” by Moody’s with a “stable” outlook. 
A Series to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Series of Certificates is to be rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Certificateholder Meetings: 
A summary of the provisions for convening meetings of Certificateholders 
of each Series to consider matters relating to their interests as such is set 
out in Condition 18. 
Tax Considerations: 
See “Taxation” for a description of certain tax considerations applicable 
to the Certificates. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made for Certificates issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Certificates issued under 
this Programme during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be 
admitted to the DFSA Official List and to Nasdaq Dubai for such 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Trustee, 
DIB and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Certificates which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Transaction Documents: 
The Transaction Documents are the Master Trust Deed, each 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Master Purchase 
Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase Contract, the Service Agency 
Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking and the Sale Undertaking. 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
The Certificates of each Series and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Certificates of each Series will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Master Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, 
the Sale Undertaking and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the same will be governed by English law. In respect 
of any dispute under any such agreement or deed to which it is a party,

--- Page 18 ---
7 
 
 
DIB has consented to arbitration in London under the Rules. Any dispute 
may also be referred to the courts in England or the courts of the DIFC 
(who shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from 
such documents). 
Each of the Master Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase 
Contract, each Sale Agreement entered into under the Purchase 
Undertaking and each Sale Agreement or Transfer Agreement entered into 
under the Sale Undertaking will be governed by the laws of Dubai and, to 
the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE. In respect of 
any dispute under any such agreement to which it is a party, DIB has 
agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Dubai courts. 
The Corporate Services Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
Cayman Islands and will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the 
courts of the Cayman Islands. 
Waiver of Immunity: 
To the extent that DIB may claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, 
injunctions and all other legal proceedings and relief and to the extent that 
such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to it or its assets 
or revenues, DIB will agree in the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party not to claim and will irrevocably and unconditionally waive such 
immunity in relation to any legal proceedings. Further, DIB will 
irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation, jurisdiction, 
enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with 
any legal proceedings. 
Limited Recourse: 
Each Certificate represents solely an undivided ownership interest in the 
relevant Trust Assets. No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be 
made in respect of the Certificates except to the extent that funds for that 
purpose are available for the relevant Trust Assets. 
Certificateholders will otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the 
Trustee or DIB in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due 
under the relevant Trust Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been 
exhausted, following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be 
extinguished. 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Certificates in the United States, the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, Japan, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of 
Bahrain, the State of Kuwait, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia and the 
People’s Republic of China. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 19 ---
8 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The purchase of any Certificates may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate 
the risks and merits of an investment in the Certificates. Before making an investment decision, prospective 
purchasers of Certificates should consider carefully, in light of their own financial circumstances and 
investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Each of the Trustee and DIB believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Certificates, but the inability of the Trustee to pay any amounts on or in connection with any 
Certificate may occur for other reasons and neither the Trustee nor DIB represents that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Certificate are exhaustive. There may also be other considerations, 
including some which may not be presently known to the Trustee or DIB or which the Trustee or DIB currently 
deems immaterial, that may impact any investment in Certificates. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in “Structure 
Diagram and Cashflows”, “Form of the Certificates” and “Terms and Conditions of the Certificates” shall 
have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE TRUSTEE’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Trustee will not engage in any business activity other than the issuance of Certificates under the 
Programme, the acquisition of the Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee and other 
activities incidental or related to the foregoing as required under the Transaction Documents. 
The Trustee’s only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets 
relating to each Series of Certificates, including its right to receive payments under the relevant Transaction 
Documents. The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Certificates of each Series will primarily 
be dependent upon receipt by the Trustee of all amounts due from DIB under the relevant Transaction 
Documents. Therefore the Trustee is subject to all the risks to which DIB is subject to the extent that such 
risks could limit DIB’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis their respective obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which they are a party. See “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect DIB’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party” below for a further 
description of these risks. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT DIB’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE 
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP  
The Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are and will continue to 
be affected by economic conditions 
DIB, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macro-economic 
environment and the performance of financial markets generally. In 2020 and to a lesser extent in 2021, the 
macro-economic environment (both globally and within the UAE) was materially adversely affected by the 
coronavirus disease 2019 (known as COVID-19) and the measures implemented around the world to try to 
contain it. The impact of COVID-19, coupled with a sustained fall in oil prices as demand fell in response to 
the COVID containment measures implemented, included significant volatility in financial markets and 
reduced global liquidity and investment, and resulted in significantly reduced economic growth in the GCC 
and globally in 2020.  
These factors particularly impacted the Group's assessment of its expected credit losses and resulted in 
impairment charges, net of AED 4,552 million in 2020 compared to AED 1,764 million in 2019. 
The UAE’s economy generally recovered in 2021 as COVID containment measures were progressively 
relaxed and oil prices improved towards the end of the year. Reflecting this, the Group’s impairment charges,

--- Page 20 ---
9 
 
 
net reduced to AED 2,448 million in 2021, although they still remained 38.8 per cent. above the level in 2019. 
In 2022, the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February and the international sanctions imposed in response to 
it resulted in a sharp increase in oil and gas prices, which also benefitted the banking sector in the UAE.   
Notwithstanding recent economic improvements, the Group remains exposed to a future economic downturn, 
whether caused by a resurgence of COVID-19 or other factors, which could negatively impact many of its 
customers and result in lower demand for its services as well as increased impairment charges, which would 
negatively affect its financial position and profitability.  
The Group is exposed to credit risk 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of financing, investment securities 
and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses, principally in its 
lending and investment activities. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk that borrowers may not repay 
their financing according to their contractual terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans 
may be insufficient. This risk is heightened in times of economic downturns, as was evidenced by the increase 
in the Group’s impairment charges, net in 2020. The Group continuously reviews and analyses its loan 
portfolio and credit risks, and the Group's provision for credit losses is based on, among other things, its 
analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and Islamic financing asset management and the valuation 
of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal 
analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a 
volatile economic climate. 
Credit losses could also arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific borrowers, issuers and other 
counterparties of the Group, or from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from 
systemic risks within financial systems, any or all of which could affect the recoverability and value of the 
Group's assets and require an increase in the Group's provisions for the impairment of Islamic financing, 
investment securities and other credit exposures. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had provisions for impairment in relation to its Islamic financing and 
investing assets amounting to AED 8,926 million compared to provisions for impairment in relation to its 
Islamic financing and investing assets amounting to AED 8,401 million as at 31 December 2020 and AED 
6,081 million as at 31 December 2019. Any failure by the Group to maintain the quality of its assets through 
effective risk management policies could lead to higher Islamic financing loss provisioning and result in higher 
levels of defaults and write-offs. In addition, the Central Bank may, at any time, amend or supplement its 
guidelines and require additional provisions to be made in respect of the Group's Islamic financing and 
investing assets if it determines (acting in its role as the prudential regulator for the UAE banking sector) that 
it is appropriate to do so. If any additional provisions were required to be made, then depending on the exact 
quantum and timing, such provisions could have an adverse impact on the Group's financial performance. 
The Group's Islamic financing and investing activities and its investments in sukuk are geographically 
concentrated in the UAE 
Concentrations in the Group's financing, investing and deposit portfolios subject it to risks of default by its 
larger customers, to significant exposure to the UAE economy and to particular sectors of the UAE economy 
that may underperform and to withdrawal of large deposits. The Group's financing and investment portfolios 
show country, industry and customer concentrations. 
The Group's consolidated portfolio of Islamic financing and investing assets, net of impairment provisions, 
constituted 66.9 per cent. of its consolidated total assets, or AED 186,691 million, as at 31 December 2021. 
As at the same date, 93.7 per cent. of the Group's Islamic financing and investing assets, before impairment 
provisions, were concentrated in the UAE. In addition, as at the same date, the Group's investments in sukuk, 
net of impairment provisions, constituted a further 15.0 per cent. of its consolidated total assets, or AED 41,794 
million.  As at the same date, 46.4 per cent. of the Group's investments in sukuk (before provision for 
impairment) were also concentrated in the UAE.

--- Page 21 ---
10 
 
 
As a result, any deterioration in general economic conditions in the UAE or any failure by the Group to manage 
effectively its geographic risk concentration could lead to a deterioration in the credit quality of counterparties 
of the Group. See "- The Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are and 
will continue to be affected by economic conditions" above. 
A significant decrease in the quality of the Group's Islamic financing and investing assets could 
materially adversely affect its business 
The Group's IFRS stage 3 Islamic financing and investing assets (including purchased or originated credit 
impaired (POCI)), which together comprise its impaired financing and investing assets, were AED 13,784 
million as at 31 December 2021 compared to AED 12,061 million as at 31 December 2020 and AED 6,225 
million as at 31 December 2019. The Group's impaired ratio (defined as the ratio of its impaired financing and 
investing assets to the aggregate of gross Islamic financing and investing assets and investments in bilateral 
sukuk) amounted to 6.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 compared to 5.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 
and 3.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
The Group's IFRS stage 1, stage 2 and stage 3 (including POCI) expected credit loss amounted to AED 962 
million, AED 1,022 million and AED 6,943 million, respectively, as at 31 December 2021 compared to AED 
1,133 million, AED 937 million and AED 6,332 million, respectively, as at 31 December 2020 and AED 1,076 
million, AED 966 million and AED 4,039 million, respectively, as at 31 December 2019. The Group's stage 
2 expected credit loss as a percentage of its stage 2 gross exposure was 5.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 
5.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 8.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. The Group's stage 3 (including 
POCI) expected credit loss as a percentage of its stage 3 gross exposure was 50.4 per cent. as at 31 December 
2021, 52.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 64.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had deferred instalments of AED 9,123 million related to 248 corporate 
banking customers and AED 572 million related to 54,766 consumer banking customers.  The total exposure 
related to these approved deferrals was AED 27,798 million for corporate banking customers and AED 3,859 
million for consumer banking customers. These deferrals were partially funded by drawings of AED 5,890 
million under the Central Bank's targeted economic support scheme. As at 31 December 2021, the Zero-cost 
facility under the targeted economic support scheme expired and the Group settled the facility in full. 
Any significant deterioration in the Group's Islamic financing and investing assets in future periods could 
result in increased provisions for impairment and thus materially adversely affect its business. 
The Group is exposed to adverse changes in the real estate market in the UAE 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's gross maximum exposure to credit risk (before taking into account 
collateral or other credit enhancements held) to customers operating in the real estate sector was AED 59,457 
million, or 19.6 per cent. of its total gross maximum exposure to credit risk.  In addition, the Group's gross 
maximum exposure to credit risk to consumer home finance customers and customers operating in the 
contracting sector was AED 21,908 million and AED 12,527 million, respectively, equal to 7.2 per cent. and 
4.1 per cent., respectively, of its total gross maximum exposure to credit risk. The Group is exposed to the 
consumer home finance sector both directly and through its subsidiary, Tamweel P.S.C. (Tamweel), whose 
core business is the provision of Sharia-compliant home financing solutions within the UAE.  
The Group has a secondary exposure to the real estate market where its Islamic financing and investing assets 
which are not advanced to customers in the sectors described above are secured by real estate collateral.   
Any significant downturn in the UAE real estate market could weaken the credit quality of the Group's real 
estate and contracting clients resulting in increased provisions for impairment and would also be likely to 
reduce the value of the real estate collateral securing the Group's consumer home financing or any of its other 
Islamic financing and investing assets secured by real estate collateral, again potentially resulting in increased 
provisions for impairment and therefore reduced profitability.

--- Page 22 ---
11 
 
 
The Group has significant credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments that may lead to 
substantial potential losses 
As part of the Group's lending and trade-related activities, the Group provides guarantees and letters of credit, 
which are commitments to make payments on behalf of customers contingent upon the failure of the customer 
to satisfy its obligations supported by the commitment, and also makes irrevocable commitments to make 
financing available to customers. Although these commitments are contingent and therefore off-balance sheet, 
they nonetheless subject the Group to related credit risk. Credit-related commitments are subject to the same 
credit approval and compliance procedures as financing advanced to customers and commitments to extend 
financing are contingent on customers maintaining specific credit standards. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group had AED 27,306 million of credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding, being 
8.9 per cent. of its total assets plus credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments. Although the Group 
anticipates that only a portion of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be triggered, it may 
become obliged to make payments in respect of a greater portion of such commitments than originally 
anticipated, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group could be adversely affected by the weakness or the perceived weakness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or 
defaults 
Against the backdrop of constraints on liquidity and the high cost of funds in the interbank market, and given 
the high level of interdependence between financial institutions that became most evident following the 
bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008, the Group is subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial 
and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services 
industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and potentially defaults, by other 
institutions. As was experienced globally in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default by, one institution 
could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the 
commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result of their credit, 
trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or other 
institutions. This risk, often referred to as "systemic risk", may also adversely affect other financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the 
Group interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's ability to raise new funding and on its business and prospects. 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at significant cost 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due 
under normal and stressed circumstances. Liquidity risks could arise from the inability of the Group to 
anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources which could have adverse 
consequences on the Group's ability to meet its obligations when they fall due.  
The Group's customers' deposits, which are its principal source of funding, constituted 86.6 per cent. of its 
total liabilities, or AED 205,845 million, as at 31 December 2021, of which the majority were located in the 
UAE. As is the normal practice in the UAE banking industry, the Group accepts deposits from its customers 
which are mainly short-term and generally low cost in nature, to meet most of its funding needs. The 
availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Group’s control, including possible 
loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this could result in a significant outflow of deposits within 
a short period of time which may adversely impact the Group’s financial position and its ability to meet Central 
Bank regulations relating to liquidity. Any such loss of deposits could require the Group to seek additional 
sources of funding (whether in the form of deposits or wholesale funding), which may not be available to the 
Group on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Any failure to obtain replacement funding would be likely 
to negatively impact the Group's ability to maintain or grow its Islamic financing portfolio or otherwise 
increase its overall cost of funding, each of which could have a material adverse effect on its business.

--- Page 23 ---
12 
 
 
Accordingly, there is a risk, which is heightened in periods where liquidity is constrained, that, if a significant 
number of the Group's customers did not choose to roll over their deposits at any time, the Group could 
experience difficulties in repaying those deposits.  
An inability on the Group's part to access funds or to access the markets from which it raises funds may lead 
to the Group being unable to finance its operations adequately. A dislocated credit environment compounds 
the risk that the Group will not be able to access funds on favourable commercial terms (including profit 
payable thereon). These and other factors could also lead creditors to form a negative view of the Group's 
liquidity, which could result in less favourable credit ratings, higher borrowing costs and less accessible funds. 
In addition, there are timing differences between the cash payments the Group owes on its liabilities and the 
cash payments due to it on its financing advanced and investments made. The Group's ability to overcome 
these cash mismatches may be adversely affected if the fixed income markets were to experience significant 
liquidity problems. Also, under certain market conditions, the Group could be unable to sell additional 
products or be unable to sell its portfolio investments in sufficient amounts to raise the cash required to fulfil 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party when due. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain additional funding as and when required or at 
prices that will not affect the Group's ability to compete effectively and, if the Group is forced to sell assets to 
meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a result. In extreme cases, if the Group is unable 
to secure funding to meet its liquidity needs, through customers' deposits, interbank financing, capital markets 
or asset sales, this would have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and prospects and could, 
potentially, result in its insolvency. 
The Group is highly regulated and changes to applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or 
enforcement of such laws or regulations or the failure to comply with such laws or regulations could 
have an adverse impact on the Group's business 
The Group is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic, social and other objectives and limit their 
exposure to risk. Some of these controls are described further in "The United Arab Emirates Banking Sector 
and Regulation". These regulations include UAE federal laws and regulations (particularly those of the UAE 
federal government and the Central Bank), as well as the laws and regulations of the other countries in which 
the Group operates. In particular (but without limitation), the Group is subject to restrictions on credit limits 
in respect of real estate and construction financing, major shareholders and large exposures to a single 
customer or group of connected customers (based on the Group's customer deposits and/or capital and reserves 
as prescribed by the Central Bank). 
Such regulations may limit the Group's ability to increase its Islamic financing portfolio or raise capital or 
may increase its cost of doing business. For example, since 1 January 2019, DIB, as a domestic systemically 
important bank, has been required to maintain an additional 50 basis points of capital which is to be met in its 
entirety by Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 
Any future changes in laws or in Central Bank regulations or policy and/or the manner in which they are 
interpreted or enforced may affect the Group's reserves, revenues and performance and may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, including its ability to 
compete successfully in the geographies in which it operates. Furthermore, non-compliance with regulatory 
guidelines could expose the Group to potential liabilities and fines. Although the Group works closely with 
its regulators and continually monitors its compliance with Central Bank regulations and policy, future 
changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies cannot be predicted and are beyond its control. 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by market risks, 
including volatility in profit rates, prices of securities and foreign exchange rates 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations could be affected by market risks that are outside its 
control, including, without limitation, volatility in profit rates, prices of securities and foreign exchange rates. 
Fluctuations in profit rates could adversely affect the Group's financial condition and results of operations in

--- Page 24 ---
13 
 
 
many ways. In particular, an increase in profit rates generally may decrease the value of the Group's fixed-
income Islamic financing and investing assets and its investments in sukuk and may raise the Group's funding 
costs. As a result, the Group may experience a reduction in its net income. For an illustration of the possible 
scale of this risk, see note 47.4.2 to each of the Audited Financial Statements which contain sensitivity analyses 
in relation to changes in profit rates. Profit rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, 
including the policies of central banks, such as the Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, political factors 
and domestic and international economic conditions. 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations may also be affected by changes in the market value 
of its equity investment securities. The Group earns dividend income on these securities, realises gains and 
losses on the sale of securities and records unrealised gains and losses resulting from the fair valuation of these 
securities at each balance sheet date in its statement of comprehensive income. The level of the Group's income 
from its equity investment securities depends on numerous factors beyond the Group's control, such as overall 
market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general market 
volatility.  
Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenue and financial condition 
of the Group's depositors and borrowers, including those who are financed in, or make deposits in, foreign 
currencies or whose businesses have foreign currency exposures, which, in turn, may impact the Group's 
deposit base and the quality of its exposures to certain borrowers. For an illustration of the possible scale of 
this risk, see note 47.4.3 to each of the Audited Financial Statements which includes tables summarising the 
Group's exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
In general, the Group aims to advance foreign currency financing on terms that are generally similar to its 
foreign currency funding, thereby naturally hedging its exposure. Where this is not possible, it generally relies 
on derivative instruments to match the currencies of its assets and liabilities. Any open currency position is 
maintained within the limits set by the Central Bank. However, where the Group is not hedged, it is exposed 
to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any hedging strategy that it uses may not always be effective. 
Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates also may impact the creditworthiness of its depositors and 
finance counterparties negatively, which in turn may impact on its deposit base and the quality of its exposures 
to certain finance counterparties.  
The Group depends on complex information technology systems, the failure, ineffectiveness or 
disruption of which could have a material adverse effect on it 
The Group is dependent on sophisticated information technology (IT) systems, the failure, ineffectiveness or 
disruption of which could materially adversely affect its businesses.  
The proper functioning of the Group's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, 
accounting, customer service and other information technology systems, as well as the communication 
networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are critical to its business and ability to 
compete effectively. The Group's business activities would be materially disrupted if there is a partial or 
complete failure of any of these information technology systems or communications networks. Such failures 
can be caused by a variety of factors, many of which are wholly or partially outside the Group's control 
including natural disasters, extended power outages and computer viruses or other malicious intrusions, see 
"— The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack" below. 
The proper functioning of the Group's IT systems also depends on accurate and reliable data and other system 
input, which are subject to human errors. Any failure or delay in recording or processing the Group's 
transaction data could subject it to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties.  
The Group relies on third party service providers for certain aspects of its business operations. Any interruption 
or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and 
technology could impair the quality of the Group's operations and could impact its reputation. 
The Group has implemented and tested business continuity plans and processes as well as disaster recovery 
procedures, but there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be fully effective and any failure may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and reputation.

--- Page 25 ---
14 
 
 
The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack 
DIB recognises the importance of technology in building the Group's business capabilities with the ambition 
of accomplishing its objectives of growth, expansion and competitive market positioning. Technology is at 
the core of the Group's strategy and for that reason a digital technology roadmap is embedded within its 
business plans. 
However, in common with other financial institutions globally, the threat to the security of the Group's 
information and customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to 
its business. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring 
and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-
attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security.  
A failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current 
processes in response to new threats could have a number of material adverse effects on the Group, including 
disruption to its business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or 
legal exposure and damage to its reputation. 
The Group's ability to manage operational risks is dependent upon its internal compliance systems, 
which might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
Operational risks and losses can result from fraud, error by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements or conduct 
of business rules, failure of internal systems, equipment and external systems (including those of the Group's 
counterparties or vendors) and the occurrence of natural disasters. The Group has a detailed operational risk 
framework which defines the roles and responsibilities of individuals and units across different Group 
functions that are involved in performing various operational risk management tasks. The operational risk 
management framework is also aimed at ensuring that operational risks within those areas are properly 
identified, monitored, managed and reported.  
The Group's ability to manage operational risk, including its ability to comply with all applicable regulations, 
is largely dependent on its maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its 
ability to attract and retain personnel qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although 
the Group is subject to external audit and oversight by regulatory authorities, including regular examination 
activity, performs regular internal audits to monitor and test its compliance systems, the Group cannot be 
certain that these systems and procedures will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case 
of deliberate employee misconduct or other frauds perpetrated against the Group. In the case of actual or 
alleged non-compliance with applicable regulations, the Group could be subject to investigations and judicial 
or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages. Any of 
these could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. 
The Group's risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks  
The Group's risk management strategies and internal controls may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave the Group exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. There can be no assurance that the Group's 
risk management and internal control policies and procedures will adequately control, or protect the Group 
against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In addition, certain risks may not be accurately 
quantified by the Group's risk management systems. Some of the Group's methods of managing risk are based 
upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced by events caused by the global financial crisis, may 
not always accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical 
measures indicate. In addition, certain risks could be greater than the Group's empirical data would otherwise 
indicate.  
Other risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which the 
Group operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible to

--- Page 26 ---
15 
 
 
the Group. This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Any 
material deficiency in the Group's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose 
it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business.  
The Group's business may be influenced by DIB's principal beneficial shareholder 
DIB's principal shareholder is the Government of Dubai, which directly and indirectly held 27.97 per cent. of 
DIB's share capital as at 30 September 2022. By virtue of this shareholding, the Government of Dubai has the 
ability to appoint the chairman of DIB's Board of Directors (the Board) and influence the Group's business 
through its influence on the Board and its ability to negatively control certain actions that require 75 per cent. 
shareholder approval. If circumstances were to arise where the interests of the Government of Dubai or any 
future major shareholder conflicts with the interests of the Certificateholders, Certificateholders could be 
disadvantaged by any such conflict. 
A negative change in DIB's credit ratings could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase its 
borrowing costs 
DIB is currently rated A by Fitch with a "stable" outlook and A3 by Moody's with a "stable" outlook. These 
ratings, which are intended to measure DIB's ability to meet its debt obligations as they mature, are an 
important factor in determining DIB's cost of wholesale funding.  
A downgrade of any of DIB's credit ratings, or a negative change in outlook, may limit the Group's ability to 
raise wholesale funding and increase its cost of wholesale funding, which could adversely affect its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. A downgrade of any of DIB's credit ratings (or 
announcement of a negative change in ratings outlook) may also limit the Group's ability to raise capital. 
Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in DIB's credit rating could adversely affect the price at which the 
Certificates are traded in the secondary market. 
The Group may become subject to increasingly intense competition 
The Group faces competition in all of its business areas from locally incorporated and foreign banks operating 
in the UAE. The Group also faces competition from both Islamic banks and conventional banks. According 
to the Central Bank's data, there were, as at 31 December 2021, 59 different banks (comprising 22 locally 
incorporated banks and 37 foreign banks (including 10 wholesale banks)) licensed to operate inside the UAE 
(excluding the DIFC). There are also an increasing number of institutions offering Islamic financial products 
and services within the UAE. As at 31 December 2021, there were 8 Islamic banks, in addition to a number 
of other financial institutions, offering Islamic products and solutions. Other financial institutions may also 
consider offering Shari'a-compliant products in the future. 
The financial institutions market in the UAE has generally been a relatively protected market with high 
regulatory and other barriers to entry for foreign financial institutions. However, should some of these barriers 
be removed or eased in the future, either voluntarily or as a result of the UAE's obligations to the World Trade 
Organisation, the GCC or any other similar entities, this would likely lead to a more competitive environment 
for the Group and other domestic financial institutions and could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Any alteration to, or abolition of, the foreign exchange "peg" of the dirham at a fixed exchange rate to 
the U.S. dollar will expose the Group to U.S. dollar foreign exchange movements against the dirham 
The Group maintains its accounts, and reports its results, in dirham. The dirham has been 'pegged' at a fixed 
exchange rate to the U.S. dollar since 22 November 1980. However, there can be no assurance that the dirham 
will not be de-pegged in the future or that the existing peg will not be adjusted in a manner that adversely 
affects the Group's results of operations and financial condition. Any such de-pegging or adjustment, 
particularly if the dirham weakens against the U.S. dollar, could have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  For example, the 2021 Financial Statements, 
in note 47.4.3, contain a sensitivity analysis that shows that a 2 per cent. change in the exchange rate of the

--- Page 27 ---
16 
 
 
U.S. dollar against the dirham (with all other variables held constant) in 2021 would have impacted the Group's 
statement of profit or loss (due to the changes in the fair values of currency sensitive non-trading monetary 
assets and liabilities) by AED 487 million. 
The Group is party to litigation related to the terrorist attacks on New York City on 11 September 2001 
In 2002, DIB was named as a defendant in eight civil lawsuits filed in various federal district courts in the 
United States that relate to the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001. The plaintiffs in these lawsuits include 
victims of the terrorist attacks, the families or estates of deceased victims, the leaseholders of the World Trade 
Center properties, and certain insurance companies that suffered losses as a result of the attacks. In total, the 
lawsuits named hundreds of defendants. The defendants included, among other entities and organisations, 
Islamic charities, other major financial institutions in the Middle East and individuals. The complaints filed in 
these lawsuits made allegations against DIB, including that DIB provided material support and assistance to 
Al Qaeda and that it knew or should have known it was aiding and abetting, and enabling the terrorists that 
perpetrated the attacks. The plaintiffs have not enumerated all of their alleged damages that they are seeking 
to recover in these cases. 
In December 2003, the United States Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation consolidated the actions 
against DIB and the other defendants in the Federal District Court in the Southern District of New York (the 
New York Federal Court). In May 2005, DIB filed a motion to dismiss all eight actions with the New York 
Federal Court. In June 2010, the New York Federal Court denied DIB's motion to dismiss due to the allegations 
by the plaintiffs that DIB intentionally and knowingly provided support to Al Qaeda. 
Subsequently, plaintiffs in two of the civil lawsuits against DIB dismissed their claims against DIB (one in 
August 2010 and the other in March 2011). Accordingly, six civil lawsuits against DIB remain pending as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. DIB is currently in the discovery phase of this litigation. During the first part 
of the discovery phase, the document discovery phase, the parties exchanged relevant documents (this was 
completed by DIB in late 2012, but was subsequently extended a number of times as the plaintiffs then asked 
for further documentation). The document discovery phase has now concluded for DIB. The parties have also 
completed the next step in the discovery phase, the fact witness deposition phase, where the parties identify 
and take testimony of relevant witnesses in depositions under oath. The parties are now in the final discovery 
phase of expert discovery, where the parties identify and exchange reports from relevant expert witnesses.  
Parties will then have an opportunity to take the testimony of the expert witnesses in depositions under oath. 
Once discovery is completed, DIB can seek its dismissal from all of the civil lawsuits by moving for summary 
judgment. 
DIB believes that it has meritorious defences to the remaining pending claims, has defended itself and intends 
to continue to defend itself vigorously. No provision has been made in respect of any outstanding 9/11 legal 
proceedings against DIB as professional advice indicates that it is unlikely that any significant or material 
costs or loss, other than legal costs in connection with the defence, are expected to be incurred, although U.S. 
litigation is by its nature uncertain and it is therefore not always possible to accurately predict any outcome in 
terms of withdrawals, dismissal or ultimate liability. 
Adverse publicity in relation to the 9/11 claims could affect DIB's reputation, particularly outside the UAE. 
In addition, if such claims, either in aggregate or individually, were to be successful, and substantial damages 
and/or penalties were to be assessed against DIB, these could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Group conducts the majority of its business in a region which is subject to political, economic and 
related considerations 
As at 31 December 2021, 86 per cent. of the Group's assets were located in the UAE. Given that the Group 
has the majority of its operations in the UAE, its operations have previously been and may continue to be 
affected by economic and political developments impacting the UAE, in particular, the level of economic 
activity in the UAE.

--- Page 28 ---
17 
 
 
DIB's business is, and will continue to be, affected by economic and political developments in or affecting the 
UAE and the MENA region and investors' reactions to developments in one country may affect securities of 
issuers in other markets, including the UAE. Following the significant fall in global crude oil prices in the 
middle of 2014, the UAE and other major oil and gas producing countries in the region experienced slower 
economic growth, increased budget deficits and lower public spending. Similar effects were experienced in 
2020 following the sustained decline in oil prices for much of that year. 
Although Dubai and the UAE enjoy domestic political stability and generally healthy international relations, 
as they are located in the MENA region, there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact them. 
In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries in the MENA region, 
including Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey and Yemen. 
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict (including the 
multinational conflict with Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and has given rise to increased 
political uncertainty across the region. In addition, DIB's wholly-owned subsidiary, DIB Pakistan Ltd., and its 
associate, the Bank of Khartoum, are, in common with all other industries in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan 
and Sudan, respectively, affected by ongoing political uncertainty. There have been numerous terrorist attacks 
in the region, particularly affecting Saudi Arabia which has experienced oil tanker sabotage and drone strikes 
on a crude oil pipeline in May 2019, apparent drone attacks on the Abqaiq processing facility and the Khurais 
oil field in September 2019, an explosion caused by a projectile which resulted in a fire in a fuel tank at a 
Saudi Aramco petroleum products distribution terminal in Jeddah in November 2020, a drone attack on a 
Saudi Aramco refinery in Riyadh in March 2021 and attacks on Saudi Aramco refineries in Riyadh and Yasref 
and petroleum products distribution terminals in the Jeddah and Jizan regions in March 2022. From 2019, 
tensions in the Gulf region have increased following the seizure by Iran of a British tanker in July 2019 and, 
more broadly, due to several incidents with oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz. Further, in January 2020 the 
United States carried out a military strike which killed a senior Iranian military commander, leading to 
retaliatory Iranian strikes at a U.S. base in Iraq. 
Whilst DIB's business has not been directly impacted by any political unrest to date, it is not possible to predict 
the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war or hostilities, or the impact of such occurrences, and no 
assurance can be given that DIB would be able to sustain its current profit levels if adverse political events or 
circumstances were to occur in the UAE or any other country in which it had material operations at the time. 
Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected by 
political, economic or related developments both within and outside the MENA region because of 
interrelationships within the global financial markets. 
The economic and/or political factors which could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects include: 
 
regional political instability, including government or military regime change, riots or other forms of 
civil disturbance or violence, including through acts of terrorism; 
 
military strikes or the outbreak of war or other hostilities involving nations in the region; 
 
a material curtailment of the industrial and economic infrastructure development that is currently 
underway across the MENA region; 
 
a material increase in costs of funds in the UAE resulting from a material reduction in liquidity in the 
UAE financial markets; 
 
government intervention, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets or increased levels of 
protectionism; 
 
an increase in inflation and the cost of living; 
 
cancellation of contractual rights, expropriation of assets and/or inability to repatriate profits and/or 
dividends;

--- Page 29 ---
18 
 
 
 
increased government regulations, or adverse governmental activities, with respect to price, import 
and export controls, the environment, customs and immigration, capital transfers, foreign exchange 
and currency controls, labour policies and land and water use and foreign ownership; 
 
arbitrary, inconsistent or unlawful government action; 
 
changing tax regimes, including the imposition of taxes in tax favourable jurisdictions such as the 
UAE; 
 
difficulties and delays in obtaining governmental and other approvals for operations or renewing 
existing ones; and 
 
inability to repatriate profits or dividends. 
There can be no assurance that either the economic performance of, or political stability in, the countries in 
which the Group currently operates, or may in the future operate, can or will be sustained. To the extent that 
economic growth or performance in these countries or the MENA region as a whole slows or begins to decline, 
or political conditions deteriorate materially in any of those countries, the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH CERTIFICATES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Assets 
Ownership of the Assets 
In order to comply with the requirements of Sharia, an ownership interest in the Assets comprised within the 
relevant Portfolio will pass to the Trustee under the relevant Purchase Agreement. The Trustee will declare a 
trust in respect of such Portfolio and the other Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders of the relevant 
Series pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed. Accordingly, Certificateholders will, through the ownership 
interest of the Trustee, have an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Portfolio unless the transfer of the 
Portfolio is prohibited by, or ineffective under, any applicable law (see “- Transfer, possession, custody or 
control of the Assets” below). 
No investigation or enquiry will be made and no due diligence will be conducted in respect of any Assets 
comprised within any Portfolio. Such Assets will be selected by DIB and the Certificateholders, the Trustee 
and the Delegate will have no ability to influence such selection. Only limited representations will be obtained 
from DIB in respect of the Assets of any Series. In particular, the precise terms of the Assets will not be known 
(including whether there are any restrictions on transfer or any further obligations required to be performed 
by DIB to give effect to the transfer of the Assets). No steps will be taken to perfect the transfer of the 
ownership interest (including registration) in the Assets with any relevant regulatory authority in the UAE or 
otherwise give notice to any lessee or obligor in respect thereof. 
In addition, if and to the extent that a third party is able to establish a direct claim against the Trustee, the 
Delegate or any Certificateholders on the basis of any ownership interest in the Assets of any Series, DIB has 
agreed in the Master Trust Deed to indemnify the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against any 
such liabilities. In the event that DIB is unable to meet any such claims then the Certificateholders may suffer 
losses in excess of the original face amount invested. 
Transfer, possession, custody or control of the Assets 
No investigation has been or will be made by (i) the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Delegate 
as to whether any interest in any Assets may be transferred as a matter of the law governing the contracts (if 
any) underlying such Assets, the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are located or any other relevant 
law; or (ii) the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Delegate as to whether DIB has or will continue to 
have actual or constructive possession, custody or control of any Assets. In addition, no investigation will be 
made by the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Delegate to determine if any Supplemental 
Purchase Contract will have the effect of transferring an interest in the relevant Assets.

--- Page 30 ---
19 
 
 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions under the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust 
Deed 
DIB has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Portfolio Exercise Price is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, whether as a result of a dispute or challenge in relation to the rights, title, interest, 
benefits and entitlements of the Trustee in, to and under the Portfolio or any of the Assets comprising 
the Portfolio or for any other reason, and thereby resulting in DIB’s failure to comply with its 
obligations under the Purchase Undertaking,  
DIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for 
the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under 
any such indemnity claim will equal the Portfolio Exercise Price. 
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in (a) and (b) as described above, if DIB fails to pay the Portfolio 
Exercise Price in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) 
may, subject to the matters set out in Condition 14 and the terms of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce, 
inter alia, the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed against DIB by commencing 
arbitral or legal proceedings. See “– Risk factors relating to enforcement”. 
However, investors should note that, in the event that Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC does not remain in actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio at the time 
of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, the condition 
in (a) as described above will not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by DIB under the 
separate indemnity provisions.  
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish that 
there has been a breach of contract by DIB in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract may be due 
to (i) a breach by DIB of the requirement to purchase the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under the Portfolio on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date 
pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (ii) a breach by DIB (acting in its capacity as 
Service Agent pursuant to the provisions of the Service Agency Agreement) of its undertaking to maintain 
actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Assets comprising the Portfolio, provided 
that (i) it is legally possible for the Service Agent to so maintain; and (ii) such maintenance shall not result in 
a breach of the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts.  
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face 
significant challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the Portfolio Exercise Price, and in turn, the amount 
payable to the Certificateholders upon redemption.  
Risks Relating to the Certificates 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme are not debt obligations of the Trustee. Instead, the Certificates 
represent an undivided ownership interest solely in the relevant Trust Assets. Recourse to the Trustee in respect 
of each Series is limited to the Trust Assets of that Series and proceeds of such Trust Assets are the sole source 
of payments on the relevant Certificates. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the sole rights of each 
of the Delegate and, through the Delegate, the Certificateholders of the relevant Series will be against DIB to 
perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Certificateholders will have 
no recourse to any assets of the Trustee or DIB in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due under 
the relevant Trust Assets. DIB is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents to which

--- Page 31 ---
20 
 
 
it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Delegate will have direct recourse against DIB to recover such 
payments due to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. In the absence of 
default by the Delegate, investors have no direct recourse to DIB and there is no assurance that the net proceeds 
of the realisation of any enforcement action with respect to the Trust Assets (which, as described above, will 
be by way of enforcing DIB’s and the Trustee’s respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which they are a party) will be sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the relevant Certificates. After 
enforcing or realising the rights in respect of the Trust Assets of a Series (in the manner described above) and 
distributing the net proceeds of such Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 4.2, the obligations of the 
Trustee in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series shall be satisfied and neither the Delegate nor any 
Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of such 
Certificates and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. Furthermore, under no 
circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other 
disposition of any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction Documents (which includes the 
Purchase Undertaking). The sole right of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Certificateholders against DIB shall 
be to enforce the obligation of DIB to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party. 
Absence of secondary market/limited liquidity 
There is no assurance that a secondary market for the Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will provide the Certificateholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the 
life of those Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Certificates 
readily or at prices that will enable the Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. The market value of 
Certificates may fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, in particular, can have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of the Certificates. Accordingly, the purchase of Certificates is suitable only for investors who can bear 
the risks associated with a lack of liquidity in the relevant Certificates and the financial and other risks 
associated with an investment in the relevant Certificates. An investor in Certificates must be prepared to hold 
the relevant Certificates for an indefinite period of time or until their maturity. Application has been made for 
the listing of certain Series to be issued under the Programme on Euronext Dublin and/or Nasdaq Dubai, as 
the case may be, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur or will enhance the liquidity of 
the Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The Certificates may be subject to early redemption 
In the event that the amount payable on the Certificates of any Series is required to be increased to include 
additional amounts in certain circumstances and/or DIB is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to 
certain Transaction Documents, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in the Cayman 
Islands (in the case of the Trustee) or the UAE (in the case of DIB), or in each case any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Trustee may redeem all but not some only of the 
Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Certificates. 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a Tranche may be redeemed early at the option of the Trustee. 
Any such early redemption feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. During any period 
when the Trustee may elect to redeem Certificates, the market value of those Certificates generally will not 
rise substantially above the dissolution amount payable. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Trustee may be expected to redeem Certificates when DIB’s cost of borrowing is lower than the profit 
rate on the Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective profit rate as high as the profit rate on the Certificates being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider re-investment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Certificates linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates (including profit rates) and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.

--- Page 32 ---
21 
 
 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Certificates referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) amongst other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom (UK). Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial 
Conduct Authority or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Certificates linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. In May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Certificates linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, 
including, if an original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an original Reference Rate may be 
published, (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event, otherwise occurs. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) could 
be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, with or without the application of 
an Adjustment Spread, and may include amendments to the Conditions, the Master Trust Deed and/or any 
other Transaction Document to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by an Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and following consultation with the Trustee and 
DIB, or DIB (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as applicable, and without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of Certificateholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, is a spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for calculating a spread which (a) in the 
case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), or (b) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) 
the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines is customarily applied

--- Page 33 ---
22 
 
 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate, 
or (c) (if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines that no such 
spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with 
the Trustee and DIB) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be, or (d) (if the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines that there is no such industry standard) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) or DIB (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in their sole discretion to be appropriate. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Certificates performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate) than they would do if the original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate (or the relevant component part 
thereof). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with or without the application 
of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in any Certificates linked to or referencing an original Reference 
Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate) than they would if the original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for the relevant immediately following Return Accumulation Period may result in the use of a 
Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) equal to the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return 
Accumulation Period. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Certificates in making any investment decision with respect to any Certificates referencing a 
benchmark. 
Risks relating to Certificates denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Certificates denominated in Renminbi 
(Renminbi Certificates) are set out below.  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Certificates 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC Government) 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar 
despite significant reduction in control by it in recent years over trade transactions involving import and export 
of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are 
known as current account items.  Currently, participating banks in Hong Kong and a number of other 
jurisdictions (the Applicable Jurisdictions) have been permitted to engage in the settlement of current 
account trade transactions in Renminbi. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and 
outside of the PRC for purposes such as capital contributions, known as capital account items, is generally 
only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the 
relevant authorities or the relevant banks on a case-by-case basis and subject to a strict monitoring system. 
Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items 
are developing gradually.

--- Page 34 ---
23 
 
 
Although, starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) in 
2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will liberalise its control over cross-border remittance 
of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside of the PRC. In the event that 
funds cannot be repatriated outside of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Trustee to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Certificates denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Certificates and the Trustee’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi 
Certificates 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Currently, licensed banks in Singapore and Hong Kong may offer limited Renminbi denominated banking 
services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents and specified business customers. While PBOC has 
established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanics for participating banks in the Applicable Jurisdictions 
through settlement agreements (the Settlement Agreements) on the clearing of Renminbi business with 
financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each a RMB Clearing Bank) and these RMB 
Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions, the current 
size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of 
squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant RMB Clearing 
Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the 
PRC to square such open positions. 
Although, the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is subject to many 
constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC 
regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to 
have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Certificates. To the extent the Trustee is required to 
source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Certificates, there is no assurance that the 
Trustee will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in 
certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable to the Renminbi Certificates, the Trustee can 
make payments in U.S. dollars. 
Investment in the Renminbi Certificates is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other 
factors. The Trustee will make all payments of profit and dissolution amounts with respect to the Renminbi 
Certificates in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may 
vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of the investment made by a holder of the 
Renminbi Certificates in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, 
RMB Non-transferability or RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), the Trustee is unable, or it is 
impractical for it, to pay profit or any dissolution amount in Renminbi, the Conditions allow the Trustee to

--- Page 35 ---
24 
 
 
make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided in more detail in the 
Conditions.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace.  If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, 
the value of a Certificateholder’s investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Certificates may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Certificates  
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong.  
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Certificates will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Certificates are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or any alternative 
clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so long as the 
Renminbi Certificates are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong 
in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than described in the Conditions, the Trustee cannot 
be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC).  
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Certificates 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Certificates, investors should consult their individual tax 
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax 
consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Certificateholder’s 
investment in the Renminbi Certificates may be materially and adversely affected if the Certificateholder is 
required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those 
Renminbi Certificates. 
Risk factors relating to enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in Dubai 
The payments under the Certificates are dependent upon DIB making payments to the Trustee in the manner 
contemplated under the Transaction Documents. If DIB fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action 
against DIB to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly and time 
consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne 
in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement of 
remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
The parties to the Transaction Documents have agreed to refer any unresolved dispute in relation to the 
Transaction Documents to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International 
Arbitration (the LCIA) (the Rules) with an arbitral tribunal with its seat in London. In addition, subject to the 
exercise of an option to litigate given to certain parties, the courts of England or the DIFC Courts, at the option 
of the Delegate, are stated to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes in respect of the Transaction 
Documents (other than the Master Purchase Agreement and the Sale Undertaking). Notwithstanding that an 
arbitral award may be obtained from an arbitral tribunal in London or that a judgment may be obtained in an 
English court, there is no assurance that DIB has, or would at the relevant time have, assets in the United 
Kingdom against which such arbitral award or judgment could be enforced, and it is therefore likely that 
proceedings would need to be commenced for the enforcement of any such award or judgment in Dubai (where 
the substantial majority of DIB’s assets are located). 
The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the New 
York Convention) entered into force in the UAE on 19 November 2006. In the absence of any other 
multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, any arbitration award rendered in London should therefore

--- Page 36 ---
25 
 
 
be enforceable in Dubai in accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York 
Convention, the UAE has an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party 
opposing enforcement can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse 
enforcement, or the Dubai courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by 
arbitration or enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE.  
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted and 
applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration award in 
accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention). 
This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the independent 
existence of different Emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems, and whose rulings may 
have no more than persuasive force cross border. Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being 
enforced in the UAE under the New York Convention, there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign 
arbitral awards have been refused. Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 (the Resolution) also governs 
the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards in the UAE. The Resolution confirms that arbitral awards issued in 
a foreign state may be enforced in the UAE and that the conditions for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards 
set out in the New York Convention shall not be prejudiced by the Resolution. However, there is no established 
track record as to how the overlapping provisions of the New York Convention and the Resolution will be 
interpreted and applied by the UAE courts in practice. There is also a risk that, notwithstanding the New York 
Convention, the Resolution or the terms of any other applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention, the UAE courts may in practice consider and apply the grounds for enforcement of domestic UAE 
arbitral awards set out in Federal Law No. 6 of 2018 (the UAE Arbitration Law) to the enforcement of any 
non-UAE arbitral award. The UAE Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is unclear how 
they will be applied by the UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award 
will be refused enforcement by the UAE courts. 
Under current UAE federal law, the courts in the UAE are unlikely to enforce an English court judgment 
without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the parties’ choice of English law as the 
governing law of the relevant Transaction Documents or the Certificates. In the UAE, foreign law is required 
to be established as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law by a court in the UAE may not 
accord with the interpretation of an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of 
foreign law if they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction 
agreement and the foreign law which has been chosen. They will not however, honour any provision of foreign 
law which is contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable 
in, the UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Dubai have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, court decisions in Dubai are generally not recorded. These factors create greater judicial 
uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
In the case of any dispute under the Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Documents, which at the option 
of the Delegate has been referred to the DIFC Courts under Article 7 of Law No. 16 of 2011 (as defined 
below), any final and unappealable judgment, order or award made by the DIFC Courts in favour of the 
Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) must, upon application by the Delegate to the Dubai Court of 
Execution, be enforced against DIB by the Dubai Court of Execution without that court being able to 
reconsider the merits of the case provided that the conditions specified in Article 7(2) of Law No. 16 of 2011 
are satisfied and the procedure for enforcement described in Article 7(3) of Law No.16 of 2011 is adhered to. 
Dubai Law No. 16 of 2011 on Amending Some Provisions of Law No. 12 of 2004 Concerning the DIFC 
Courts (Law No. 16 of 2011) came into force in the Emirate of Dubai on 31 October 2011 and extended the 
jurisdiction of the DIFC Courts to include all civil and commercial disputes where the parties to the relevant 
dispute have expressly agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the DIFC Courts, even where such parties are 
unconnected to the Dubai International Financial Centre (the DIFC). None of the Trustee, DIB or the Delegate 
are connected to the DIFC. 
Prospective investors should note however that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Law No. 16 of 2011 
remains relatively untested and there is therefore no certainty as to how the DIFC Courts intend to exercise

--- Page 37 ---
26 
 
 
their jurisdiction under this law should any party dispute the right of the DIFC Courts to hear a particular 
dispute where any party is unconnected to the DIFC, nor is there any certainty that the Dubai Court of 
Execution will enforce the judgment of the DIFC Courts without reconsidering the merits of the case.  
Compliance with UAE bankruptcy law may affect DIB’s ability to perform its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
In the event of DIB’s insolvency, UAE bankruptcy law may adversely affect DIB’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, in turn, affect the Trustee’s ability to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Certificates. There is little precedent to predict how claims by or on 
behalf of the Certificateholders and/or the Delegate would be resolved, and therefore there can be no assurance 
that Certificateholders will receive payment of their claims in full or at all in these circumstances. 
A court may not grant an order for specific performance 
In the event that DIB fails to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
the potential remedies available to the Trustee and the Delegate include (i) obtaining an order for specific 
performance of DIB’s obligations, or (ii) a claim for damages. 
There is no assurance that a court will provide an order for specific performance, as this is generally a matter 
for the discretion of the relevant court. The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach 
will depend upon a number of possible factors, including an obligation on the Trustee and the Delegate to 
mitigate any loss arising as a result of such breach. No assurance is provided on the level of damages which a 
court may award in the event of a failure by DIB to perform its obligations set out in the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. 
Change of law 
The structure of each issue of Certificates under the Programme is based on English law, the laws of Dubai 
and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE and administrative practices in effect as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to, or 
interpretation of, English, Dubai or UAE law or administrative practices in such jurisdiction after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely affect 
the ability of the Trustee to make payments under the Certificates or of DIB, to comply with its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Additional risk factors 
DIB’s waiver of immunity may not be effective under UAE law 
DIB has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party however, there can be no assurance as to whether such waivers of immunity from execution or 
attachment or other legal process by it under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are valid and 
binding under the laws of Dubai and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
The Certificates of each Series will be represented on issue by a Global Certificate that will be deposited with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in 
each Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive Certificates in definitive form. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
ownership interests in Global Certificates. While the Certificates of any Series are represented by a Global 
Certificate, investors will be able to trade their ownership interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants. 
While the Certificates of any Series are represented by a Global Certificate, the Trustee will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Certificates by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A 
holder of an ownership interest in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the relevant Certificates. The Trustee has no

--- Page 38 ---
27 
 
 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, ownership interests in 
any Global Certificate. 
Holders of ownership interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Certificates. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
No assurance can be given as to Sharia rules 
The Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB and the Sharia Committee of Dar al Sharia Islamic Finance 
Consultancy LLC and the Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee have each 
confirmed that the transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) is, in 
their view, in compliance with the principles of Sharia, as applicable to, and interpreted by, them. However, 
there can be no assurance that the Transaction Documents or any issue and trading of any Certificates will be 
deemed to be Sharia compliant by any other Sharia board or Sharia scholars. None of the Trustee, DIB, Dar 
Al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC, the Delegate, the Arranger or the Dealers makes any 
representation as to the Sharia compliance of any Series and/or any trading thereof and potential investors are 
reminded that, as with any Sharia views, differences in opinion are possible and different Sharia standards 
may be applied by different Sharia boards. Prospective investors should obtain their own independent Sharia 
advice as to whether the Transaction Documents and the issue and trading of any Certificates will meet their 
individual standards of compliance and should also make their own determination as to the future tradability 
of any Certificates on any secondary market. Questions as to the Sharia permissibility of the Transaction 
Documents or the issue and the trading of any Certificates may limit the liquidity and adversely affect the 
market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents would, if in dispute, either be the subject of arbitration (or, in the case of 
the Purchase Undertaking, court proceedings) under English law or court proceedings under the laws of (i) 
Dubai and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE or (ii) England and Wales. In such 
circumstances, the arbitrator or, as the case may be, judge may apply the relevant law of the Transaction 
Document in determining the obligation of the parties. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Certificates. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
publication of an updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in

--- Page 39 ---
28 
 
 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Certificates and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Conditions) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that the Certificates may be traded in amounts in excess of such minimum Specified Denomination 
that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Certificateholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination would need to purchase an additional amount of Certificates such that it holds an amount equal 
to at least the minimum Specified Denomination to be able to trade such Certificates. Certificateholders should 
be aware that Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
If a Certificateholder holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time such Certificateholder may not receive a definitive 
Certificate in respect of such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a 
face amount of Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified Denomination in order to be 
eligible to receive a definitive Certificate. 
If definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The use of proceeds of the Certificates of any Series identified as Sustainable Certificates in the applicable 
Final Terms may not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor's investment 
criteria 
DIB intends to use an amount at least equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the Certificates of each Series 
identified as  Sustainable Certificates (Sustainable Certificates) in the applicable Final Terms (the equivalent 
amount) in achieving objectives set out in the DIB’s Sustainable Finance Framework. See “Use of Proceeds”. 
DIB will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that will be 
financed by the equivalent amount. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable Certificates is a factor in any 
potential investor’s decision to invest in Sustainable Certificates, that investor should carefully consider the 
disclosure in “Use of Proceeds” and consult with its legal or other advisers before making an investment in 
Sustainable Certificates. In particular, no assurance is given by the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Delegate, the Agents or any other person that the use of the equivalent amount for any Eligible Sustainable 
Projects (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply. In addition, the Sustainable Finance Framework is subject to change 
at any time without notice.  
Furthermore, notwithstanding DIB’s intention stated above, potential investors should be aware that DIB has 
no contractual obligation to use the equivalent amount as stated in, or to provide the reports described in, “Use 
of Proceeds”. Any failure by DIB to use the equivalent amount as stated or to provide the reports will not 
constitute a Dissolution Event under Condition 14 with respect to the Sustainable Certificates but may affect

--- Page 40 ---
29 
 
 
the value and/or the trading price of the Sustainable Certificates and/or have adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainable assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “sustainable” or an equivalently labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or such other 
equivalent label and no assurance can be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time 
or that any prevailing market consensus will not change significantly. 
The EU’s regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU 
Taxonomy), which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition for such topics in the 
European Union. However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as exactly when it 
will take effect, remains uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Trustee, DIB, 
the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person) to investors that: (a) any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled performance objectives; (b) any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects; or (c) the Sustainable Finance Framework will 
be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework or guidelines. 
No assurance or representation is given (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers or the Delegate) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by DIB) which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of the Sustainable Certificates and in particular with any of the businesses and projects funded 
with the equivalent amount to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus and none of the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Delegate or their respective 
directors, affiliates, advisers or agents makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Trustee, DIB, 
the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainable 
Certificates. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or 
the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in Sustainable Certificates. The providers of such opinions and certifications are not currently 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If Sustainable Certificates are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, 
the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds 
from any Sustainable Certificates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Trustee, DIB, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable 
Certificates or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of 
the Sustainable Certificates concerned. 
While it is DIB’s intention to apply the equivalent amount and obtain and publish the relevant reports and 
opinions in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance (whether 
by the Trustee, DIB, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person) that DIB will be 
able to do this. Nor can there be any assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within

--- Page 41 ---
30 
 
 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by DIB. 
Any such event as described in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph or failure by DIB to apply the 
equivalent amount for any Eligible Sustainable Projects or to obtain and publish any such reports and opinions, 
will not give rise to any claim in contract of a holder of Sustainable Certificates against the Trustee, DIB, any 
Dealer, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person. The withdrawal of any such report or opinion, or any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that DIB is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which that report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying, 
and/or any Sustainable Certificates no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainable Certificates 
concerned and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainable Certificates which, from time to time, are not allocated as 
funding for Eligible Sustainable Projects are intended by DIB to be invested according to its standard liquidity 
policy into cash or cash equivalents with detail recorded in the register of Sustainable Financing Instruments 
maintained by DIB. There can be no assurance that the Sustainable Certificates or any proceeds therefrom will 
not be used to absorb any and all losses of DIB, regardless of whether or not such losses stem from green, 
sustainable or other assets, in the same way as DIB’s other instruments not classified as Sustainable 
Certificates which may be called upon to cover all losses on the balance sheet. 
Consents to variation of Transaction Documents and other matters 
The Conditions of the Certificates contain provisions for calling meetings of Certificateholders to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or by way of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders including 
Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Certificateholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Delegate from time to time and at any time without 
any consent or sanction of the Certificateholders to make any modification to the Master Trust Deed if, in the 
opinion of the Delegate, such modification (a) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or (b) is made to 
correct a manifest error, or (c) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the relevant Certificateholders 
and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Master Trust Deed). Unless the Delegate 
otherwise agrees, any such modification shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified to the relevant 
Certificateholders and shall in any event be binding upon the relevant Certificateholders. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Trustee will make all payments on the Certificates. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. The Trustee does not 
have any control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political 
events and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected 
in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Certificates, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Certificates and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market 
value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency

--- Page 42 ---
31 
 
 
at the time of any payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount on a Certificate. As a 
result, investors may receive less amounts under the Certificates than expected, or no such amounts. Even if 
there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Certificate 
may not be available at such Certificate’s maturity. 
Risk factors relating to taxation 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by DIB to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents and payments by the Trustee in 
respect of the Certificates could become subject to taxation. The Service Agency Agreement requires the 
Service Agent, each of the Purchase Undertaking and the Sale Undertaking requires DIB, and the Master Trust 
Deed requires DIB to pay additional amounts in the event that any withholding or deduction is required by 
applicable law to be made in respect of payments made by it to the Trustee which are intended to fund Periodic 
Distribution Amounts and Dissolution Amounts. Condition 11 provides that the Trustee is required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed by Cayman Islands law in certain 
circumstances. In the event that the Trustee fails to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction on payments due in respect of the Certificates to Certificateholders, DIB has 
unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing 
obligation, to pay to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) an amount equal to the liabilities of 
the Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 11 in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of any tax as set out in that 
Condition.

--- Page 43 ---
32 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the auditors’ review report and unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of 
DIB as at and for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 (available at: 
https://www.dib.ae/docs/default-source/financial-
reports/dib_fs_e_25_10_2022.pdf?sfvrsn=b4d11b1d_4); 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements of DIB as at and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 (available at: https://www.dib.ae/docs/default-source/financial-
reports/dib_fs_e_fy2021_25_01_2022.pdf?sfvrsn=22ed08b3_8); 
(c) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated financial statements of DIB as at and for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(available 
at: 
https://www.dib.ae/docs/default-source/financial-
reports/dib_fs_fy2020_e_16_02_2021.pdf?sfvrsn=9c9b67c1_4); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 54 to 82 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 2 February 2017 prepared by DIB in connection with the Programme (available at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_14dea23f-94b7-4980-845d-
f585e59b1e06.PDF); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 55 to 83 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 7 November 2017 prepared by DIB in connection with the Programme (available 
at: https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Base%20Prospectus%2007.11_e7d435b6-9d4b-
4222-a1ec-2798366a5349.PDF);  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 45 to 77 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 7 November 2019 prepared by DIB in connection with the Programme (available at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_25a43365-3d1e-4ae4-9447-
cdb98624c336.PDF); and 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 50 to 82 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 14 June 2021 prepared by DIB in connection with the Programme (available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202106/63f42d25-ba58-
48d2-8f1d-a0a28bc08fd2.PDF). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Irish Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Trustee and DIB will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Certificates, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Certificates.

--- Page 44 ---
33 
 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASHFLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series issued Potential investors are referred to the terms and conditions of the Certificates and the detailed 
descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents and the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus for a fuller description of certain cashflows and for an explanation of the 
meaning of certain capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
 
Principal cash flows 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, the Trustee will use the proceeds for the relevant Series 
to purchase from DIB a portfolio (the Initial Portfolio) of (i) real estate assets (Real Estate Ijara Assets) 
(including the related real estate ijara contracts and all rights thereunder; provided, however, that such real 
estate asset is in existence on the date on which it enters the relevant Initial Portfolio), (ii) non-real estate Ijara 
assets (each such asset, a Non-Real Estate Ijara Asset and, together with the Real Estate Ijara Assets, each 
an Ijara Asset) (including the related non-real estate ijara contracts and all rights thereunder; provided, 
however, that such non-real estate asset is in existence on the date on which it enters the relevant Initial 
Portfolio); and (iii) any asset, other than an Ijara Asset, which is an income generating asset (including, without 
limitation, any sukuk or trust certificates) (A) that has associated with it underlying tangible assets and all of 
such underlying assets are comprised of tangible assets and (B) which is originated, held or owned by DIB in 
accordance with the Sharia principles laid down by DIB’s Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee (including 
any agreements or documents relating to such asset) (each such asset, an Other Tangible Asset and, together 
with the Ijara Assets, each a Tangible Asset or an Asset).

--- Page 45 ---
34 
 
 
In the case of any subsequent Tranche of Certificates of a Series, the relevant Certificateholders will pay the 
issue price (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) in respect of the issuance of additional Certificates to the 
Trustee, and the Trustee will use such proceeds to purchase from DIB the relevant Additional Portfolio 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Purchase Agreement. 
The Assets which comprise the portfolio from time to time are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as 
the Portfolio. The Service Agent will be appointed as service agent to service each Portfolio under the terms 
of the Service Agency Agreement.  
Periodic Distribution Payments 
Prior to each Periodic Distribution Date, the Service Agent will pay to the Trustee (by way of a payment into 
the relevant Transaction Account) an amount reflecting returns generated (other than returns in the nature of 
sale, capital or principal payments) by the relevant Portfolio (Portfolio Income Revenues) during the relevant 
Distribution Period, which is intended to be sufficient to fund the Periodic Distribution Amounts payable by 
the Trustee under the relevant Series and shall be applied by the Trustee for that purpose. 
In the event that the Portfolio Income Revenues to be paid by the Service Agent into the relevant Transaction 
Account on any Distribution Determination Date are greater than the Required Amount (as defined below) 
(having first repaid (i) any Liquidity Facility and/or (ii) any Service Agency Liability Amounts for the relevant 
Distribution Period) for the relevant Series on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, the 
amount of any excess shall be retained by the Service Agent as a reserve and credited to a separate ledger 
account (in respect of each Series, the Income Reserve Collection Account) maintained by the Service Agent. 
If there is a shortfall on any Distribution Determination Date (after transfer of the Portfolio Income Revenues 
into the relevant Transaction Account as described above) between (i) the amounts standing to the credit of 
the relevant Transaction Account and (ii) an amount (the Required Amount) equal to the aggregate of the 
Periodic Distribution Amounts and any other amounts payable by the Trustee in respect of the relevant 
Certificates on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date (a Shortfall), the Service Agent shall 
first apply the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Income Reserve Collection Account (if any) 
towards such Shortfall by transferring into the relevant Transaction Account from such Income Reserve 
Collection Account on that Distribution Determination Date an amount equal to the Shortfall (or such lesser 
amount as is then standing to the credit of such Income Reserve Collection Account). If, having applied such 
amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Reserve Collection Account (if any) and after payment to the 
relevant Transaction Account of all other amounts payable pursuant to any other Transaction Document, any 
part of the Shortfall still remains, the Service Agent may either: 
(a) 
provide Sharia compliant funding to the Trustee itself; or 
(b) 
procure Sharia compliant funding from a third party to be paid to the Trustee, 
in each case in the amount required to ensure that there is no Shortfall and on terms that such funding is 
repayable from Portfolio Income Revenues in the future or Portfolio Revenues on the date on which the 
Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full (each a Liquidity Facility). 
Dissolution Payments 
On each Scheduled Dissolution Date, the Trustee will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require 
DIB to purchase all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant 
Portfolio. The exercise price payable by DIB is intended to fund the Final Dissolution Amount payable by the 
Trustee under the relevant Certificates. 
The Trust in relation to any Series may be dissolved prior to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date for the 
following reasons: (i) redemption following a Dissolution Event, (ii) an early redemption for tax reasons, (iii) 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Trustee (following the receipt of an exercise 
notice from DIB in accordance with the terms of the Sale Undertaking) on an Optional Dissolution Date and 
(iv) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the option of the Certificateholders on any Certificateholder 
Put Option Date.

--- Page 46 ---
35 
 
 
In the case of sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above inclusive, the amounts payable by the Trustee on the due date 
for dissolution will be funded in a similar manner as for the payment of the Final Dissolution Amount. Upon 
the exercise by Certificateholders of the option described in sub-paragraph (iv), the Trustee will redeem the 
relevant Certificates on the Certificateholder Put Option Date at the Optional Dissolution Amount 
(Certificateholder Put). Any such redemption shall be funded through the exercise by the Trustee of its right 
under the Purchase Undertaking to require DIB to purchase all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under a portion of the relevant Portfolio with an aggregate Value (as defined below 
under “Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents – Service Agency Agreement”) no greater than the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates to be redeemed.

--- Page 47 ---
36 
 
 
FORM OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates of each Series will be in registered form. Certificates will be issued outside the United States 
to persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Tranche of Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a Global 
Certificate). Global Certificates will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will be registered in the name of a nominee for the common depositary. Persons holding 
ownership interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Certificates in fully registered form. 
Payments of any amount in respect of each Global Certificate will, in the absence of any provision to the 
contrary, be made to the person shown on the relevant Register (as defined in Condition 1.2) as the registered 
holder of the relevant Global Certificate. None of the Trustee, the Delegate, any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of ownership interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such ownership interests. 
Payment of any amounts in respect of Certificates in definitive form will, in the absence of any provision to 
the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the relevant Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 8.1) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in the Conditions. 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 if an Exchange Event occurs. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 14) has occurred and is 
continuing, or (ii) the Trustee has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) 
or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, 
no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, any of the Trustee or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Certificates 
and the Trustee will, at its own cost (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer 
Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Certificates to be executed and delivered to the 
Registrar within 15 days following the request for exchange for completion and dispatch to the relevant 
Certificateholders. A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the Registrar with a written 
order containing instructions and such other information as the Trustee and the Registrar may require to 
complete, execute and deliver such Definitive Certificates. 
General 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face 
amount of such Certificates in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes (save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all 
purposes other than with respect to any payment on such face amount of such Certificates, for which purpose 
the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their 
respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions Certificateholder and holder of Certificates and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 48 ---
37 
 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined herein), the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a 
further Tranche is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at a point after the 
Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Certificates of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Certificates of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
38 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche issued under the 
Programme. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Certificates is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR), only; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the “SFA”) - [Notice to be included if classification 
of the Certificates is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.]] 
[Date] 
DIB SUKUK LIMITED 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300U3ZMUHC2JQLL56 
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] [to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] issued on  [      ]  
(the Original Certificates)]1 
under the 
U.S.$7,500,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 16 November 2022 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [      ] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described 
herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
                                                          
1  
Include only for an issue of further Certificates in accordance with Condition 20.  
2 
All references to the Prospectus Regulation, including this reference, to be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to listing on 
the official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.

--- Page 50 ---
39 
 
 
websites of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing during usual business hours at the registered office of the Trustee 
at P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and copies 
may be obtained from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at Winchester House, 1 Great 
Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated [original date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described 
herein [for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)]3 and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 16 November 2022 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [      ] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
Base Prospectus) including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the websites of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com. The Base Prospectus 
is available for viewing during usual business hours at the registered office of the Trustee at P.O. Box 1093, 
Queensgate House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and copies may be obtained 
from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Certificates have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1. 
Issuer and Trustee: 
DIB Sukuk Limited 
2. 
Service Agent:  
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC (DIB) 
3. 
Series Number:  
[      ] 
(a) 
Tranche Number: 
[      ] 
(b) 
Date on which the Certificates will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Certificates will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on 
[insert date/ the Issue Date]] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Specified Currency:  
[      ]  
5. 
Aggregate Face Amount:  
[      ]  
(a) 
Series 
[      ]  
(b) 
Tranche 
[      ] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount 
[plus specified currency [      ] in respect of [      ] 
days of accrued Periodic Distribution Amounts 
from (and including) the issue date of the Original 
Certificates to (but excluding) the Issue Date]4 
                                                          
3 
All references to the Prospectus Regulation, including this reference, to be included only if the Certificates are to be admitted to listing on 
the official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
4  
Include only for an issue of further Certificates in accordance with Condition 20.

--- Page 51 ---
40 
 
 
7. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
(this means the minimum integral face 
amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
[      ] 
(N.B. If an issue of Certificates is (i) NOT admitted 
to trading on an EEA regulated market; and (ii) 
only offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the €100,000 minimum 
denomination is not required.) 
(N.B. If an issue of Certificates is NOT listed on 
Nasdaq Dubai, the U.S.$100,000 minimum 
denomination is not required.) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to the 
calculation of the Periodic Distribution 
Amount whilst the Certificates are in 
global form, see Conditions): 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
8. 
(a) 
Issue Date:  
[      ]  
 
(b) 
Return Accrual Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date][specify other]   
9. 
Scheduled Dissolution Date:  
[Specify 
date 
or 
(for 
Floating 
Periodic 
Distribution Certificates) Periodic Distribution 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year.]  
 
 
(Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed 
Periodic Distribution Certificates where the 
Periodic Distribution Dates and the Periodic 
Distribution Amount to be paid on such Periodic 
Distribution Dates are subject to modification in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention, it 
will be necessary to use the following wording: 
“Periodic Distribution Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]”) 
10. 
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[      ] per cent. Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Amount] [[      ] month [EURIBOR/ 
SHIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/KLIBOR/EIBOR/SAIBO
R/BBSW/ PRIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR] +/– [      ] per cent. Floating 
Periodic Distribution Amount]  
(see paragraph [17]/[18] below) 
11. 
Dissolution Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Certificates will be redeemed on 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date at [    ] per cent. of 
their Aggregate Face Amount 
12. 
Change of Periodic Distribution Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 17 and 
18 below and identify these] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
41 
 
 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Certificateholder Put Option] 
[Optional Dissolution (Call)] 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20] below)] 
14. 
Status: 
Unsubordinated 
15. 
Date of Trustee’s board approval and date of 
DIB’s board approval for issuance of 
Certificates: 
[      ] and [      ], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 10.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
17. 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(a) 
Rate[s]: 
[      ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Periodic Distribution Date]  
 
(b) 
Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[[      ] in each year up to and including the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date]  
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short return accumulation periods) 
 
 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Certificates where the Periodic 
Distribution Dates and the Periodic Distribution 
Amount to be paid on such Periodic Distribution 
Dates are subject to modification, specify a 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 17(g) 
below (which is expected to be the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention) and add the 
words “, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. For these purposes, 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
currency deposits) in Hong Kong and [       ]” after 
“Scheduled 
Dissolution 
Date” 
in 
this 
subparagraph (b)) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Amount(s) for Certificates in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Certificates 
in 
global 
form, 
see 
Conditions): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Certificates where the Periodic 
Distribution Dates and the Periodic Distribution 
Amount to be paid on such Periodic Distribution 
Dates are subject to modification in accordance

--- Page 53 ---
42 
 
 
with a Business Day Convention, the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: “Each Fixed 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being 
rounded upwards”.) 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Certificates in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Certificates 
in 
global 
form, 
see 
Conditions): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Periodic Distribution Date falling [in/on] [      ]]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
Periodic Distribution Amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Amount(s) specified 
under paragraph 17(c)) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Actual/365 
(Fixed) (Applicable for Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[      ] in each year 
 
 
(Insert regular periodic distribution dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled dissolution date 
in the case of a long or short first or last return 
accumulation period N.B. This will need to be 
amended in the case of regular periodic 
distribution dates which are not of equal duration 
 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(g) 
Business Day Convention (for the 
purposes of Condition 6.3): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
18. 
Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Periodic Distribution Dates:  
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
(Specified 
Period 
and 
Specified 
Periodic 
Distribution Dates are alternatives. If the Business 
Day Convention is the Floating Rate Convention, 
insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(b) 
Specified Period:  
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specified 
Period 
and 
Specified 
Periodic 
Distribution Dates are alternatives. A Specified 
Period, rather than Specified Periodic Distribution 
Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the Floating Rate Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 54 ---
43 
 
 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business 
Day Convention / Modified Following Business 
Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / [Not Applicable]] 
 
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined:  
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 7.3) applies  
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] month 
[EURIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SIBOR/KLIBOR/E
IBOR/SAIBOR/BBSW/PRIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR/TIBOR] 
 
(ii) 
Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date: 
[      ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Return 
Accumulation Period if EURIBOR) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters [EURIBOR01]] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[     ] 
 
(g) 
Margin: 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(See Condition 7 for alternatives)  
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [specify other]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
19. 
Optional Dissolution (Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph. N.B. For Sharia 
reasons, 
Optional 
Dissolution 
(Call) 
and 
Certificateholder Put Option cannot both be 
specified as applicable for a particular Series)

--- Page 55 ---
44 
 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) 
Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
 
(c) 
Optional Dissolution Date: 
[Any Periodic Distribution Date] [specify other] 
(N.B. If the Floating Periodic Distribution 
Provisions 
are 
applicable, 
the 
Optional 
Dissolution Date must be a Periodic Distribution 
Date) 
 
(d) 
Notice periods  
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [60] days  
 
 
[      ] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent or Delegate) 
20. 
Certificateholder Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. N.B. For Sharia 
reasons, 
Certificateholder 
Put 
Option 
and 
Optional Dissolution (Call) cannot both be 
specified as applicable for a particular Series) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Certificateholder Put): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Dissolution 
Amount 
(Certificateholder Put) Percentage: 
[      ] per cent. 
 
(c) 
Certificateholder Put Option Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
(d) 
Notice Periods  
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
[      ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent or Delegate)

--- Page 56 ---
45 
 
 
21. 
Final Dissolution Amount: 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be 
par] 
22. 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax): 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount] [Note: this must be 
par] 
23. 
Dissolution Amount pursuant to Condition 14: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount [Note: this must be 
par] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CERTIFICATES 
24. 
Form of Certificates: 
Global Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in 
definitive 
registered 
form 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Certificate 
25. 
Additional Financial Centres: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Return Accumulation Period end 
dates, to which sub-paragraph 18(d) relates) 
26. 
Details of Transaction Account: 
DIB Sukuk Limited Transaction Account No:  
[      ] with [      ] for Series No.: [      ] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Trustee and DIB 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of 
DIB SUKUK LIMITED 
 
By: ........................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of 
DUBAI ISLAMIC BANK PJSC 
 
By: ........................................................... 
By: ........................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 57 ---
46 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading:  [Application [[has been]/[will be]] made by the 
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Dublin’s regulated 
market and to be listed on the official list of Euronext 
Dublin][Nasdaq Dubai or specify relevant regulated 
market and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List maintained by the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority)] with effect from [     ].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Trustee (or 
on its behalf) for the Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and to 
be 
listed 
on 
the 
official 
list 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin][Nasdaq Dubai or specify relevant regulated 
market and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List maintained by the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority)] with effect from [      ].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, it needs to be 
indicated that the original Certificates are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Certificates to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Certificates of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch):    [     ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (Moody’s):   
[     ]] 
 
 
[[Fitch] is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
[[Moody’s] is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and DIB is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer. The

--- Page 58 ---
47 
 
 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Trustee and the DIB and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[PROFIT OR RETURN (Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificates only)  
 
Indication of profit or return: 
[     ]  
 
 
The profit or return is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not 
an indication of future profit or return.] 
 
 
 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Sustainable Certificates: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(ii) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus]/[     ] 
(iii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN:  
[      ]/[Until 
the 
Certificates 
are 
consolidated, become fungible with and 
form a single series with the Original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the 
temporary ISIN [      ]. After that, the 
Certificates will have the same ISIN as the 
Original Certificates, which is [      ].]  
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[      ]/[Until 
the 
Certificates 
are 
consolidated, become fungible with and 
form a single series with the Original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the 
temporary ISIN [      ]. After that, the 
Certificates will have the same ISIN as the 
Original Certificates, which is [      ].] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
(iv) 
FISN:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]/[Not Available]]

--- Page 59 ---
48 
 
 
 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[      ] 
 
(viii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[      ] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: [Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2

--- Page 60 ---
49 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates which (subject to modification and 
except for the text in italics) will be endorsed on each Certificate in definitive form issued under the 
Programme and will apply to each Global Certificate. 
DIB Sukuk Limited (in its capacities as issuer and trustee, the Trustee) has established a programme (the 
Programme) for the issuance of up to U.S.$7,500,000,000 in aggregate face amount of trust certificates. In 
these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions), references to Certificates shall be references to the trust 
certificates which are the subject of the applicable Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms 
are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Certificate. 
Certificates issued under the Programme are issued in Series (as defined below). The applicable Final Terms 
complete these Conditions.  
In these Conditions:  
Series means a Tranche (as defined below) of Certificates together with any additional Tranche or Tranches 
of Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined herein) thereon and the date from which Periodic 
Distribution Amounts start to accrue; 
Tranche means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading); and 
Transaction Account means, in relation to each Series, the non-interest bearing account maintained in 
London in the Trustee’s name held with the Principal Paying Agent and into which DIB will deposit all 
amounts due to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents, details of which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Certificates of each Series will represent an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets (as defined 
in Condition 4.1) which are held by the Trustee on trust (the Trust) for, inter alia, the benefit of the registered 
holders of the Certificates pursuant to (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the Master Trust Deed) 
dated 16 November 2022 and made between the Trustee, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC (DIB) and Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited (the Delegate which expression shall include any co-Delegate or any successor) 
and (ii) in respect of each Tranche, a supplemental trust deed dated the issue date (the Issue Date) of such 
Tranche of Certificates (the Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust Deed, the Trust 
Deed). 
Payments relating to the Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 16 November 2022 (the Agency Agreement) made between the Trustee, the Delegate, DIB, Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch in its capacities as principal paying agent (in such capacity, the Principal Paying 
Agent, which expression shall include any successor and, together with any further or other paying agents 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any successors) and calculation agent (in such capacity, the Calculation Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. in its capacities as a registrar 
(in such capacity, the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor) and as transfer agent (in such 
capacity and together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any successors). 
The Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Transfer Agents are together referred to in these Conditions 
as the Agents. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between any such document and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. In addition, in these Conditions:

--- Page 61 ---
50 
 
 
(a) 
any reference to face amount shall be deemed to include the relevant Dissolution Amount (as defined in 
Condition 8.1), any additional amounts (other than relating to Periodic Distribution Amounts (as 
defined in Condition 6.2)) which may be payable under Condition 11, and any other amount in the 
nature of face amounts payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Condition 11 and any other amount in the 
nature of a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
references to Certificates being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Master Trust 
Deed; and 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document (as defined below) shall be construed as a reference to that 
Transaction Document as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Subject as set out below, copies of the documents set out below (i) are available for inspection and obtainable 
free of charge by the Certificateholders during normal business hours at the specified office for the time being 
of the Principal Paying Agent and/or (ii) may be provided by email to a Certificateholder following its prior 
written request to the Principal Paying Agent and the provision of evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying 
Agent as to its holding of the relevant Certificates and identity. The holders of the Certificates (the 
Certificateholders) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the documents set out below: 
(a) 
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between DIB Sukuk Limited (in its capacity as 
Trustee and in its capacity as purchaser, the Purchaser) and DIB (in its capacity as seller, the Seller) 
dated 14 June 2021 (the Master Purchase Agreement); 
(b) 
the supplemental purchase contract (the Supplemental Purchase Contract and, together with the 
Master Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreement) having the details set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(c) 
the amended and restated service agency agreement between the Trustee and DIB (in its capacity as 
service agent, the Service Agent) dated 16 November 2022 (the Service Agency Agreement); 
(d) 
the amended and restated purchase undertaking made by DIB for the benefit of the Trustee and the 
Delegate dated 16 November 2022 (the Purchase Undertaking); 
(e) 
the amended and restated sale undertaking made by the Trustee for the benefit of DIB dated 14 June 
2021 (the Sale Undertaking); 
(f) 
the Trust Deed; 
(g) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(h) 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The documents listed above are referred to in these Conditions as the Transaction Documents. The 
statements in these Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed to 
authorise and direct DIB Sukuk Limited, on behalf of the Certificateholders, (i) to apply the sums paid by it 
in respect of its Certificates to the Purchaser in accordance with the Purchase Agreement and (ii) to enter into 
each Transaction Document to which it is a party, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed and these 
Conditions.

--- Page 62 ---
51 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, in the case of 
Certificates in definitive form, are serially numbered. 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each 
person (other than another clearing system) who is for the time being shown in the records of either 
such clearing system as the holder of a particular face amount of such Certificates (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by a clearing system as to the face amount of such Certificates 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, DIB and the Agents as the holder of such 
face amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect to payment in respect of such 
Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the Global Certificate shall be treated by the 
Trustee, the Delegate, DIB and any Agent as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Certificate and the expressions 
Certificateholder and holder in relation to any Certificates and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular face amount of Certificates as 
aforesaid, the Delegate may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Each holder must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its 
share of each payment made to the registered holder of the Global Certificate. References to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
1.2 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain a register (the Register) of Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In the case of Certificates in definitive 
form, a definitive Certificate will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect of its registered holding 
of Certificates. 
1.3 
Title 
The Trustee, the Delegate, DIB and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) 
deem and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Certificate is for the time being registered 
(as set out in the Register) as the holder of such Certificate or of a particular face amount of the 
Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such Certificate or face amount shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and 
any notice of loss or theft or any writing thereon), and the Trustee, the Delegate, DIB and the Agents 
shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
All payments made to such registered holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, 
effective to satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable in respect of such Certificate or face 
amount. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in the Global Certificate 
Transfers of interests in the Global Certificate will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect

--- Page 63 ---
52 
 
 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. 
An interest in the Global Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Certificates in definitive form only in the Specified Denomination or 
integral multiples thereof and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Certificates in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
a Certificate in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denomination 
or an integral multiple thereof). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) 
surrender the definitive Certificate for registration of the transfer thereof (or the relevant part thereof) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such regulations 
as DIB Sukuk Limited, DIB, the Delegate and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the 
initial such regulations being scheduled to the Master Trust Deed). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within five business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply 
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), deliver at its specified office to the transferee 
or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request 
a new Certificate in definitive form of a like aggregate face amount to the Certificate (or the relevant 
part of the Certificate) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Certificate in definitive 
form, a new Certificate in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Certificate not transferred 
will be so delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate in definitive form to be registered during 
the period of 15 days ending on a Periodic Distribution Date, the Scheduled Dissolution Date, a 
Dissolution Date or any other date on which any payment of the face amount or payment of any profit 
in respect of a Certificate falls due. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
Status 
Each Certificate evidences an undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets, subject to the terms 
of the Trust Deed and these Conditions, and is a direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited 
recourse obligation of the Trustee. Each Certificate ranks pari passu, without any preference or 
priority, with the other Certificates. 
3.2 
Limited Recourse 
The proceeds of the Trust Assets are the sole source of payments on the Certificates. Save as provided 
in the next sentence, the Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of any of the Trustee, 
DIB, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates. Accordingly, Certificateholders, by 
subscribing for or acquiring the Certificates, acknowledge that they will have no recourse to any assets

--- Page 64 ---
53 
 
 
of the Trustee (including, in particular, other assets comprised in other trusts, if any), DIB (to the 
extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or 
the Delegate, or the Agents, or any of their respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the 
expected amounts from the Trust Assets to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted following 
which all obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished. 
DIB is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction Documents directly to the Trustee (for 
and on behalf of the Certificateholders), and the Delegate will have direct recourse against DIB to 
recover such payments. 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets may not be 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the Certificates. If, following the distribution of such 
proceeds, there remains a shortfall in payments due under the Certificates, subject to Condition 14, no 
holder of Certificates will have any claim against the Trustee, DIB (to the extent that it fulfils all of 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party), or the Delegate, or the Agents, 
or any of their respective affiliates or against any assets (other than the Trust Assets to the extent not 
exhausted) in respect of such shortfall and any unsatisfied claims of Certificateholders shall be 
extinguished. In particular, no holder of Certificates will be able to petition for, or join any other 
person in instituting proceedings for, the reorganisation, liquidation, winding up or receivership of the 
Trustee, DIB (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party), the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates as a consequence of 
such shortfall or otherwise. 
3.3 
Agreement of Certificateholders 
By purchasing Certificates, each Certificateholder is deemed to have agreed that notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in these Conditions or any Transaction Document: 
(a) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by the Trustee or any of its shareholders, 
directors, officers, employees or agents on its behalf except to the extent funds are available 
therefor from the Trust Assets and further agrees that no recourse shall be had for the payment 
of any amount owing hereunder or under any Transaction Document to which it is a party, 
whether for the payment of any fee or other amount hereunder or any other obligation or claim 
arising out of or based upon any Transaction Document, against the Trustee to the extent the 
Trust Assets have been exhausted following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be 
extinguished; 
(b) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing by 
the Trustee under the Transaction Documents have been paid in full, it will not institute 
against, or join with any other person in instituting against, the Trustee any bankruptcy, 
reorganisation, arrangement or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any 
bankruptcy or similar law; and 
(c) 
no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceedings or assessment or 
otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of the Trustee 
arising under or in connection with these Conditions by virtue of any customary law, statute 
or otherwise shall be had against any shareholder, member, officer, agent, director or 
corporate services provider of the Trustee in their capacity as such and any and all personal 
liability of every such shareholder, member, officer, agent, director or corporate services 
provider in their capacity as such for any breaches by the Trustee of any such duty, obligation 
or undertaking is hereby expressly waived and excluded to the extent permitted by law. 
4. 
THE TRUST 
4.1 
The Trust Assets 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Seller will sell (i) on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series, an initial portfolio (the Initial Portfolio) and (ii) on the Issue Date of any further

--- Page 65 ---
54 
 
 
Tranche of such Series, an additional portfolio (the Additional Portfolio and, together with the Initial 
Portfolio and, as modified from time to time, the Portfolio) of certain assets (the Assets) specified in 
the Supplemental Purchase Contract to the Trustee and the Trustee will purchase the Initial Portfolio 
or the Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, using the proceeds of the issue of the relevant Tranche 
of Certificates. The Trustee has entered into the Service Agency Agreement with the Service Agent 
as service agent of the Portfolio. 
DIB has entered into the Purchase Undertaking in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate to purchase 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Portfolio on 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date at the Final Dissolution Amount (each as defined in Condition 10.1) 
or, if earlier, on the due date for dissolution determined in accordance with Condition 14 at the 
Dissolution Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Certificateholder Put Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Purchase Undertaking may also be 
exercised ahead of a Certificateholder Put Option Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to 
fund the relevant Certificates being redeemed under Condition 10.4 through the purchase by DIB of 
the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under a portion of the Portfolio 
with an aggregate Value (as defined in the Service Agency Agreement) no greater than the aggregate 
face amount of such Certificates being redeemed. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, subject to the Trustee being entitled to redeem the Certificates early 
pursuant to Condition 10.2, DIB may, by exercising its option under the Sale Undertaking and serving 
notice on the Trustee no later than 60 days prior to the Tax Dissolution Date (as defined in Condition 
10.2), oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and 
under the Portfolio on the Tax Dissolution Date at the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax). If Optional 
Dissolution (Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, DIB may, by 
exercising its option under the Sale Undertaking and serving notice on the Trustee no later than 60 
days prior to the Optional Dissolution Date, oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, 
benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Portfolio on the Optional Dissolution Date. 
Following any purchase of Certificates by or on behalf of DIB or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined 
in Condition 13) pursuant to Condition 13, the Sale Undertaking may also be exercised in respect of 
the transfer to DIB of an ownership interest (a Cancellation Interest) in the Portfolio with an 
aggregate Value no greater than the aggregate face amount of the Certificates so purchased against 
cancellation of such Certificates by the Principal Paying Agent. The Cancellation Interest will be 
calculated as the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate outstanding face amount of the 
relevant Certificates to be cancelled to the aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding 
immediately prior to the cancellation of such Certificates. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets upon trust absolutely for the holders of 
the Certificates pro rata according to the face amount of Certificates held by each holder. The term 
Trust Assets means: 
(a) 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the 
assets from time to time constituting the Portfolio; 
(b) 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the 
Transaction Documents (other than (i) in relation to any representations given to the Trustee 
by DIB pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents and any rights which have been 
expressly waived by the Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents and (ii) the covenant 
given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the Master Trust Deed); and 
(c) 
all monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time, 
and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
4.2 
Application of Proceeds from the Trust Assets 
On each Periodic Distribution Date and on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier Dissolution

--- Page 66 ---
55 
 
 
Date, the monies standing to the credit of the Transaction Account shall be applied in the following 
order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to it under the Transaction Documents 
in its capacity as Delegate; 
(b) 
second, to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and 
rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due and unpaid; 
(c) 
third, only if such payment is made on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or a Dissolution Date, 
to the Principal Paying Agent for application in or towards payment pari passu and rateably 
of the relevant Dissolution Amount; 
(d) 
fourth, only if such payment is made on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the final 
Dissolution Date, to the Service Agent to repay any amounts advanced by way of a Liquidity 
Facility (as defined in the Service Agency Agreement); 
(e) 
fifth, only if such payment is made on the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the final Dissolution 
Date, to the Service Agent in or towards payment of any outstanding Service Agency Liability 
Amounts (as defined in the Service Agency Agreement); and 
(f) 
sixth, only after all necessary payments above have been made in full, to DIB. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
The Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it will not (without the prior 
written consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever (whether structured in 
accordance with the principles of the Sharia or otherwise), or give any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or options 
in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other 
certificates except, in all cases, as contemplated in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
grant or permit to be outstanding any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon any 
of its present or future assets, properties or revenues (other than those arising by operation of 
law); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, 
hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), 
preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or 
nature whatsoever or otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of 
its ownership interest in any of the Trust Assets except pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents; 
(d) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as stated in the 
Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to which it is a party (other 
than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its memorandum and articles of association; 
(f) 
act as trustee in respect of any trust other than a trust corresponding to any other Series issued 
under the Programme; 
(g) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(h) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders;

--- Page 67 ---
56 
 
 
(i) 
prior to the date which is one year and one day after the date on which all amounts owing by 
the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been paid in full, put 
to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, its winding up 
or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding 
with respect to it; and 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement 
thereto or as expressly permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or activity 
other than: 
(i) 
as provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of Trust Assets as provided in the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
6. 
FIXED PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
6.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.2 and Condition 8, the Principal Paying Agent shall distribute to holders pro 
rata to their respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to 
the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, a distribution in 
relation to the Certificates on each Periodic Distribution Date equal to the Periodic Distribution 
Amount payable in respect of the Return Accumulation Period ending immediately before that 
Periodic Distribution Date. 
In these Conditions: 
Periodic Distribution Amount means, in relation to a Certificate and a Return Accumulation Period, 
the amount of profit distribution payable in respect of that Certificate for that Return Accumulation 
Period which amount may be a Fixed Amount, a Broken Amount or an amount otherwise calculated 
in accordance with this Condition 6 or Condition 7; and 
Return Accumulation Period means the period from (and including) a Periodic Distribution Date 
(or the Return Accrual Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Periodic 
Distribution Date. 
6.3 
Determination of Periodic Distribution Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect 
of each Certificate in definitive form for any Return Accumulation Period shall be the Fixed Amount 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Broken Amount so specified. 
In the case of a Certificate where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Business Day Convention to be applicable (an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Certificate), each Periodic Distribution Date (and, accordingly, the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period) will be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention. For this purpose, the provisions relating to the application of a Business Day Convention 
set out in Condition 7.2 below shall apply to this Condition 6, mutatis mutandis, save that, for the 
purposes of the Conditions relating to an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Periodic Distribution Certificate,

--- Page 68 ---
57 
 
 
the term Business Day shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Hong Kong. 
Except in the case of Certificates in definitive form where a Fixed Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of each 
Certificate shall be calculated by applying the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (the Rate) applicable to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of profit distribution payable in respect of such Certificate shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with this Condition: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Periodic Distribution Date (or, if none, the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 69 ---
58 
 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Return Accrual Commencement 
Date or the final Periodic Distribution Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such 
date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.4 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Dissolution Date, unless default is made in the payment of 
the relevant Dissolution Amount as a result of the failure of DIB to pay the relevant Exercise Price 
and enter into a sale agreement in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale 
Undertaking, as the case may be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue 
in respect of the Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition to the earlier of: (i) the Relevant 
Date or (ii) the date on which a sale agreement is executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking, as the case may be. 
7. 
FLOATING PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition is applicable to the Certificates only if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Periodic Distribution Amount 
Subject to Condition 4.2 and 8, the Principal Paying Agent shall distribute to holders pro rata to their 
respective holdings, out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account pursuant to the terms of 
the Service Agency Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, a distribution in relation to the 
Certificates on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Specified Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Periodic Distribution Date, a Periodic 
Distribution Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date 
or, in the case of the first Periodic Distribution Date, after the Return Accrual Commencement 
Date. 
In relation to each Periodic Distribution Date, the distribution payable will be equal to the Periodic 
Distribution Amount payable in respect of the Return Accumulation Period ending immediately 
before that Periodic Distribution Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which a Periodic Distribution Date should 
occur or (y) if any Periodic Distribution Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 7.2(b) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (i) such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to the immediately

--- Page 70 ---
59 
 
 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Periodic Distribution Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Periodic Distribution Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Periodic Distribution Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open (TARGET Settlement Day); 
and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
London and any Additional Business Centre and which if the specified currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Melbourne an Wellington, respectively), (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; or (iii) in relation to any sum 
payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong. 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination  
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms (the Rate) is to be determined, the Rate applicable to the Certificates for each Return 
Accumulation Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is a composite2.3 quotation or 
customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date;

--- Page 71 ---
60 
 
 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Periodic Distribution Determination Date to 
prime banks in the London or Eurozone interbank market, as the case may be, in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Return Accumulation Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Return Accumulation Period, the Rate applicable to the Certificates 
during such Return Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding 
Return Accumulation Period. 
In this Condition the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Reference Banks means the principal London office of each of four major banks engaged in the 
London or Eurozone inter-bank market selected by or on behalf of the Trustee, provided that once a 
Reference Bank has first been selected by or on behalf of the Trustee, such Reference Bank shall not 
be changed unless it ceases to be capable of acting as such; 
Reference Rate means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR); 
(B) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate (SHIBOR); 
(C) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR); 
(D) 
Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR); 
(E) 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (KLIBOR); 
(F) 
Emirates interbank offered rate (EIBOR); 
(G) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (SAIBOR); 
(H) 
Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW); 
(I) 
Prague interbank offered rate (PRIBOR); 
(J) 
CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (CNH HIBOR); 
(K) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR); and 
(L) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR);

--- Page 72 ---
61 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or 
other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; and 
Relevant Time shall mean shall mean: (a) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination 
of EURIBOR, Shanghai time, in the case of a determination of SHIBOR, Hong Kong time, in the case 
of a determination of HIBOR, Singapore time, in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Kuala Lumpur 
time, in the case of a determination of KLIBOR, Dubai time, in the case of a determination of EIBOR, 
Riyadh time, in the case of a determination of SAIBOR, Sydney time, in the case of a determination 
of BBSW, Prague time, in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, Istanbul time, in the case of a 
determination of TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, or Tokyo time, in the case of a determination of TIBOR); 
or (b) 11.15 a.m. Hong Kong time in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR. 
7.4 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 7 if the Trustee and DIB determine that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms when any Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates for 
any Return Accumulation Period remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Trustee and DIB shall use their reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than ten Business Days prior to the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Return 
Accumulation Period (the IA Determination Cut-Off Date), a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) applicable to the Certificates; 
(b) 
if (A) the Trustee and DIB are unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Trustee and DIB fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
in accordance with this Condition 7.4 prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, 
then DIB (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may elect to 
determine the Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and/or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining the Rate 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates or, if applicable, any 
Benchmark Amendments, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (with the 
relevant provisions in this Condition 7.4 applying mutatis mutandis) to allow such 
determinations to be made by DIB without consultation with the Independent Adviser; 
(c) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the 
future Return Accumulation Periods in respect of such Certificates (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.4); 
(d) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be) provided however, if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the 
Trustee and DIB), or DIB (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
fails to determine the Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 7.4 prior to the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date then the Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 73 ---
62 
 
 
Reference Rate as determined in accordance with this Condition 7.4 will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread; 
(e) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7.4 and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with 
the Trustee and DIB), or DIB (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
as applicable, determines: (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the Master Trust Deed 
and/or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Business Day Convention, Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of DIB and subject to delivery of a notice in 
accordance with Condition 7.4(f) and the certificate in accordance with this Condition 7.4(e): 
(x) the Trustee and DIB shall vary these Conditions, the Master Trust Deed and/or any other 
Transaction Document to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice; and (y) the Delegate and the Agents shall (at DIB’s expense), 
without any requirement for the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, be obliged to 
concur with the Trustee and DIB in effecting such Benchmark Amendments, provided that 
none of the Delegate nor any Agent shall be required to effect any such Benchmark 
Amendments if the same would impose, in its opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any liability against which it is not adequately indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction or impose any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it. 
Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, DIB shall provide a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of DIB to the Trustee, the Delegate and the Principal 
Paying Agent, certifying that such Benchmark Amendments are: (x) in DIB’s reasonable 
opinion (following consultation with the Trustee and the Independent Adviser), necessary to 
give effect to any application of this Condition 7.4; and (y) in each case, have been drafted 
solely to such effect, and the Trustee, the Delegate and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on 
such certificates without further enquiry or liability to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, 
none of the Delegate or any Agent shall be liable to the Certificateholders or any other person 
for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is 
or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such Certificateholder or person; 
(f) 
the Trustee (failing which, DIB) shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, give notice to the Delegate, the Agents (such notice to be delivered not less 
than 10 Business Days prior to the date on which such Benchmark Amendments are due to 
come into effect) and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Certificateholders confirming: 
(A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable); (C) any applicable Adjustment Spread; and (D) the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case, as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 7.4;  
(g) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) on the immediately following Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, then the Rate (or the relevant component 
part thereof) applicable to the Certificates during the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Certificates in respect of a preceding Return Accumulation 
Period.  For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7.4(g) shall apply to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period only and any subsequent Return Accumulation Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.4; and

--- Page 74 ---
63 
 
 
(h) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.4 shall act and make all 
determinations pursuant to this Condition 7.4 in good faith and the Independent Adviser shall 
act as an expert.  In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, none of the Independent 
Adviser, the Trustee and DIB shall have any liability whatsoever to the Certificateholders in 
connection with any determination made by it or, in the case of the Independent Adviser, for 
any advice given to DIB in connection with any determination made by DIB pursuant to this 
Condition 7.4. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there 
is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 7, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee and DIB 
thereof and the Trustee, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Trustee and DIB thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) 
the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determine is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines 
that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the relevant Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines 
that there is no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with 
the Trustee and DIB) or DIB (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) in their sole discretion to be appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and DIB) determines, in accordance with this 
Condition 7.4, is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Certificates and of a comparable duration to the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
or, if the Independent Adviser or DIB (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other 
rate as the Independent Adviser or DIB (as applicable) determines in their sole discretion is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: (i) the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published as a result of such 
benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered or ceasing to exist for at least five Business Days; 
or (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased or that

--- Page 75 ---
64 
 
 
it will, by a specified future date, cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the relevant Reference Rate); or (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, that the relevant Reference Rate has been or will be, by 
a specified future date, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (iv) a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate as a consequence of which, by a 
specified future date, the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Certificates; or (v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will be (or is 
or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying market or (vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Trustee, DIB, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Certificateholder using the relevant Reference Rate, provided 
that, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) 
and (v) above, and the relevant specified future date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the 
date falling six months prior to such specified future date; 
Financial Stability Board means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in April 
2009; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Trustee and DIB at DIB’s expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and 
DIB) or DIB, as applicable, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7.5 
Cessation of Profit Entitlement 
No further amounts will be payable on any Certificate from and including the Scheduled Dissolution 
Date or, as the case may be, the relevant Dissolution Date, unless default is made in the payment of 
the relevant Dissolution Amount, as a result of the failure of DIB to pay the relevant Exercise Price 
and enter into a sale agreement in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale 
Undertaking, as the case may be, in which case Periodic Distribution Amounts will continue to accrue 
in respect of the Certificates in the manner provided in this Condition provided that, in respect of such 
accrual, no sale agreement has been executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale Undertaking. 
7.6 
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be determined 
in relation to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic Distribution Amount payable 
in respect of each Certificate for such Return Accumulation Period. The Periodic Distribution Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant Return Accumulation Period to: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding face amount of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 76 ---
65 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards). Where the Specified Denomination of a Certificate in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of such Certificate shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of a Periodic Distribution Amount in 
accordance with this Condition: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Return Accumulation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Return Accumulation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic 
Distribution Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 77 ---
66 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Return Accumulation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2−𝑌1)]+ [30 × (𝑀2− 𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return Accumulation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Return 
Accumulation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Return Accumulation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Return Accumulation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Return Accumulation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
7.7 
Calculation of Other Amounts 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such 
amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 78 ---
67 
 
 
7.8 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Trustee, DIB, the 
Delegate, the Paying Agents as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate, Periodic Distribution Amount and Periodic Distribution Date) in any event not later than the 
fourth day of the relevant Return Accumulation Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given 
to the Certificateholders. The Calculation Agent will be required to recalculate any Periodic 
Distribution Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Return Accumulation Period and any such recalculation will 
be notified to the Trustee, DIB, the Delegate, the Paying Agents and the Certificateholders as soon as 
practicable after such determination. 
7.9 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All communications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be 
binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, DIB, the Agents and all Certificateholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition. 
7.10 
Calculation Agent 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Calculation Agent or (without 
prejudice to Condition 7.9) fails duly to determine any Rate, Periodic Distribution Amount and/or 
Periodic Distribution Date in accordance with the above provisions, the Trustee shall forthwith 
appoint another leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or financial institution to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not be removed without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
8. 
PAYMENT 
8.1 
Payments in respect of the Certificates 
Subject to Condition 8.2: 
(a) 
payment in a Specified Currency other than Renminbi of any Dissolution Amount and any 
Periodic Distribution Amount will be made by transfer to the registered account of each 
Certificateholder; and 
(b) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Certificateholder with a bank in Hong Kong.  
Payments of any Dissolution Amount will only be made against surrender of the relevant Certificate 
at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents. Each Dissolution Amount and each Periodic 
Distribution Amount will be paid to the holder shown on the Register at the close of business on the 
relevant Record Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(a) 
Dissolution Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax), the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call), the Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Certificateholder Put), the Dissolution Amount for the purposes of Condition 14 or 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Payment Business Day means:

--- Page 79 ---
68 
 
 
(i) 
in the case where presentation and surrender of a definitive Certificate is required 
before payment can be made, a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender 
of the definitive Certificate are open for presentation and payment of securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(A) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the currency of payment is not euro or Renminbi, any day which is a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal 
financial centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(C) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; or 
(D) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(c) 
a Certificateholder’s registered account means, in the case of payment in Renminbi, the 
Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the Certificateholder with a bank in Hong 
Kong, details of which appear on the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record, 
Date or, in the case of a payment in a specified Currency other than Renminbi, the account 
maintained by or on behalf of such Certificateholder with a bank that processes such 
payments, details of which appear on the Register at the close of business on the relevant 
Record Date; 
(d) 
a Certificateholder’s registered address means its address appearing on the Register at that 
time; and 
(e) 
Record Date means (i) (where the Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate), at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the Periodic Distribution Date, Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date, as the case may be; or (ii) (where the Certificate is in 
definitive form), in the case of the payment of a Periodic Distribution Amount, the date falling 
at the close of business on the fifth day (in the case of Renminbi) and on the fifteenth day (in 
the case of a specified currency other than Renminbi) (whether or not such fifth day fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date and, in the case of the 
payment of a Dissolution Amount, the date falling two Payment Business Days before the 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or Dissolution Date, as the case may be. 
8.2 
Payments subject to Applicable Laws 
Payments in respect of Certificates are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11, and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11) any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 80 ---
69 
 
 
8.3 
Payment only on a Payment Business Day 
Payment instructions (for value the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for value the 
first following day which is a Payment Business Day) will be initiated on the due date for payment 
or, in the case of a payment of any Dissolution Amount, if later, on the Payment Business Day on 
which the relevant definitive Certificate is surrendered at the specified office of a Paying Agent for 
value as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Certificateholders will not be entitled to any additional payment for any delay after the due date in 
receiving the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day or if the relevant 
Certificateholder is late in surrendering its definitive Certificate (if required to do so). 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount is not paid in full when 
due, the Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount in fact paid. 
8.4 
RMB account 
All payments in respect of any Certificate or Periodic Distribution Amount in RMB will be made 
solely by credit to a registered RMB account maintained by or on behalf of the payee at a bank in 
Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to 
time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of RMB in Hong 
Kong). 
RMB Currency Event 
If the Specified Currency of the Certificates is RMB and an RMB Currency Event, as determined by 
DIB or the Trustee acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any Dissolution Amount or 
Periodic Distribution Amount (in whole or in part) in respect of any Certificate, the Trustee’s 
obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Certificates may be replaced by an 
obligation to pay such amount (in whole or in part) in the Relevant Currency and converted using the 
Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to the Trustee and the Paying 
Agents. 
Upon the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, the Trustee shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated 
account maintained by the payee with a bank in New York City; and the definition of Payment 
Business Day in Condition 8.1 shall mean any day which (subject to Condition 12) is a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Certificates 
in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and (B) London and New York City. 
For the purpose of this Condition 8: 
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London 
and New York City; 
Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the due date 
of the relevant payment under the Certificates, other than where the Trustee properly determines that 
a RMB Currency Event has occurred at any time during the period from and including 10:01 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the second Determination Business Day preceding the original due date to and 
including 11:59 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on the original due date, in which case the Determination 
Date will be the Determination Business Day immediately following the date on which the 
determination of the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event has been made;

--- Page 81 ---
70 
 
 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
Relevant Currency means United States dollars; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Trustee cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to satisfy its obligation to pay an Periodic 
Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount (in whole or in part) in respect of the Certificates, as 
determined by DIB or the Trustee acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute active 
in the RMB exchange market in Hong Kong; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Trustee to 
convert any amount due in respect of the Certificates into RMB on any payment date in the general 
RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Trustee to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible for the Trustee, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the 
Trustee to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong 
to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Trustee to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Trustee, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi 
in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on 
the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or 
if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. 
If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Spot Rate at or around 11:00 
a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar 
official fixing rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the 
Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace 
that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 8.4 by the Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Trustee, 
the Agents and all RMB Certificateholders. 
9. 
AGENTS 
9.1 
Agents of Trustee 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Certificates, the Agents act solely 
as agents of the Trustee and (to the extent provided therein) the Delegate and do not assume any

--- Page 82 ---
71 
 
 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor agent. 
9.2 
Specified Offices 
The initial Agents are set out in the Agency Agreement. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed 
in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. The Trustee reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents provided, however, that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar; 
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent (other than the Principal Paying Agent) has been appointed in the 
applicable Final Terms, there will at all times be a Calculation Agent; and 
(d) 
so long as any Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent having its specified office in such place (if any) as may be 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(e) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) located 
in a jurisdiction within Europe other than the jurisdiction in which the Trustee or DIB is 
incorporated. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in specified offices will be given to the 
Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17. 
10. 
CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF THE TRUST 
10.1 
Scheduled Dissolution 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, in full, the Trustee will 
redeem each Certificate on the Scheduled Dissolution Date at the Final Dissolution Amount together 
with any Periodic Distribution Amounts payable. Upon payment in full of such amounts to the 
Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided 
ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and 
the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.2 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
The Certificates may be redeemed by the Trustee in whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable), 
(such date, the Tax Dissolution Date) on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at the Early Dissolution Amount 
(Tax) together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amount, if a Tax Event occurs where 
Tax Event means: 
(a) 
the determination by DIB that (1) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 as a result of any change in, or amendment

--- Page 83 ---
72 
 
 
to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 11) or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or 
(b) 
the receipt by the Trustee of notice from DIB that (1) DIB has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts pursuant to the terms of the Service Agency Agreement, the Purchase 
Undertaking and/or the Sale Undertaking as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and (2) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by DIB taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given unless an exercise notice has been 
received by the Trustee from DIB under the Sale Undertaking and no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which (in the case of (a) above) the Trustee 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Certificates were then 
due or (in the case of (b) above) DIB would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
to the Trustee under the Service Agency Agreement was then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee shall 
deliver to the Delegate (i) a certificate signed by one director of the Trustee (in the case of (a) above) 
or two Authorised Signatories of DIB (in the case of (b) above) stating that the Trustee is entitled to 
effect such dissolution and redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent in (a) or (b) above to the right of the Trustee so to dissolve have occurred and 
(ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Trustee or 
DIB, as the case may be, has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. The Delegate shall be entitled to accept (without further investigation) any 
such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Certificateholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
10.2, the Trustee shall be bound to redeem the Certificates at the Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) 
together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amount and, upon payment in full of such 
amounts to the Certificateholders, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent 
undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
10.3 
Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee 
If Optional Dissolution (Call) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Certificates may be redeemed in whole but not in part on any Optional Dissolution Date, which must 
be a Periodic Distribution Date if the Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at the relevant Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) together with any due but 
unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on the Trustee giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige 
the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on the relevant Optional Dissolution Date). Upon such 
redemption, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to represent undivided ownership 
interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee 
shall have no further obligations in respect thereof; provided, however, that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given unless the Trustee has received an exercise notice from DIB under the Sale 
Undertaking. 
Optional Dissolution (Call) and Certificateholder Put Option may not both be specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
73 
 
 
10.4 
Dissolution at the option of the Certificateholders 
If Certificateholder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon 
the holder of any Certificate giving to the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
the Trustee will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Certificate on the Certificateholder Put 
Option Date and at the Optional Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) together with any due 
but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. Certificates may be redeemed under this Condition 10.4 in 
any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Certificate the holder of this Certificate must, if this 
Certificate is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 10.4 and the face 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full amount of the Certificates so surrendered is 
to be redeemed, an address to which a new Certificate in respect of the balance of such Certificate is 
to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. 
If this Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Certificate 
the holder of this Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on such Certificateholder’s instruction by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time 
and if this Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant Global Certificate to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this Condition 10.4 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, a Dissolution Event has occurred and 
the Delegate has declared the Certificates to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 14, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Trustee to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition 10.4. 
Certificateholder Put Option and Optional Dissolution (Call) may not both be specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
10.5 
No other Dissolution 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the Trust, otherwise than as 
provided in this Condition, Condition 13 and Condition 14. 
10.6 
Cancellations 
All Certificates which are redeemed, and all Certificates purchased by or on behalf of DIB or any of 
its Subsidiaries and delivered by DIB to the Principal Paying Agent for cancellation, will forthwith be 
cancelled and accordingly such Certificates may not be held, reissued or resold. 
10.7 
Dissolution Date 
In these Conditions, the expression Dissolution Date means, as the case may be, (a) following the 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 14), the date on which the Certificates are 
redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14, (b) the date on which the Certificates 
are redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 10.2, (c) any Optional Dissolution Date 
or (d) any Certificateholder Put Option Date.

--- Page 85 ---
74 
 
 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made free and clear of and without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of 
the Taxes is required by law. In such event, the Trustee will pay additional amounts so that the full 
amount which otherwise would have been due and payable under the Certificates is received by the 
parties entitled thereto, except that no such additional amount shall be payable in relation to any 
payment in respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
presented for payment (where presentation is required) in a Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Certificate by reason of having 
some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Certificate; 
or 
(c) 
presented for payment (where presentation is required) more than 30 days after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below) except to the extent that a holder would have been entitled to 
additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that 
day to have been a Payment Business Day. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
principal financial centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which the full amount has been so received and notice to that effect has duly 
been given to the Certificate holders in accordance with Condition 17; 
Relevant Jurisdiction means: (i) in the case of payments to be made by the Trustee, the Cayman 
Islands; or (ii) in the case of payments to be made by DIB (acting in any capacity), the United Arab 
Emirates or any Emirate therein or, in each case, any political subdivision or authority thereof or 
therein having the power to tax; and 
Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction. 
The Purchase Undertaking, the Sale Undertaking and the Service Agency Agreement provide that 
payments and transfers thereunder by DIB, shall be made free and clear of and without withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction 
of the Taxes is required by law and, in such case, provide for the payment or transfer, as the case may 
be, by DIB of additional amounts so that the full amount which would otherwise have been due and 
payable or transferable, as the case may be, is received by the Trustee. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The right to receive distributions in respect of the Certificates will be forfeited unless claimed within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of Dissolution Amounts) and a period of five years (in the case of 
Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8. 
13. 
PURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF CERTIFICATES 
13.1 
Purchases 
DIB or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the open market 
or otherwise.

--- Page 86 ---
75 
 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, Subsidiary means, in relation to DIB, any entity whose financial 
statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with provisions of generally accepted 
accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of DIB. 
13.2 
Cancellation of Certificates held by DIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
Following any purchase of Certificates by or on behalf of DIB or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to 
Condition 13.1, the Sale Undertaking may be exercised by DIB in respect of the transfer to DIB of a 
Cancellation Interest in the Portfolio with an aggregate Value not greater than the aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates so purchased against cancellation of such Certificates pursuant to Condition 
10.6. 
14. 
DISSOLUTION EVENTS 
Upon the occurrence and continuation of any of the following events (Dissolution Events): 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any Dissolution Amount or any Periodic Distribution 
Amount on the due date for payment thereof and such default continues unremedied for a 
period of seven days; or 
(b) 
the Trustee fails to perform or observe any of its other duties, obligations or undertakings 
under the Transaction Documents and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
following the service by the Delegate of a notice on the Trustee requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
a DIB Event (as defined in the Purchase Undertaking) occurs; or 
(d) 
the Trustee repudiates any Transaction Document or does or causes to be done any act or 
thing evidencing an intention to repudiate any Transaction Document; or 
(e) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Trustee to perform or comply 
with any or all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is party or any 
of the obligations of the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
not or cease to be legal, valid, and binding; or 
(f) 
either (i) the Trustee becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or (ii) an 
administrator or liquidator of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Trustee is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made) or 
(iii) the Trustee takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of 
any indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Trustee ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially the whole of its business (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Trustee; or 
(h) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in paragraph (f) and (g) above, 
the Delegate (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), if 
notified in writing of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event, shall give notice of the occurrence of 
such Dissolution Event to the holders of Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 with a request 
to such holders to indicate if they wish the Certificates to be redeemed and the Trust to be dissolved. 
If so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth of the then aggregate face amount of the 
Certificates outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the

--- Page 87 ---
76 
 
 
Certificates (each a Dissolution Request), the Delegate shall (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice of the Dissolution Request 
to the Trustee, DIB and all the holders of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 17 whereupon 
the Certificates shall be immediately redeemed at the Dissolution Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together with any due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on the date of such 
notice. Upon payment in full of such amounts, the Trust will terminate, the Certificates shall cease to 
represent undivided ownership interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable 
in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
For the purpose of (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the Certificates (including 
any amounts calculated as being payable under Condition 6, Condition 7 and Condition 10) 
notwithstanding that the Trustee has, at the relevant time, insufficient funds or Trust Assets to pay 
such amounts. 
15. 
ENFORCEMENT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 
15.1 
Enforcement 
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event and the giving of notice of a Dissolution Request to the 
Trustee by the Delegate, to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Certificates have not 
been paid in full pursuant to Condition 14, subject to Condition 15.2 the Delegate shall (subject to 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), take one or more of the 
following steps: 
(a) 
enforce the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and/or the Service Agency Agreement 
against DIB; and/or 
(b) 
take such other steps as the Delegate may consider necessary in its absolute discretion to 
protect the interests of the Certificateholders. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Condition 15.2, the Delegate may at any time, at its 
discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other steps as it may think fit against or 
in relation to each of the Trustee and/or DIB to enforce their respective obligations under the 
Transaction Documents, these Conditions and the Certificates. 
15.2 
Delegate not obliged to take Action 
The Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or to realise the 
Trust Assets or take any action against the Trustee and/or DIB under any Transaction Document unless 
directed or requested to do so (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution or (b) in writing by the holders of at 
least one-fifth of the then aggregate face amount of the Certificates outstanding and in either case then 
only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities 
to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing provided that the 
Delegate shall not be liable for the consequences of exercising its discretion or taking any such action 
and may do so without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Certificateholders. 
15.3 
Direct Enforcement by Certificateholder 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee and/or DIB or provide 
instructions (not otherwise permitted by the Trust Deed) to the Delegate to proceed against the Trustee 
and/or DIB under any Transaction Document unless the Delegate, having become bound to proceed 
(a) fails to do so within a reasonable period or (b) is unable by reason of an order of a court having 
competent authority to do so, and such failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances shall 
the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of 
the Trust Assets (other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents) and the sole right of the Delegate 
and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and DIB shall be to enforce their respective obligations 
under the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 88 ---
77 
 
 
15.4 
Limited Recourse 
The foregoing paragraphs in this Condition are subject to this paragraph. After enforcing or realising 
the Trust Assets and distributing the proceeds of the Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 4.2 
and the Trust Deed, the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall be satisfied and 
no holder of the Certificates may take any further steps against the Trustee, the Delegate or any other 
person to recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to receive any sums 
unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no holder of the Certificates shall be entitled in respect 
thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of DIB Sukuk Limited. 
16. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES 
Should any definitive Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Registrar (and if the Certificates are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Trustee, DIB, 
the Registrar, the Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent may require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Certificateholders will be valid if: 
(a) 
published in a daily newspaper having general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which 
is expected to be the Irish Times) approved by the Delegate or published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) or, if in either case such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation in Europe 
approved by the Delegate; or 
(b) 
mailed to them by first class pre-paid registered mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an 
overseas address) by airmail at their respective registered addresses. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices are duly given or published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Certificates have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation including 
publication on the website of the relevant listing authority, relevant stock exchange or relevant 
quotation system if required by those rules. Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day 
after being so mailed or on the date of publication or, if so published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication. 
Until such time as any definitive Certificates are issued, there may, so long as any Global Certificate 
representing the Certificates is held on behalf of one or more clearing systems, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant 
clearing systems for communication by them to the Certificateholders and, in addition, for so long as 
any Certificates are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Certificateholders on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
relevant clearing systems. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate held 
on behalf of one or more clearing systems, such notice may be given by any holder of a Certificate to

--- Page 89 ---
78 
 
 
the Principal Paying Agent through the clearing system in which its interest in the Certificates is held 
in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant clearing system may approve for this 
purpose. 
18. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER, 
AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION 
18.1 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Certificateholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary 
Resolution of any of these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed. The quorum at any meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Eligible Persons (as defined in the Master 
Trust Deed) present holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the then 
outstanding aggregate face amount of the Certificates, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
Eligible Persons present whatever the outstanding face amount of the Certificates held or represented 
by them, except that any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions 
of the Certificates (including modifying the Scheduled Dissolution Date, reducing or cancelling any 
amount payable in respect of the Certificates or altering the currency of payment of the Certificates or 
amending Condition 5 and certain covenants given by DIB in the Transaction Documents), the 
quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in the outstanding face amount of the Certificates, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
Eligible Persons present holding or representing not less than one-third in the outstanding face amount 
of the Certificates. The expression Extraordinary Resolution is defined in the Master Trust Deed to 
mean any of (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held by a majority consisting of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in face amount of the Certificates or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Delegate) by 
or on behalf of not less than 75 per cent. in face amount of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding. 
18.2 
The Delegate may agree, without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders, to any modification 
(other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement, or determine, without any such consent or sanction as aforesaid, that any Dissolution 
Event or an event which, with the giving of notice, lapse of time, determination of materiality or 
fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any combination of the foregoing), would constitute 
a Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such if, in the opinion of the Delegate, (a) such modification 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (b) such modification is made to correct a manifest error or 
(c) such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination is not, in the opinion of the Delegate, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders. No such direction or request will affect 
a previous consent, waiver, authorisation or determination. 
18.3 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Delegate shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Certificateholders (whatever their 
number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any 
such exercise for individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for 
any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof) and the Delegate shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim from the Delegate or any other person, any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Certificateholders. 
18.4 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the 
Certificateholders and shall be notified to the Certificateholders as soon as practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 17.

--- Page 90 ---
79 
 
 
19. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF THE DELEGATE AND THE TRUSTEE 
19.1 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Delegate and the Trustee in 
certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from 
taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction as well as 
provisions entitling the Delegate to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the 
Certificateholders. 
19.2 
Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee makes any representation and assumes no responsibility for the 
validity, sufficiency or enforceability of the obligations of DIB under the Transaction Documents and 
shall not under any circumstances have any liability or be obliged to account to the Certificateholders 
in respect of any payments which should have been made by DIB but are not so made and shall not in 
any circumstances have any liability arising from or in relation to the Trust Assets other than as 
expressly provided in these Conditions or in the Trust Deed. 
19.3 
Each of the Trustee and the Delegate is exempted from (i) any liability in respect of any loss or theft 
of the Trust Assets or any cash, (ii) any obligation to insure the Trust Assets or any cash and (iii) any 
claim arising from the fact that the Trust Assets or any cash are held by or on behalf of the Trustee or 
on deposit or in an account with any depositary or clearing system or are registered in the name of the 
Trustee or its nominee, unless such loss or theft arises as a result of wilful default by the Trustee or 
the Delegate, as the case may be. 
19.4 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Delegate is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with DIB and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to DIB and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Certificateholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection 
therewith. 
20. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee may from time to time (but subject always to the provisions of 
the Master Trust Deed) without the consent of the Certificateholders create and issue additional 
Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Certificates of such Series or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first 
payment of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts 
start to accrue, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Certificates of such Series. Any additional Certificates which are to form a single Series with the 
outstanding Certificates of a particular Series shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust 
Deed. References in these Conditions to the Certificates include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other Certificates issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single Series with 
such Certificates. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of these Conditions, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
22.1 
The Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including the remaining provisions of this 
Condition 22) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Certificates and these Conditions are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law.

--- Page 91 ---
80 
 
 
22.2 
Subject to Condition 22.3, any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or 
having any connection with the Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination of the Trust 
Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions or the consequences of the nullity of any of them or a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a 
Dispute) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the 
London Court of International Arbitration (the LCIA) (the Rules), which Rules (as amended from 
time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in international 
securities transactions; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
22.3 
Notwithstanding Condition 22.2 above, the Delegate (or, but only where permitted to take action in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, any Certificateholder) may, in the alternative, and at its 
sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Trustee: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If such notice is given, the Dispute to which such 
notice refers shall be determined in accordance with Condition 22.4 and, subject as provided below, 
any arbitration commenced under Condition 22.2 in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. With 
the exception of the Delegate (whose costs will be borne by the Trustee, failing which DIB), each of 
the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear its own costs in relation thereto. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any 
Dispute, the Trustee must promptly give notice to the LCIA Court and to any Tribunal (each as defined 
in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute that such Dispute will be settled by the 
courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA Court, the arbitration and any appointment of any 
arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed 
to be functus officio. The termination is without prejudice to: 
(a) 
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of that 
arbitration before their appointment is terminated; 
(b) 
their entitlement to be paid their proper fees and disbursements; and 
(c) 
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation bar 
or any similar rule or provision. 
22.4 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 22.3 is issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England or the courts of the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, at the option of the Delegate, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
Dispute and each of the Trustee and DIB submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
each of the Trustee and DIB agrees that the courts of England or the courts of the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, at the option of the Delegate, are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; 
and 
(c) 
this Condition 22.4 is for the benefit of the Delegate and the Certificateholders only. As a 
result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Delegate and any Certificateholder

--- Page 92 ---
81 
 
 
(where permitted so to do) may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
22.5 
Each of the Trustee and DIB has in the Trust Deed appointed Maples and Calder at its registered office 
at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD as its agent for service of process and has 
undertaken that, in the event of Maples and Calder ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person approved by the Delegate as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any matter permitted by law. 
22.6 
Under the Trust Deed, DIB has agreed that, to the extent that it may claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues immunity from jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all 
other legal proceedings and relief and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may 
be attributed to it or its assets or revenues, it will not claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally 
waived such immunity in relation to any Proceedings or Disputes. Further, DIB has irrevocably and 
unconditionally consented to the giving of any relief or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, 
without limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection 
with any Proceedings or Disputes. 
22.7 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and DIB has agreed in the Trust Deed that if any arbitration is 
commenced in relation to a Dispute and/or any Proceedings are brought by or on behalf of a party 
under the Trust Deed, it will: 
(a) 
not claim interest under, or in connection with, such arbitration and/or Proceedings; and 
(b) 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, waive all and any entitlement it may have to interest 
awarded in its favour by an arbitrator as a result of such arbitration and/or by a court as a 
result of such Proceedings.

--- Page 93 ---
82 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Certificates issued will be paid by the Trustee (as Purchaser) to DIB, for 
the purchase from DIB of all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under (in the case 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Certificates) the relevant Initial Portfolio, and (in the case of any 
subsequent Tranche of such Series) the relevant Additional Portfolio. 
Save in respect of Sustainable Certificates, DIB will use the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Certificates for its general corporate purposes, including for its general financing and refinancing 
requirements, or for any other purpose specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to each Tranche of Sustainable Certificates, the equivalent amount will be applied by DIB to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Sustainable Projects. For a discussion of the types of project 
included in the definition of Eligible Sustainable Projects and the manner in which they will be identified, 
monitored and managed, see “Description of the Group - Sustainable Finance Framework”. 
The Framework is intended to be aligned with (i) the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles (GBPs) 2021, Social Bond Principles (SBPs) 2021 and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
(SBGs) 2021 published by ICMA from time to time and (ii) the Loan Market Association (LMA) Green Loan 
Principles (GLPs) 2021 and Social Loan Principles (SLPs) 2021 published by the LMA from time to time 
(together, the Principles). 
DIB has appointed ISS ESG to assess the Framework and its alignment with the principles described above 
and to issue a Second Party Opinion accordingly. The Second Party Opinion has been published on the DIB’s 
website, https://www.dib.ae/about-us/investor-relations. 
If a project to which all or part of the equivalent amount has been applied ceases for any reason to be an 
Eligible Sustainable Project, DIB shall endeavour to substitute such project for a replacement Eligible 
Sustainable Project as soon as practicable once an appropriate replacement Eligible Sustainable Project has 
been identified. 
DIB intends to publish an allocation report and an impact report on its Eligible Sustainable Projects. This 
reporting will be updated annually until full allocation of the net proceeds of any Sustainable Financing 
Instrument issued, or until the Sustainable Financing Instrument is no longer outstanding.   
None of the Framework or the Principles or any of the above reports, verification assessments or the contents 
of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. See also “Risk factors – 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Certificates issued 
under the Programme – The use of proceeds of the Certificates of any Series identified as Sustainable 
Certificates in the applicable Final Terms may not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable 
for an investor’s investment criteria”.

--- Page 94 ---
83 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
General 
DIB Sukuk Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability, was incorporated on 30 April 
2012 under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands with company registration number 
268522. The Trustee has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the sole purpose of issuing 
Certificates under the Programme and entering into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents. The registered office of the Trustee is at c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate 
House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and its telephone number is +1 345 945 7099. 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of U.S.$1.00 
par value each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the Shares) are fully-paid and are 
held by MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (the Share Trustee) under the terms of a trust deed (the Share 
Trust Deed) dated 10 May 2012 under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust until the termination 
of the period commencing on 10 May 2012 and ending 149 years from such date or such earlier date as the 
trustees of the Share Declaration of Trust may determine (the Termination Date). Prior to the Termination 
Date, the trust is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has the power to benefit Qualified Charities (as 
defined in the Share Trust Deed). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst any Certificate 
is outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust and make a final 
distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its 
fee for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares.  
Business of the Trustee 
The Trustee has no prior operating history or prior business other than in connection with the Certificates 
issued thus far under the Programme and will not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection with 
the Certificates issued and, to be issued, under the Programme. The Certificates are the obligations of the 
Trustee alone and not the Share Trustee. 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association as 
registered or adopted on 30 April 2012. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is 
not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The Directors of the Trustee are as follows:  
 
Name: 
Principal Occupation:  
Norbert 
Neijzen
 ...........................................  
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East at Maples Fund Services (Middle East) 
Limited 
Stacy 
Bodden
 ...........................................  
Vice President at MaplesFS Limited 
The business address of Norbert Neijzen is Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Unit C 1407, Level 
14, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The 
business address of Stacy Bodden is MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors listed 
above and their duties to the Trustee.

--- Page 95 ---
84 
 
 
The Trustee Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited acts as the administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee Administrator). 
The office of the Trustee Administrator serves as the general business office of the Trustee. Through the office, 
and pursuant to the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement, the Trustee Administrator has agreed to 
perform in the Cayman Islands or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from time to time 
various management functions on behalf of the Trustee and the provision of certain clerical, administrative 
and other services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee and the Trustee 
Administrator have also entered into a registered office agreement (the Registered Office Agreement) for the 
provision of registered office facilities to the Trustee. In consideration of the foregoing, the Trustee 
Administrator receives various fees payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus 
expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that 
either the Trustee or the Trustee Administrator may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain 
stated events, including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, 
the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either party shall be 
entitled to terminate such agreements by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party with 
a copy to any applicable rating agency. 
The Trustee Administrator is subject to the overview of the Trustee’s Board of Directors. 
The Trustee Administrator’s principal office is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The Directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Trustee Administrator (or an affiliate thereof). 
The Trustee has no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 96 ---
85 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and the other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial information and business ratios for the Group as 
at and for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. The statement of profit or loss data and statement of financial position 
data have been extracted from the Financial Statements or the Group's management accounts and have been 
presented in separate tables in AED and, for convenience only, in U.S. dollars. 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Statement of profit or loss highlights 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED millions) 
Income from Islamic financing and investing transactions .......... 
9,013 
10,370 
10,723 
Total income ................................................................................ 
11,795 
13,142 
13,684 
Depositors' and sukuk holders' share of profit ............................. 
(2,373) 
(3,672) 
(4,418) 
Impairment charges, net ............................................................... 
(2,448) 
(4,552) 
(1,764) 
Profit for the year before income tax expense .............................. 
4,444 
3,206 
5,145 
Net profit for the year ................................................................... 
4,406 
3,160 
5,103 
Net profit attributable to owners of the Bank ............................... 
4,391 
3,294 
5,014 
 
 
As at 31 December 
Statement of financial position highlights 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED millions) 
Total assets .................................................................................. 
279,082 
289,556 
231,796 
Total liabilities ............................................................................ 
237,617 
246,426 
197,064 
Total equity ................................................................................. 
41,465 
43,130 
34,732 
Gross financing and investing assets and investments in bilateral 
sukuk(1) ........................................................................................ 
201,419 
210,892 
160,213 
Impaired financing and investing assets(2)................................... 
13,784 
12,061 
6,225 
Non-performing investing and financing assets(3) ....................... 
13,784 
12,061 
6,310 
Collateral held relating to facilities individually determined to be 
impaired(4) ................................................................................... 
9,034 
7,294 
4,358 
Provisions for impairment(5) ........................................................ 
8,926 
8,401 
6,081 
Customers' deposits ..................................................................... 
205,845 
205,925 
164,418 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
Statement of profit or loss highlights 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Income from Islamic financing and investing transactions ......... 
2,454 
 2,824  
2,920 
Total income ............................................................................... 
3,212 
 3,578  
3,726 
Depositors' and sukuk holders' share of profit ............................ 
(646) 
 (1,000)  
(1,203) 
Impairment charges, net .............................................................. 
(667) 
 (1,239)  
(480) 
Profit for the year before income tax expense ............................. 
1,210 
 873  
1,401 
Net profit for the year .................................................................. 
1,200 
 860  
1,389 
Net profit attributable to owners of the Bank .............................. 
1,196 
 897  
1,365 
 
 
As at 31 December 
Statement of financial position highlights 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Total assets .................................................................................. 
75,992 
 78,844  
63,117 
Total liabilities ............................................................................ 
64,702 
 67,100  
53,659 
Total equity ................................................................................. 
11,291 
 11,744  
9,457 
Gross financing and investing assets and investments in bilateral 
sukuk1) ......................................................................................... 
54,845 
 57,425  
43,625 
Impaired financing and investing assets(2)................................... 
3,753 
 3,284  
1,695 
Non-performing investing and financing assets(3) ....................... 
3,753 
 3,284  
1,718 
Collateral held relating to facilities individually determined to be 
impaired(4) ................................................................................... 
2,460 
 1,986  
1,187

--- Page 97 ---
86 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
Statement of financial position highlights 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Provisions for impairment(5) ........................................................ 
2,430 
 2,288  
1,656 
Customers' deposits ..................................................................... 
56,050 
 56,072  
44,770 
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
Key business ratios 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(%) 
Impaired ratio(6) ........................................................................... 
6.8 
5.7 
3.9 
Non-performing asset ratio(6) ...................................................... 
6.8 
5.7 
3.9 
Provision coverage ratio(7) ........................................................... 
72 
76 
101 
Overall coverage ratio(8) .............................................................. 
102 
104 
135 
Total capital adequacy ratio(9) ..................................................... 
17.1 
18.5 
16.5 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ....................................................... 
12.4 
12.0 
12.0 
Return on tangible equity(10) ........................................................ 
11.8 
10.4 
17.0 
Return on assets(11) ...................................................................... 
1.53 
1.22 
2.25 
Net profit margin(12) .................................................................... 
2.59 
2.61 
3.15 
Financing /customer deposits(13) .................................................. 
91 
96 
92 
Cost to income ratio(14) ................................................................ 
26.8 
29.4 
26.9 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes total Islamic financing and investing assets amounting to AED 195,617 million (31 December 2021), AED 205,090 
million (31 December 2020) and AED 156,994 million (31 December 2019) and investments in bilateral sukuk amounting 
to AED 5,802 million (31 December 2021), AED 5,802 million (31 December 2020) and AED 3,219 million (31 December 
2019). See note 9.1 to each of the Financial Statements (for Islamic financing and investing assets) and note 10.1 to the each 
of Audited Financial Statements for investments in bilateral sukuk). 
(2) 
Impaired financing and investing assets comprises the sum of the gross book value of Stage 3 and POCI Islamic financing 
and investing assets, net as shown in note 9.2 to each of the Audited Financial Statements. 
(3) 
Non-performing investing and financing assets comprises the sum of (i) impaired financing and investing assets and (ii) 
Islamic financing and investing assets, net which are past due beyond 90 days but not impaired and which amounted to AED 
nil million (31 December 2021), AED nil million (31 December 2020) and AED 85 million (31 December 2019). 
(4) 
See note 9.4 to each of the Audited Financial Statements. 
(5) 
See note 9.1 to each of the Audited Financial Statements. 
(6) 
Impaired ratio is the ratio of impaired Islamic financing and investing assets (including POCI assets) to gross financing and 
investing assets and investments in bilateral sukuk. The non-performing assets ratio is the ratio of sum of impaired assets, 
POCI assets and exposure which is past due beyond 90 days but not impaired to gross financing and investing assets and 
investments in bilateral sukuk. 
(7) 
Being the ratio of provisions for impairment to non-performing investing and financing assets. 
(8) 
Being the ratio of the aggregate of (i) provisions for impairment and (ii) the discounted value of collateral (which amounted 
to AED 4,153 million (31 December 2021), AED 3,282 million (31 December 2020) and AED 2,152 million (31 December 
2019)) to non-performing investing and financing assets. 
(9) 
Calculated according to Central Bank methodology. 
(10) 
Being the ratio of net profit attributable to owners of the Bank after deduction of profit distribution on Tier 1 Sukuk to 
average equity, adjusted for estimated distribution (with average equity for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 calculated as the 
sum of equity excluding Tier 1 Sukuk as at 31 December at the start of the relevant year plus equity excluding Tier 1 Sukuk 
as at end of respective year 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in the relevant year divided by two) and 
estimated distribution amounting to AED 1,807 million (31 December 2021), AED 1,445 million (31 December 2020) and 
AED 2,529 million (31 December 2019).  
(11) 
Being the ratio of net profit for the year to average total assets, adjusted for estimated distribution (with average total assets 
for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 calculated as the sum of total assets as at 31 December at the start of the relevant year plus 
total assets as at end of respective year divided by five). 
(12) 
Being the ratio of net funded income (income from Islamic financing and investing transactions less depositors and sukuk 
holders' share of profit) to average earning assets (aggregate of Islamic financing and investing assets, investment in Islamic 
sukuk measured at amortised cost, due from banks and financial institutions and international murabaha with Central Bank 
(as identified in note 7.1 to each of the Financial Statements), with the average calculated as the sum of the respective totals 
as at 31 December at the start of the relevant year plus those as at 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in the 
relevant year divided by five). 
(13) 
Being the ratio of Islamic financing and investing assets, net to customers' deposits. 
(14) 
Being the ratio of total operating expenses to net income.

--- Page 98 ---
87 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
DIB is the world's first full service Islamic bank and is one of the largest Islamic banks in the world, in terms 
of assets. As at 30 September 2022, the Group's total assets were AED 274,856 million (U.S.$74,842 million). 
DIB was established in the Emirate of Dubai on 12 March 1975, with the objective of providing banking and 
other financial services tailored to adhere to the principles of Islamic Sharia.  
The core business areas of the Group are Consumer Banking, Corporate Banking, Real Estate & Contracting 
Finance, Investment Banking and Treasury. The Group offers a wide range of Sharia-compliant retail and 
wholesale banking, treasury, investment banking and capital markets products and services to more than 3 
million retail, corporate and institutional clients through a network of 55 branches across the UAE and more 
than 400 branches internationally across six countries outside the UAE. In addition to its main office and 
branches in Dubai, the Group operates across all the other Emirates of the UAE, namely Abu Dhabi, Ajman, 
Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah and Umm Al Quwain. Outside the UAE, the Group has operations through 
subsidiaries in Pakistan and Kenya, and associates in Indonesia, Sudan and Bosnia.  The Group also has a 
representative office in Turkey. 
The head office of DIB is located on Al Maktoum Street, Deira, P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE and its telephone 
number is +971 4 295 3000. DIB is regulated by the Central Bank. DIB's licence number, as set out in its 
commercial license and commercial registration certificate, is 208098. 
The Group has received numerous awards in recent years in recognition of its leading position within the 
markets in which it operates, including: 
 
"Overall Best Islamic Bank", "Best Islamic Bank - UAE ", "Best Islamic Retail Bank " and "Best 
Islamic Bank in Kenya ", by Islamic Finance News in 2022. 
 
DIB being ranked 10th amongst the Middle East’s Top 30 Banks 2022 and being ranked amongst the 
Middle East’s Top 100 Listed Companies 2022 by Forbes Middle East 2020. 
 
DIB being ranked 11th amongst the Top 150 Arab banks in the Middle East by Al Bayan Magazine 
in 2022. 
HISTORY 
DIB was incorporated in 1975, in Dubai, by a decree issued by the then Ruler of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Rashid 
bin Saeed Al Maktoum. In March 2000, DIB was registered as a public joint stock company under the 
Commercial Companies Law No. 8 of 1984 (which was replaced with UAE Federal Law No. 2 of 2015 
regarding the Law of Commercial Companies, with effect from 1 July 2015). 
In 1998, following the discovery of a significant fraud, the Government of Dubai enhanced its shareholding 
to become DIB's largest shareholder (increasing its stake from 6 per cent. to 30 per cent.). DIB subsequently 
recruited a number of professional managers from international and large local financial institutions to 
improve its management and processes. As at 30 September 2022, the Government of Dubai's direct and 
indirect stake in DIB was 27.97 per cent.  
In 2001, the Group acquired a 27.3 per cent. stake in Bosna Bank, the first Sharia-compliant bank in Europe, 
which was established in 2000. 
As part of its then current strategy to expand in select niche Islamic markets in the Middle East, Africa and 
Asia, the Group acquired a 60 per cent. stake in the Bank of Khartoum (BoK) in 2005, one of the largest banks 
in Sudan (measured by the number of branches and ATMs), which stake was subsequently reduced to 52.3 
per cent. in 2006 and further reduced to 28.4 per cent. in 2008. As at 30 September 2022, the Group's stake in 
BoK stood at 29.5 per cent.  
Following approval obtained in January 2005 from the Banking Regulation & Supervision Agency in Turkey, 
the Group established a representative office in Turkey in April 2005 to assist in marketing and promoting the

--- Page 99 ---
88 
 
 
Group's business in Turkey. Since its establishment, the representative office has been referring new customers 
and transactions to various business groups within the Group. 
In 2006, the Group established DIB Pakistan Ltd (DIB Pakistan), a 100 per cent. owned subsidiary, to offer 
Islamic banking services in Pakistan. 
In addition to the above, the Group has incorporated several subsidiaries in real estate development (including, 
Deyaar Development P.J.S.C. (Deyaar Development) in 2002 in which it had a 44.9 per cent. shareholding 
as at 30 September 2022 and which is a fully consolidated subsidiary) and other related financial services 
companies and Dar Al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC (Dar Al Sharia) in 2007. 
In November 2010, the Group increased its stake in Tamweel to 58.3 per cent. to acquire a controlling interest 
in the company. In 2013 and 2015, the Group increased its shareholding to 86.5 per cent. and 92.0 per cent., 
respectively, through tender offers made to minority shareholders. The Group's shareholding in Tamweel 
stood at 92.0 per cent. as at 30 September 2022.  
In May 2014, the Group acquired a 24.9 per cent. stake in PT Bank Panin Dubai Syariah Tbk (Bank Panin 
Syariah) of Indonesia. In 2015, the Group increased its shareholding to 38.3 per cent. in Bank Panin Syariah 
and, as at 30 September 2022, its shareholding was 25.1 per cent.  
In April 2017, the Group obtained a banking licence from the Central Bank of Kenya to operate its wholly-
owned subsidiary, DIB Bank Kenya Ltd. (DIB Bank of Kenya), which commenced commercial operations 
on 5 June 2017. 
In January 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of 99.999 per cent. of Noor Bank through a share swap 
which led to DIB issuing 651,159,198 new shares to increase its issued share capital from 6,589,585,179 
shares to 7,240,744,377 shares.  All relevant approvals from all competent regulatory authorities have been 
obtained and the operations of Noor Bank have been fully integrated with those of the Group. During 
September 2020, the remaining minority percentage shareholding in Noor Bank was acquired it became a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of DIB.  
STRATEGY 
DIB's primary objective is to maintain its position as the leading Islamic financial institution in the Middle 
East region as well as in other selected strategic markets. DIB defines its strategic objectives within a two - 
three year rolling period, which allows it to refine its long-term strategy and develop short-term specific 
strategic and business goals. 
During the early 2000s, the Group had expanded its strategy from being primarily a retail bank into providing 
Sharia-compliant solutions to major corporates as well. This was also a period in which the Group saw a 
qualitative jump in the services being offered as a result of upgrading its computer systems and the introduction 
of internet services. The mid-2000s saw DIB venturing into new international markets such as Pakistan and 
Sudan and launching the Sharia consultancy firm (Dar Al Sharia) and the DIB Foundation. When the global 
financial crisis began, DIB decided to focus on growth within the retail sector and began to run-off its corporate 
real estate finance portfolio in order to protect itself from the downturn in the UAE real estate sector. During 
this decade, DIB saw its total assets increase from AED 11.7 billion (U.S.$3.2 billion) in 2000 to AED 90.1 
billion (U.S.$24.5 billion) by the end of 2010. 
Following a consolidation exercise between 2009 and 2013 and the appointment of a new Group chief 
executive officer (CEO) in mid-2013, who had previously served as Deputy CEO, the Group embarked on a 
new "growth" strategy from 2014 to 2018, which aimed at redefining the way the Group operated its business, 
positioning it as a global leader in the world of Islamic finance.  
Subsequent to the successful acquisition of Noor Bank and the significant global events that unfolded in 2020 
and against the economic backdrop of a recovering economy based on higher oil prices, government support 
and reform policies and easing COVID-19 pressures, DIB reset it strategy in 2021 to cover the five years from 
2022 through 2026.

--- Page 100 ---
89 
 
 
The Group's strategy is continually monitored and reviewed by its management and is formally approved by 
the Board. The Balance Scorecard (BSC) approach is used to integrate the strategic plans into individual and 
departmental goals, and helps the Group manage and monitor its performance. 
The BSC enables the Group to identify goals, manage and measure performance, and report on achievements 
with respect to the priorities of each key stakeholder group. The Group implements quantitative measures 
wherever feasible, but tracks both qualitative and quantitative indicators of performance in terms of both 
financial and non-financial outcomes. The BSC framework forms an integral part of the Group's performance 
management system. 
The Group's business strategy for the new period is centered around the strategic theme of D.R.I.V.E 
(DIGITAL Transformation, ROBUST Foundation, INCREASE Value, VERSATILE Operation and 
ENGAGING Experience) as set out below. 
DIGITAL Transformation 
DIB intends to launch a new digital proposition catering to the growing demand of a segment of customers 
who require digital-only models that address their financial needs at the click of a button, DIB believes that 
these customers’ engagement with DIB on its new digital proposition will lead to higher loyalty and advocacy 
(in the form of improved net promoter scores) for DIB as a brand as compared to those transacting on 
conventional channels. 
DIB also intends to optimise its existing channels to reduce foot traffic at touchpoints by enhancing digital 
channels and capabilities and achieving an appropriate mix of physical and digital interactions to address the 
full array of all of its customers’ needs and provide them with a seamless and intuitive customer journey. In 
addition, it plans to establish a suite of artificial intelligence and machine learning models and a real time 
decision making and communication engine to generate predictive insights that allow it to anticipate customer 
needs. 
DIB expects these initiatives will help it achieve its ultimate goal of reducing costs and increasing revenue, 
particularly as it offloads and migrates non-value generating services and transactions from physical to digital 
channels and increases the contribution of digital channels to new-to-bank customers and improves its cross-
selling and up-selling efforts to significantly. 
ROBUST Foundation 
With increased global and business risk, DIB intends to enhance its asset quality by arresting non-performing 
financing growth through reducing its exposure to, and mitigating risks from, stressed sectors (such as real 
estate) and customer segments and expanding its market coverage, in part by utilising data and analytics to 
inform business decision making.  It also plans carefully calibrated exposure to newer sectors and risk 
segments to help diversify its risk weighted assets. This is expected to help the business achieve more 
sustainable profit growth in the future.  
In addition, DIB expects to strengthen its capital base and enhance operational efficiencies whilst safeguarding 
the business against market volatilities through robust compliance, risk management and controls. In 
particular, DIB expects to institute a zero tolerance compliance environment, requiring 100 per cent. 
compliance with all internal and external regulatory mandates across the Group, including in relation to on-
boarding, forensics, fraud, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorism financing and sanctions programmes. 
DIB also plans to overhaul its technology by replacing its core banking system and upgrading its card systems 
to enable de-fragmentation and the consolidation of systems and data sources, whilst adhering to data 
protection and cyber security standards to eliminate any threat of disruption and breaches. 
INCREASE Value 
DIB aims to increase value through attracting new to bank customers and increasing its market share in earning 
assets (such as financing and sukuk), as well as from ancillary business and identifying new revenue streams 
from existing product and services.

--- Page 101 ---
90 
 
 
DIB also aims to enhance the profitability of its international operations and to explore international 
opportunities through acquisitions, establishing subsidiaries and branches, pursuing strategic partnerships 
and/or co-operation agreements with local partners in Asia, Africa and the Gulf. 
VERSATILE Operation 
In addition to stabilising and improving its IT infrastructure to ensure undisrupted connectivity, accessibility 
and security and ensuring compliance with a wide spectrum of regulatory-driven changes, DIB will focus on 
managing efficiencies by maintaining its robust cost to income ratio and ensuring high quality and timely 
execution of key business priorities, including capitalising on economies of scale from its resources (such as 
its human resources, physical footprint, channels and working models) as it grows and leveraging modern 
technology to automate and streamlines processes.  
Further, DIB plans to embed its environmental, social and governance (ESG) philosophy across the Group by 
establishing DIB’s ESG strategy and framework in alignment with UAE initiatives as well as regulator 
roadmaps. 
Overall, DIB intends to maintain a paramount focus on customer service and experience in alignment with its 
customer service charter and ICARE values which emphasise simplicity and convenience whilst prioritising 
customers and clients.  
ENGAGING Experience 
DIB plans to foster better internal collaboration in order to deliver a customer-centric organisation that inspires 
its staff to focus on customer needs while delivering a seamless experience to customers. As part of this, DIB 
will focus on customer interactions across touchpoints ensuring that they are simple, transparent and unified 
and intends also to ensure that the voice of customers is actively considered and incorporated into wider 
business decisions. The success of this element of the strategy is expected to be evidenced through achieving 
a brand positioning that is the best in class for customer experience. 
COMPETITION AND COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES  
The Group faces competition from both Islamic and conventional banks operating in the UAE. Within its 
investment banking and capital market activities, DIB also competes with major international banks and 
investment firms for transaction mandates. 
DIB believes that the Group enjoys a number of key competitive advantages, including the following: 
Strong and trusted brand 
DIB believes that the Group has a strong and trusted brand. Management believes that the Group's market 
position and strong brand recognition reflect the Group's focus on high-quality customer service (see below), 
its established track record in both consumer and wholesale banking, its targeted marketing to consumers and 
its involvement in a number of the UAE's most prominent infrastructure and other development projects. In 
2016, DIB revealed its new identity built around its vision as a progressive and innovative player and the 
modern face of Islamic banking and finance. 
Established track record and knowhow 
As the first Islamic bank in the UAE, the Group has a proven track record in developing and offering Islamic 
finance products to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of its customers. 
Innovative and extensive product range 
The Group endeavours to provide its customers with a wide range of innovative products, which allows it to 
meet their diversified and sophisticated needs. DIB believes that the Group is able to offer its customer base 
all of the banking products that they may require and, accordingly, that there is little need for them to approach 
the Group's competitors for alternative products.

--- Page 102 ---
91 
 
 
Sharia-compliance credibility 
DIB maintains a highly reputed Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee (the Sharia Board). DIB aims for 
high levels of Sharia compliance by offering all its products and services in strict conformity with the 
parameters approved by the Sharia Board. This helps to ensure that DIB's reputation as a premier Islamic bank 
is maintained at all times. 
Stable funding base 
The Group has a diversified deposit base that includes retail and corporate customers, government bodies and 
public sector agencies which, taken together, are regarded by the Group as a relatively stable and a low cost 
source of funding. 
Strong financial performance 
The Group has consistently benefitted from strong financial performance and robust financial metrics (see 
"Selected Financial Information" for further information). 
Quality of service and speed of response time 
DIB believes that the high quality of customer service which the Group provides distinguishes the Group from 
its principal competitors. Employees are trained regularly in managing clients, new products and market 
developments so as to provide a better service to clients and to enable new products and services to be 
introduced to the market. Furthermore, the Group continues to make enhancements to its systems and 
platforms in order to provide clients with a seamless experience. 
Experienced and committed management 
The majority of DIB's senior management team have been with DIB for several years and, prior to joining 
DIB, have had many years of regional and global experience with other leading international banks. The team 
has considerable experience in the Islamic finance industry and knowledge of the requirements relating to the 
operation of Islamic finance institutions, see "Management and Employees" below. 
Strength in staff training 
The Group provides regular and comprehensive training to staff at all levels to enable them to improve their 
skills. This is done through a dedicated training division within the Group. The Group regularly sends its staff 
on courses, conferences and workshops on Islamic banking products to ensure that they are well informed 
about international and regional developments. 
Systematic approach to developing strategy 
The Group adopts a systematic approach in developing its strategy through comprehensive analyses of the 
domestic and international macroeconomic and business environments and aligning its strategy with any major 
trends identified. This formalised approach is then used to link the overall strategic plan and agenda to the 
BSC performance management system (which is the primary tool used to measure individual and departmental 
performance) and thus to ensure that the Group meets its short-, medium- and long-term strategic objectives. 
Links with the Government of Dubai 
DIB has a good relationship with the Government of Dubai which enables it to be at the forefront of the 
ongoing financing of the development of Dubai. 
Links with the community 
DIB has always maintained strong links with the local community and intends to continue to promote the 
development of society in the UAE. It sees this as an important feature in enhancing its position as a premier 
Islamic bank. For example, it has been active in promoting "Emiratisation", the process of employing and

--- Page 103 ---
92 
 
 
nurturing UAE nationals with a view to encouraging them to participate in and improve the economy of the 
UAE. 
SHAREHOLDERS AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
Shareholders 
As at 30 September 2022, the Government of Dubai held directly and indirectly 27.97 per cent., of the share 
capital of DIB. DIB is not aware of any other significant holdings in its shares. DIB's articles of association 
provide that no single shareholder other than the Government of Dubai is entitled to own more than 10 per 
cent. of the share capital of DIB.  
The Government of Dubai's shareholding is held through Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD). The 
Chairman of DIB is a representative of ICD and the other members of the Board are independent of ICD. 
Decisions are made by voting whereby each board member, including the Chairman, has an equal vote. Some 
of the key corporate governance functions have been delegated to board committees such as the Board Credit 
& Investment Committee, Board Audit Committee, Board Risk Management Committee and Board 
Remuneration Committee. The Chairman is not represented in any of these committees and each of these 
committees acts independently.  
Capital structure 
During 2020, DIB issued 651,159,198 new shares in consideration for the acquisition of Noor Bank, bringing 
its paid up share capital from AED 6.6 billion to its current level of AED 7.2 billion (U.S.$2.0 billion). DIB's 
shares have been listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the DFM) since March 2000. 
Pursuant to DIB's articles of association, the maximum foreign ownership level in DIB has been increased 
from 25 per cent. to 40 per cent.  
See "– Capital Adequacy" below for a description of the Group's capital adequacy ratios as at 31 December 
2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
Business and reporting segments 
The principal activities of the Group are focused around five core business areas: (i) Consumer Banking; (ii) 
Corporate Banking; (iii) Real Estate & Contracting Finance; (iv) Investment Banking; and (v) Treasury. 
For accounting purposes, the Group divides its business into the following primary reporting segments: (a) 
consumer banking (which reflects the consumer banking and home finance business lines); (b) corporate 
banking (which reflects the corporate banking, institutional and contracting finance business lines); (c) real 
estate development (which reflects real estate investment by subsidiaries such as Deyaar Development); (d) 
treasury (which reflects the treasury-related business line); and (e) others (comprising the Group's investments 
(including subsidiaries not specifically allocated to other segments), certain investment banking activities and 
unallocated internal assets and liabilities of the Group which are not related to those of its external customers). 
The table below shows a breakdown of certain statement of profit or loss information for each of the Group's 
reporting segments for each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
In each of 2021 and 2020, the Group changed the presentation of its segmental reporting and the figures for 
2020 have been amended to reflect the 2021 changes and those for 2019 have been amended to reflect the 
2020 changes. 
 
 
Consumer 
banking 
Corporate 
banking 
Treasury 
Real estate 
development 
Others 
 
(AED millions) 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Net operating revenue ................................. 
3,665 
3,163 
1,617 
230 
747

--- Page 104 ---
93 
 
 
Operating expenses ..................................... 
(1,119) 
(430) 
(89) 
(193) 
(698) 
Net operating income ................................ 
2,546 
2,733 
1,528 
37 
49 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Net operating revenue ................................. 
3,967 
3,217 
1,552 
194 
540 
Operating expenses ..................................... 
(1,266) 
(538) 
(122) 
(187) 
(615) 
Net operating income ................................ 
2,701 
2,679 
1,430 
7 
(75) 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Net operating revenue ................................. 
3,490 
3,428 
969 
253 
1,128 
Operating expenses ..................................... 
(1,116) 
(472) 
(97) 
(165) 
(508) 
Net operating income ................................ 
2,374 
2,955 
872 
88 
620 
The table below shows a breakdown of certain statement of financial position information for each of the 
Group's reporting segments as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
 
 
Consumer 
banking 
Corporate 
banking 
Treasury 
Real estate 
development 
Others 
 
(AED millions) 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets ............................................ 
48,547 
135,333 
45,304 
5,567 
44,330 
Segment liabilities ...................................... 
85,053 
122,408 
2,284 
632 
27,240 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets ............................................ 
49,490 
145,728 
39,408 
5,478 
49,453 
Segment liabilities ...................................... 
90,953 
115,430 
3,044 
1,072 
35,928 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Segment assets ............................................ 
38,765 
112,502 
35,967 
6,010 
38,552 
Segment liabilities ...................................... 
72,974 
93,864 
1,120 
1,215 
27,890 
Consumer Banking 
Consumer Banking is the largest business segment within the Group in terms of net operating income as at 31 
December 2021. The Group offers its retail and business banking services through a network of 55 branches 
spread across all of the Emirates and  nearly 600 automated teller machines (ATMs) across the UAE (each as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus) as well as through online and phone banking services (including mobile 
banking).  
The Group offers customers a broad range of retail products and services, including:  
 
Auto finance 
The Group's auto finance product finances vehicle purchasing for individuals and businesses in a 
Sharia-compliant manner. The Group has established itself as one of the leading providers of auto 
financing in the UAE.  
 
Sharia-compliant cards 
In pursuit of its strategy of growth through key strategic alliances, the Group continues to expand its 
product offerings through the expansion of its Sharia-compliant cards product portfolio. 
DIB offers co-branded credit cards with Emirates, which allows customers to earn Skywards Miles 
from Emirates on their card usage and redeem the miles for services from Emirates, including, travel 
insurance, Emirates silver status and lounge access. In addition, DIB’s mobile payments and digital 
wallet services enable both Samsung Pay and Apple Pay. 
 
Personal finance 
The Group's personal finance product caters to the personal financing needs of individuals, and is 
provided in the form of murabaha and ijara products to cater to all personal financing needs of 
customers. The Group also offers Al Islami Salam Finance, which provides customers with an upfront 
cash payment. The product is based on a fixed price sale contract whereby the customer gets the full 
price as a cash payment upfront and delivers the relevant goods on a deferred basis.

--- Page 105 ---
94 
 
 
 
Retail home finance 
As the leading home finance provider for both residential and commercial properties in the UAE, 
DIB's Home Finance provides the most comprehensive, unique and transparent offering across all 
seven Emirates. Customers can avail home finance for both freehold and non-freehold properties and 
can finance either ready or under-construction properties as well as obtain financing to self-construct 
their properties by themselves or through tie-ups with Government housing schemes. 
 
SME Business Solutions 
The Group’s "SME Business Solutions" suite of Sharia-compliant products and services support the 
growth of small- and medium-sized enterprises. The solutions offered are based on a combination of 
murabaha and salam-based structures. 
 
Investment funds 
The Group offers a range of Sharia-compliant investment products to suit its clients' investing needs 
across various asset classes, including cash, commodities, fixed income securities and equities. Along 
with structures developed in-house, the Group has also partnered with leading investment houses to 
provide a range of investment choices with varied currencies and maturities, exposures to different 
markets and capital protection options. 
 
IPO/capital markets subscription services 
The Group offers subscription services on selected IPOs. The Group provides this service to 
companies approved for investment in accordance with Sharia law. 
 
Wajaha private banking 
Wealth management services are provided through four exclusive Wajaha centres in Abu Dhabi, Al 
Ain, Dubai and Sharjah. These centres offer personal relationship managers, financial planning 
services and tailor-made products, as well as offering a number of other benefits which are exclusive 
to the Group's Wajaha clients, including international concierge services, travel insurance, ticket 
exchange and travel desk and cash services. 
 
Ayaan exclusive banking 
Ayaan exclusive banking targets high net worth customers, catering to their specific investment and 
financial needs. There are 11 Ayaan centres located across the UAE. 
 
Additional retail segments 
Consumer Banking also has additional business segments (broadly based on customer deposits) 
named Mumayyaz (effectively the upper mass segment), the mass segment and the lower mass 
segment. Specific offerings have been developed to cater to these segments. 
In addition to its 55 branches in the UAE, the Group also offers self-service electronic delivery channels such 
as online banking, phone banking, mobile application and e-branches: 
 
Online and phone banking 
The Group offers online and mobile telephone banking facilities, giving customers greater flexibility 
to deal with their accounts through a range of account enquiry and payment services. DIB’s mobile 
app offers over 90 services in dual language. The app is integrated with advanced customer-centric 
technologies. In 2018, both the online and phone banking offerings were significantly upgraded to 
provide customers with additional services and greater ease of use.

--- Page 106 ---
95 
 
 
 
e-branches 
In the Group's virtual branches, customers can utilise banking services such as ATMs, CDMs and 
instant cheque deposits, and an "internet kiosk" for secure online banking and phone banking which 
connects them to customer service agents. In addition, customers can make requests for manager 
cheques, demand drafts, SWIFT transfers, the issue of new cheque books, the re-issue of ATM cards, 
e-statement registrations, SMS banking registrations and applications for pre-designated fund 
transfers. The Group's e-branches also offer instant approvals for auto finance, personal finance and 
credit cards. 
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking is the second largest business segment within the Group in terms of net operating income 
as at 31 December 2021. The Group offers a range of Sharia-compliant solutions to its corporate clients in the 
UAE, the GCC and in other markets. Corporate Banking comprises the following teams (which are organised 
on both a geographical and product-specific basis): 
 
private sector (Dubai, Jebel Ali and Northern Emirates), which supports the Group's corporate clients 
based in and around Dubai and the Northern Emirates; 
 
public sector (Dubai region and Northern Emirates), which supports the Group's public sector clients 
based in and around Dubai and the Northern Emirates; 
 
corporate banking unit (Abu Dhabi), which supports and manages business from clients based in Abu 
Dhabi as well as adjoining areas and cities in the southern and eastern region (including Al Ain); and 
 
transaction banking unit, which provides specialist product advice (through the Ahlan Banking 
Service) to cater for clients' daily banking needs and handles customer queries, auto faxing and 
electronic reporting. Internet banking solutions for cash management and trade finance are also 
available on the Al Islamic connect platform. 
The Group believes that the strengths of Corporate Banking are: 
 
its in-depth specialisation within the UAE and GCC sectors; 
 
its deep understanding of its customers' businesses; 
 
the comprehensive and innovative range of services and strategic, solution-driven capabilities offered 
to its corporate clients (see below); and 
 
innovative financial solutions covering corporate finance, investment banking, capital markets and 
syndications products, project finance, trade and commodity finance, treasury and corporate banking, 
international banking services and securities. 
The Group has designed and implemented a range of modern, Islamic financing instruments which are 
intended to meet the needs of its corporate clients. The products offered by Corporate Banking include goods 
financing and specific Islamic financing products such as ijara financing, mudaraba financing and 
wakala/wakala murabaha financing to cater to its clients' trade, working capital and medium- to long-term 
financing requirements. The categories of products and services offered by Corporate Banking are: 
 
financial products and solutions, which include murabaha, mudaraba and musharaka products 
tailored to the needs of the Group's wholesale banking customers; 
 
trade finance services, which provides an extensive range of trade-related services covering sectors 
such as manufacturing, services, construction, retail and transportation; and 
 
Transaction Banking Solutions, covering the cash management and trade products described below to 
address the needs of the Group's corporate customers across the working capital cycle. Value addition

--- Page 107 ---
96 
 
 
from these products is achieved through increased profitability, process efficiencies, risk mitigation 
and enhanced controls: 
 
liquidity and investment management (including a separate institutional liabilities unit with 
dedicated relationship managers); 
 
payments and collections (delivered through electronic and physical channels with a focus on 
customised solutions such as escrow and structured receivables management); 
 
information services (customised integrated enterprise resource planning (ERP) solutions and 
an online platform, Al Islami Connect, to perform online account management, electronic 
payments and generate reports); 
 
trade services (a full range of import and export services as well as structured solutions); and 
 
the Ahlan Banking Service, a dedicated customer service unit to handle all day to day 
operating account transactions. 
Corporate Banking manages various relationships (including middle market, contracting finance and real 
estate finance companies) and is instrumental in leveraging its client relationships to cross-sell other products 
offered by the Group, including investment banking and treasury services. 
Real Estate & Contracting Finance 
Real estate finance 
Historically, the Group has been one of the leading providers of real estate finance services in the UAE. The 
Group played a significant role in supporting corporate real estate developments, including the construction 
of commercial property and residential estates. The real estate finance group is managed by a specialist team 
with extensive experience in this field. 
Standard Islamic financing products offered include istisna financing, murabaha acquisition finance, 
diminishing musharaka and ijara lease financing. 
Contracting finance 
The contracting finance group provides financing to contractors executing building, electrical and mechanical 
infrastructure works across a range of sectors (including the oil, gas, power and water sectors). The contracting 
finance group's customer base includes local, regional and international construction groups, and the 
contracting finance group has supported its customers in executing many prestigious projects within the UAE 
and regionally in the GCC and in many other Arab countries. 
The product range offered by the contracting finance group includes Islamic financing products such as 
mudaraba, murabaha, Ijara, letters of guarantee and letters of credit (LCs). DIB believes that the Group's 
large underwriting capability and its close association with other local and international banks allows it to 
support the majority of its clients' projects. 
Investment Banking 
Investment Banking is a leading regional and global participant in the Islamic finance markets, assisting its 
clients, which include sovereigns, government-related entities, corporates and financial institutions, with every 
aspect of their funding requirements. 
Investment Banking's dedicated professionals provide innovative Sharia-compliant capital raising and 
structured financing solutions in line with evolving customer requirements and market conditions. Its 
diversified product suite includes a wide range with particular focus on sukuk structuring and execution and 
syndicated and club financing transactions that are configured and documented in accordance with the 
principles of Sharia. Investment Banking also offers a comprehensive suite of structured finance services, such 
as mezzanine and structured equity, asset monetisation, leveraged recapitalisation and advisory.

--- Page 108 ---
97 
 
 
Investment Banking has pioneered the Islamic debt capital markets and has been involved in the capacity of 
joint lead manager and bookrunner in most of the landmark international sukuk issuances, with DIB 
consistently ranking within the top five globally in the Bloomberg sukuk league tables. DIB has also been a 
leading significant player in the syndicated financing market, acting as mandated lead arranger and bookrunner 
to work closely with local and international banks. 
Treasury 
Treasury forms an essential part of the Group's commitment to the Sharia-compliant investment banking 
industry. Treasury offers a comprehensive range of products backed by the Group's expert understanding of 
local and international markets. Treasury works closely with Corporate Banking and Consumer Banking and 
also engages in Islamic derivatives business. Its principal customers are the Group's corporate customers, 
financial institutions, high net worth individuals, SME companies and similar businesses. The products offered 
to these customers include: plain vanilla currency contracts, flexible delivery currency contracts, profit-
enhanced products, multi-currency hedging instruments and other bespoke Sharia-compliant financial 
solutions. 
Treasury is also responsible for building and maintaining relationships with the financial institutions sector 
across the globe in order to assist with smooth trade inflows and outflows. Relations range from authenticated 
communication links by way of SWIFT RMA to trade, treasury and account maintenance in different 
currencies. The Group's network of correspondent banks comprises leading financial institutions which 
provide trade services, which are intended to add value and service to the Group's branches and business units. 
The Group's correspondent banks offer one or more of the following services: remittance and payments, 
advisory and confirmations. 
Treasury also manages the Group's liquidity requirements, sukuk investment portfolio and funding through 
the capital markets, and acts under the supervision of the Asset and Liability Management Committee 
(ALCO). Asset and liability management is conducted by Treasury in accordance with Central Bank liquidity 
ratios. Treasury is also responsible for the implementation of risk management initiatives as directed by 
ALCO. 
SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 20 consolidated material subsidiaries (and 17 special purpose 
vehicles) details of which are set out in note 17 to the 2021 Financial Statements. As at 31 December 2021, 
the Group also had eight significant associates and joint ventures. Of these, the Group considers the following 
to be its most important subsidiaries and associates in terms of revenue and future growth potential:  
Tamweel P.S.C. 
Tamweel was established in Dubai in November 2000 and is the specialist mortgage financing institution for 
the Group. Tamweel's core business is the provision of Sharia-compliant home financing solutions to real 
estate buyers in the UAE. Tamweel is licensed by the Central Bank to operate as an Islamic finance company. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group owned 92.0 per cent. of the share capital in Tamweel. 
DIB Pakistan 
DIB Pakistan was incorporated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group in 2006. It currently has 235 
branches and express centres in 68 cities across Pakistan. DIB Pakistan's team comprises experienced 
professionals with previous experience at leading banks (situated within and outside Pakistan). DIB Pakistan 
offers a full range of Sharia-compliant banking products in consumer banking, corporate and investment 
banking and wealth management. DIB Pakistan had share capital of Pakistani Rupee (PR) 11,652 million 
(U.S.$73 million) as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2021, DIB Pakistan's net assets were PR 27,567 
million (U.S.$155 million) compared to PR 24,624 million (U.S.$154 million) as at 31 December 2020. For 
the year ended 31 December 2021, DIB Pakistan's profit after taxation was PR 3,089 million (U.S.$717 
million) compared to its profit after taxation of PR 2,894 million (U.S.$18 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2020. For the purposes of this paragraph: (i) DIB Pakistan's financial information has been extracted

--- Page 109 ---
98 
 
 
from the audited financial statements of DIB Pakistan as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which 
are available on its website at https://www.dibpak.com/index.php/financials/); and (ii) PR amounts have been 
converted into U.S. dollars based on the closing rates on dates stated. 
Deyaar Development 
Deyaar Development was incorporated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group in 2002 and engages in 
real estate development and property management business in the UAE. As at 31 December 2021, the Group 
owned 44.9 per cent. of the share capital in Deyaar Development (which is a fully consolidated subsidiary). 
As at 31 December 2021, Deyaar Development's total assets were AED 5,792 million (U.S.$1,577 million) 
compared to AED 5,585 million (U.S.$1,521 million) as at 31 December 2020. For the year ended 31 
December 2021, Deyaar Development's net profit was AED 51 million (U.S.$14 million) compared to a net 
loss of AED 217 million (U.S.$59 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020. Deyaar Development's 
authorised and paid up capital was AED 5,778 million (U.S.$1,573 million) as at 31 December 2021. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, Deyaar Development's financial information has been extracted from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Deyaar Development as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(which are available on its website at https://www.deyaar.ae/en/financial-results). 
Dar Al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC 
Dar Al Sharia was incorporated as a subsidiary of the Group in 2007 and has expertise in all types of Sharia 
advisory, certification, product structuring, restructuring and documentation, conversion of conventional 
financial institutions as well as providing a full range of products for new Islamic financial institutions and 
specialising in the structuring and documentation of Sukuk, Islamic syndications and Islamic funds to the 
market in general (see "– Fatwa and Sharia Supervisory Board" below). As at 31 December 2021, the Group 
owned 100 per cent. of the issued share capital of Dar Al Sharia.  
Bank Panin Syariah 
The core principle behind the Group's growth strategy in key strategic international markets is to connect East 
Asia and South Asia with East Africa through Dubai. In accordance with this principle, known internally as 
'PIK', which stands for 'Pakistan, Indonesia, Kenya', the Group has established hubs in Pakistan, Indonesia 
and Kenya and is looking to strengthen these hubs in the coming years and connect them to other regions and 
countries that fall within the PIK triangle. 
As part of the PIK strategy, the Group acquired a 24.9 per cent. stake in Bank Panin Syariah in May 2014 
which, as at 31 December 2021, was 25.1 per cent. The Group provides technical assistance to Bank Panin 
Syariah in a bid to increase Sharia banking in Indonesia through the introduction of new and innovative 
products and services. As at 31 December 2021, Bank Panin Syariah operates through a network of 10 
branches and five Sharia bank services at conventional bank branches (with its head office located at Panin 
Life Center Building, Jakarta, Indonesia) that offer Islamic banking services in the country. 
DIB Bank Kenya 
As part of the PIK strategy, the Group obtained an 'in principal' approval from the Central Bank of Kenya in 
December 2014 to establish a Sharia-compliant bank in Kenya, and accordingly, expand its business to cover 
East Africa. In April 2017, the Group obtained a banking licence from the Central Bank of Kenya to operate 
DIB Bank Kenya as a wholly-owned subsidiary and DIB Bank Kenya commenced commercial operations on 
5 June 2017. DIB Bank Kenya offers an extensive range of Sharia-compliant products and services. With its 
head office in Nairobi, DIB Bank Kenya operates through a network of six branches in Kenya.  
ACQUISITION AND INTEGRATION OF NOOR BANK 
The Group acquired control of Noor Bank in January 2020 and by the end of October 2020, Noor Bank was 
fully integrated within the Group and all banking relationships had been successfully migrated into DIB.  The 
acquisition of Noor Bank resulted in a bargain purchase gain of AED 1,015 million being recorded in the 
Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 110 ---
99 
 
 
IMPACT OF COVID-19 
DIB's strategic response to COVID-19 focussed on protecting its franchise through preserving the Group's 
asset quality, concentrating on low-risk assets and sectors and maximising the integration synergies following 
its acquisition of Noor Bank.  In 2020, DIB shifted its focus towards sovereign-backed transactions, typically 
by quasi-government or government-related entities. This shift in strategy ensured that the risk profile was 
appropriately managed while protecting DIB's franchise. 
DIB supported its eligible retail customers through special finance postponement schemes as well as waivers 
and benefits on various consumer products. It also supported its eligible SME and corporate customers through 
deferment of finance with no additional charges for existing customers, low profit rates, reduced processing 
fees and simplified documentation processes.  
In addition, DIB provided relief measures of nearly AED 9.7 billion across more than 55,000 customers as 
part of the Central Bank's Targeted Economic Support Scheme (TESS) programme.  See further, note 49.1 to 
the 2021 Financial Statements. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 25 October 2022, the Group published its review report and the 2022 Interim Financial Information. 
The Group's total income in the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 amounted to AED 9,873 million 
compared to AED 8,946 million in the corresponding period of 2021. The AED 927 million, or 10.4 per cent., 
increase in the Group's total income in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period principally reflected 
strong business volumes and an improving profit rate environment. 
The Group's operating expenses in the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 amounted to AED 2,040 
million compared to AED 1,874 million in the corresponding period of 2021. The AED 167 million, or 8.9 
per cent., increase principally reflected higher staff cost and other operating expenses in line with the current 
market trends. 
The Group's impairment charges, net in the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 amounted to AED 
1,450 million compared to AED 2,174 million in the corresponding period of 2021. The AED 724 million, or 
33.3 per cent., decrease principally reflected improving macro-economic conditions and an improvement in 
the credit quality of the Group’s financing portfolio. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group reported net profit for the nine month period ended 30 September 2022 
of AED 4,101 million (U.S.$1,117 million) compared to AED 3,069 million (U.S.$836 million) for the nine 
month period ended 30 September 2021. 
ISLAMIC FINANCING AND INVESTING ASSETS 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's gross Islamic financing and investing assets by product 
type as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
Islamic financing assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
International murabaha (long term) .................. 
30,847 
17 
49,226 
25 
27,174 
18 
Vehicles murabaha ........................................... 
8,312 
4 
8,739 
4 
8,800 
6 
Other murabaha ................................................ 
5,436 
3 
6,356 
3 
4,448 
3 
Total murabaha .............................................. 
44,594 
24 
64,321 
33 
40,423 
27 
Istisna'a ............................................................. 
798 
0 
874 
0 
1,090 
1 
Ijara .................................................................. 
58,171 
31 
59,620 
30 
52,259 
35 
Home finance – Ijara ........................................ 
21,497 
12 
20,770 
11 
14,358 
10 
Islamic credit cards ........................................... 
2,077 
1 
1,954 
1 
1,492 
1

--- Page 111 ---
100 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
(AED  
millions) 
% 
Personal finance ............................................... 
20,285 
11 
20,694 
11 
18,795 
12 
147,422 
79 
168,232 
86 
128,416 
85 
Less: deferred income ...................................... 
(3,552) 
(2) 
(3,708) 
(2) 
(3,727) 
(2) 
Less: contractors and consultants' istisna 
contracts ........................................................... 
(7) 
(0) 
(7) 
(0) 
(7) 
(0) 
Total Islamic financing assets ........................ 
143,862 
77 
164,518 
84 
124,683 
83 
Islamic investing assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Musharaka ........................................................ 
6,401 
3 
6,711 
3 
7,115 
5 
Mudaraba .......................................................... 
9,919 
5 
9,765 
5 
11,134 
7 
Wakala .............................................................. 
35,434 
19 
24,096 
12 
14,062 
9 
Total Islamic investing assets ........................ 
51,754 
28 
40,572 
21 
32,311 
21 
Total Islamic financing and investment 
assets ................................................................ 
195,617 
105 
205,090 
104 
156,994 
104 
Less: provisions for impairment ....................... 
(8,926) 
(5) 
(8,401) 
(4) 
(6,081) 
(4) 
Total Islamic financing and investment 
assets, net ......................................................... 
186,691 
100 
196,689 
100 
150,913 
100 
The Group's total portfolio of Islamic financing and investing assets (net of provisions) was AED 186,691 
million (U.S.$50,835 million) as at 31 December 2021, a decrease of 5 per cent. from AED 196,689 million 
(U.S.$53,557 million) as at 31 December 2020, which was an increase of 30 per cent. from AED 150,913 
million (U.S.$41,093 million) as at 31 December 2019. The decrease as at 31 December 2021 compared to 31 
December 2020 principally reflected the impact of material early settlements for few customers. The increase 
as at 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019 principally reflected the acquisition of Noor Bank in 
January 2020 and organic growth. The distribution of the Group's total portfolio of Islamic financing assets 
across economic sectors is oriented towards consumer financing (including consumer home financing), 
services, real estate, aviation, government, trade, financial institutions and contracting, which is in line with 
the domestic economy. 
A description of the concentrations in the Group's Islamic financing and investing assets portfolio is set out 
below under "– Risk Management – Credit Risk – Portfolio concentrations". 
As at 31 December 2021, 6 per cent. of the Group's total Islamic financing and investing assets portfolio was 
located outside the UAE. The Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control the 
risks associated with this portfolio and other market risks to which the Group is exposed, see "– Risk 
Management" below. 
INVESTMENTS IN ISLAMIC SUKUK AND OTHER INVESTMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR 
VALUE 
The Group maintains a sukuk portfolio of high credit quality. This portfolio is concentrated in the GCC (see 
further note 10 to each of the Audited Financial Statements) and, in particular, 46 per cent. of the sukuk 
portfolio (before provisions for impairment) was concentrated in the UAE as at 31 December 2021. 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Group's investment portfolio (including its sukuk portfolio) as at 
31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Investments in sukuk 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amortised cost.................................................. 
41,287 
99 
34,321 
97 
33,244 
100 
Fair value .......................................................... 
507 
1 
1,034 
3 
- 
- 
41,794 
100 
35,355 
100 
33,244 
100

--- Page 112 ---
101 
 
 
Other investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments carried at FVTPL(1)....................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Investments carried at FVTOCI(2) .................... 
1,229 
100 
1,111 
100 
1,266 
100 
1,229 
100 
1,111 
100 
1,266 
100 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Fair value through profit or loss. 
(2) 
Fair value through other comprehensive income. 
FUNDING 
The table below shows the sources of the Group's funding as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Customers' deposits .......................................... 
205,845 
76 
205,925 
73 
164,418 
74 
Due to banks and financial institutions............. 
2,584 
1 
13,496 
5 
9,147 
4 
Sukuk issued ..................................................... 
20,563 
8 
18,744 
7 
14,852 
7 
Total equity ...................................................... 
41,465 
15 
43,130 
15 
34,732 
16 
Total funding .................................................. 
270,456 
100 
281,295 
100 
223,149 
100 
Customers' deposits and due to banks and financial institutions 
The Group's customer's deposits and bank deposits (recorded as due to banks and financial institutions in its 
consolidated statement of financial position) together totalled AED 208,429 million (U.S.$56,754 million), 
AED 219,421 million (U.S.$59,747 million) and AED 173,565 million (U.S.$47,261 million) as at 31 
December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. The Group's customers' deposits 
represented 99 per cent., 94 per cent. and 95 per cent., respectively, of its total bank and customers' deposits 
as at those dates. 
The Group's principal source of funding is its customers' deposits. The table below shows a breakdown of the 
Group's customer deposits as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED millions) 
Customers' deposits 
 
 
 
Current accounts..................................................................... 
49,074 
50,246 
32,033 
Saving accounts ...................................................................... 
40,721 
35,594 
22,043 
Investment deposits ................................................................ 
115,705 
119,643 
109,848 
Margin accounts ..................................................................... 
289 
373 
383 
Depositors' investment risk reserve ........................................ 
18 
14 
14 
Depositors' share of profit payable ......................................... 
38 
54 
96 
Total ....................................................................................... 
205,845 
205,925 
164,418 
Sukuk issued 
Sukuk issuance by DIB under the Programme 
In May 2012, DIB, through a Sharia-compliant financing arrangement, established the Programme. As at 31 
December 2021, DIB had five series of certificates outstanding under the Programme, with an aggregate 
outstanding amount of AED 18,546 million.  The outstanding sukuk have expected profit rates of between 
1.96 per cent. and 3.66 per cent. and mature between February 2022 and June 2026.

--- Page 113 ---
102 
 
 
Sukuk issuance by subsidiaries of DIB 
In 2017, DIB Pakistan issued its rated, unsecured, subordinated and privately placed Tier-II Mudaraba sukuk. 
The sukuk issue is rated A+ by JCR-VIS Credit Rating Company Limited. The sukuk issue has a 10 year tenor 
and carries an expected profit rate of 50 basis points per annum over the six month Karachi Interbank Offered 
Rate. The sukuk issue is redeemable at maturity and has a call option which is exercisable after five years.  
In 2018, DIB Pakistan issued its rated, unsecured, subordinated and privately placed Additional Tier 1 
Mudaraba sukuk. The sukuk issue is rated A+ by VIS Credit Rating Company Limited (formerly JCR-VIS 
Credit Rating Company Limited). The sukuk issue is a perpetual instrument and carries an expected profit rate 
of 1.75 per cent. per annum over the three month Karachi Interbank Offered Rate.  It also has a call option 
which is exercisable after five years. 
Following the acquisition of Noor Bank in January 2020, the U.S.$500 million Trust Certificates issued by 
Noor Sukuk Company Limited (the Noor Bank Certificates) became liabilities of the Group. In October 
2020, the holders of the Noor Bank Certificates agreed that DIB would be substituted for Noor Bank under 
the transaction documents relating to the Noor Bank Certificates.  The Noor Bank Certificates mature in April 
2023 and carry a profit rate of 4.47 per cent. 
Total equity 
The Group's equity funding takes the form of its share capital and reserves (including retained earnings) and 
its Tier 1 sukuk issued which are accounted as equity.  As at 31 December 2021, the Group's share capital and 
reserves (including retained earnings) amounted to AED 30,602 million and its Tier 1 sukuk amounted to 
AED 8,264 million. 
Tier 1 sukuk issuances 
The Group has issued Tier 1 sukuk, which are accounted as equity, through Sharia-compliant structures. The 
outstanding Tier 1 sukuk as at 31 December 2021 are set out in the table below.  
 
 
SPV (the Issuer) 
Date of 
issuance  
Issuance amount 
Equivalent AED 
'000 
Discretionary profit 
rate 
Callable 
period 
DIB Tier 1 Sukuk (3) Limited ... 
January 2019 
2,754,750 
(U.S.$ 750 million) 
6.25% per annum to be 
paid semi-annually 
On or after 
January 2025 
DIB Tier 1 Sukuk (4) Limited 
November 
2020 
3,673,000  
(U.S.$ 1 billion) 
4.63% per annum to be 
paid semi-annually 
On or after 
May 2026 
DIB Tier 1 Sukuk (5) Limited ... 
April 2021 
1,836,500 
(U.S.$500 million) 
3.38% per annum to be 
paid semi-annually 
On or after 
October 2026 
The Tier 1 sukuk are perpetual securities in respect of which there are no fixed redemption dates and which 
constitute direct, unsecured, subordinated and conditional payment obligations (senior only to share capital), 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant mudaraba agreement. In the case of each issuance, at the 
relevant issuer's sole discretion, it may elect not to make any mudaraba profit distributions and the event is 
not considered a dissolution event. In such event, the mudaraba profit will not be accumulated but forfeited to 
the relevant issuer. Each Tier 1 sukuk issuance is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and the 
sukuk issued in January 2019 and April 2021 are also listed on Nasdaq Dubai.  
The net proceeds of the Tier 1 sukuk are invested by way of mudaraba with DIB (as mudareb), on an 
unrestricted co-mingling basis, in DIB's general business activities carried out through its general mudaraba 
pool. 
Repo facility 
In the event of a liquidity crisis, the Group has a large portfolio of rated sukuk that could be used as collateral 
for repo facilities provided by the Central Bank as part of its measures intended to ensure that UAE banks

--- Page 114 ---
103 
 
 
have sufficient liquidity including, in particular, through access to the Central Bank's Islamic-compliant CD 
repo facility. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Group calculates its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the capital adequacy regulations, standards 
and guidelines issued by the Central Bank in line with Basel III requirements (see further "The United Arab 
Emirates Banking Sector and Regulations – Recent Trends in Banking – Capital adequacy"). The Central 
Bank introduced the Basel III Regulations (as defined herein) introducing minimum capital requirements at 
three levels: common equity tier 1 (CET1), tier 1 and total capital. The Group must maintain a minimum 
CET1 ratio of 7 per cent. and a total capital ratio of at least 13.5 per cent. (including the buffers referred to 
below). 
The Central Bank has also introduced capital buffers which must be maintained in addition to the minimum 
CET1 requirement of 7 per cent.: (i) the Group is currently required to maintain a capital conservation buffer 
(CCB) of 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets and a domestic systemically important bank buffer (D-SIBB) 
of 0.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets; and (ii) a countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB), which must be 
maintained at a level determined by the Central Bank between 0 – 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets. The 
CCyB is not yet in effect and was not required to be maintained in 2021. Therefore, the combined buffer 
requirement applicable to the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises only the CCB and the D-
SIBB.  
With effect from 15 March 2020 until 31 December 2021, banks in the UAE were allowed to tap into their 
CCB up to a maximum of 60 per cent. and to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIBB without supervisory 
consequences, as part of the measures adopted by the Central Bank to help UAE banks deal with the COVID-
19 crisis. As the Group’s regulatory capital ratios were comfortably higher than the required capital ratios, the 
Group did not utilise this facility. Despite Covid-19 relaxations, the Group’s CAR always had a substantial 
buffer beyond the minimum requirement. .  
The table below shows the Group's capital ratios determined in accordance with Basel III as at 31 December 
2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED millions, except percentages) 
Capital base .............................................................................. 
39,138 
41,427 
31,331 
Risk weighted assets 
 
 
 
Credit risk ................................................................................. 
208,730 
204,934 
172,474 
Market risk ............................................................................... 
3,100 
2,582 
2,159 
Operational risk ........................................................................ 
16,991 
16,564 
14,922 
Risk weighted assets ............................................................... 
228,820 
224,080 
189,555 
Risk asset ratio 
 
 
 
Tier 1 capital ratio .................................................................... 
16.0% 
17.3% 
15.4% 
Capital adequacy ratio .............................................................. 
17.1% 
18.5% 
16.5% 
Common equity tier 1 ratio ...................................................... 
12.4% 
12.0% 
12.0% 
RELATED PARTIES 
Certain related parties (principally major shareholders, associated companies, directors and senior 
management of DIB and companies of which they are principal owners) are customers of the Group in the 
ordinary course of business. The transactions with these parties were made on substantially the same terms, 
including profit and commission rates, as the case may be, and the requirements for collateral, as those 
prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties and did not involve an amount 
of risk which was more than the amount of risk relating to such comparable transactions. No impairment 
allowances have been recognised against financing and investing assets extended to such related parties.

--- Page 115 ---
104 
 
 
The table below shows the amounts outstanding as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 in respect of transactions entered into by the Group with related parties: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(AED millions) 
Islamic financing and investing assets ....................................... 
1,678 
1,905 
1,691 
Investment in Islamic sukuk....................................................... 
157 
158 
557 
Customers' deposits .................................................................... 
2,511 
2,293 
2,290 
Contingent liabilities and commitments ..................................... 
47 
1 
1 
The table below shows income earned from and profit paid to related parties in each of the years ended 31 
December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED millions) 
Income from Islamic financing and investing ...........................  
38 
46 
66 
Income from investment in Islamic sukuk ................................  
7 
13 
27 
Depositors' share of profits ........................................................  
24 
37 
94 
See further, note 43 to each of the Audited Financial Statements. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
Driven by international and country-specific sustainability initiatives and committed leadership, DIB’s overall 
sustainability approach is expected to be governed under a proposed bank-wide ESG governance structure and 
sustainability medium-term strategy. 
In 2021, DIB was awarded ‘Best ESG Strategy’ by the MEA Finance Award, an approach defined under five 
ESG-compliant pillars: 
 
ethics and integrity; 
 
thriving workplace; 
 
positive community impact; 
 
environmental stewardship; and 
 
sustainable finance and investments. 
DIB has participated in nearly U.S.$6 billion of green Islamic capital market transactions and has become 
increasingly active in the issuance of ESG sukuk since 2018. DIB is committed to driving sustainability by 
financing companies and projects that are at the forefront of the energy transition in the UAE. In addition, the 
key areas of focus for DIB in its social development agenda are affordable housing and support to SMEs. 
DIB has donated over AED 245 million of charitable contributions to individuals and 24 charities and non-
governmental organisations in the UAE across four impact areas: quality education; good health; affordable 
housing; and community support. DIB maps its impact to the following seven United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals through its business activities and charitable contributions: good health and well-being, 
quality education, gender equality, decent work and economic growth, reduced inequalities, climate action, 
and peace, justice and strong institutions. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
In the current digital era, DIB recognises the importance of technology in building the Group's business 
capabilities with the ambition of accomplishing its objectives of growth, expansion and competitive market 
positioning. Technology is at the core of the Group's strategy and for that reason a digital technology roadmap 
is embedded within its business plans.

--- Page 116 ---
105 
 
 
The Group's IT capabilities aim to provide state of the art customer engagement platforms, integrated with 
robust, scalable data, analytics and core banking systems, supported by advanced artificial intelligence and 
machine learning capabilities as discussed under “Strategy –DIGITAL Transformation”, hosted on highly 
resilient cloud-enabled data centres. This is to ensure the delivery of a flawless experience to customers.  
Through its IT, the Group aspires to provide its businesses with a continuous competitive advantage and for 
that purpose it has a robust transformation plan that is committed to deliver operational efficiencies, 
productivity and high quality risk management competences.   
COMPLIANCE 
The Group has a compliance function in place, which is headed by an experienced chief compliance officer 
(the GCCO). The GCCO reports to the Group CEO of DIB, has direct access to the Board through the Board 
Risk, Compliance & Governance Committee and also has access to the board committees, as and when 
required. The GCCO is responsible for coordinating and overseeing the effective implementation of 
compliance programme and policies across the Group. 
The Group's compliance policies focus on meeting the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, and 
adopting international best practices. The policies have been devised to prevent exposure to various risks 
(including money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions). They also aim to ensure compliance with 
sanction programmes including but not limited to those of the UAE, the United States, the United Nations and 
the EU.  
The Group follows a risk-based approach and conducts risk-based assessments in respect of all of its activities 
and provides advice to all of its UAE-based branches and financial subsidiaries to ensure compliance with the 
applicable laws and regulations. DIB requires that its Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter Financing of 
Terrorism (CFT), Client Acceptance, FATCA and Common Reporting Standard (CRS) policies and practices 
are adopted by all branches and financial subsidiaries within the Group. 
The Group also carries out enhanced due diligence on customers who are classified as high risk (including 
Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs)) at the time of onboarding and subsequently at the time of know your 
customer (KYC) renewals of existing customers. The Group also monitors transaction activity tp detect 
unusual customer transactions. 
DIB has significantly upgraded its compliance staff skill set and capacity and is committed to further 
strengthening its compliance function in line with regulatory expectations. 
INTERNAL AUDIT 
Group Internal Audit, headed by the Group Chief of Internal Audit, is an independent, objective assurance and 
consultancy function, designed to support the Bank in accomplishing its objectives by bringing a systematic 
auditing approach to evaluate the effectiveness of risk management, control and governance processes.  
Group Internal Audit, as a third line of defence function, is organisationally independent from all other 
functions in the Bank and accountable to provide independent assurance to the Board of Directors through the 
Board Audit Committee. To ensure organisational independence, the Group Chief of Internal Audit reports 
administratively to Group Chief Executive Officer and functionally to the Board Audit Committee.  
The scope of the internal audit activities encompasses, but is not limited to, objective examinations of evidence 
for the purpose of providing an independent evaluation of the adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of the 
internal control system, risk management and compliance activities, and governance systems and processes of 
the Bank, its subsidiaries and branches. 
BUSINESS CONTINUITY PLANNING AND DISASTER RECOVERY 
The Group has implemented business continuity planning (BCP) and disaster recovery (DR) systems to 
prepare for unexpected business disruption events. Business continuity testing is carried out on an annual basis 
for all of the Group's critical systems. In addition, each year a plan is put in place to perform DR drills for

--- Page 117 ---
106 
 
 
such critical systems. The Group reviews its BCP and DR capabilities on an ongoing basis and updates them 
to include the latest technologies and handle any new threats to the Group's business.  
The Group's BCP policy is derived from a number of BCP best practices, including the UAE local standard, 
ISO 22301 and the British standard. The Group has also adopted the BCP guidelines of the Central Bank.  
The Group has set-up dedicated business continuity sites at a number of different locations within the UAE. 
The Group's DR site is also kept separate and distant from its primary IT systems site. The Group also complies 
with the UAE's local emergency management practices. The Group has enhanced its BCP capacity by adding 
work from home framework as an additional tool to the business continuity infrastructure. 
The Group's crisis management committee is responsible for managing BCP and DR within the Group. The 
committee also oversees the handling of any cyber incidents within DIB. 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
Overview 
In October 2022, DIB published its Sustainable Finance Framework (the Framework) on its website 
(https://www.dib.ae/docs/default-source/disclosures/dib-sustainable-finance-framework-2022.pdf), 
which 
was created to facilitate the financing of green and social initiatives and projects. DIB is the first Islamic bank 
in the UAE to publish such a framework. 
Under the Framework, DIB will finance projects with environmental benefits in eligible project categories 
such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean transportation, green buildings, pollution prevention and 
control and sustainable water and wastewater management, as well as supporting social initiatives that promote 
employment generation, affordable housing and access to essential services.  
DIB believes the Framework supports its commitment to driving sustainability by financing companies and 
projects that are at the forefront of the energy transition in the UAE. Prior to the creation of the Framework, 
DIB had already launched a number of innovative sustainable finance offerings, such as a green auto finance 
offering specifically for electric and hybrid vehicles and its bespoke housing financing solutions to provide 
affordable housing in the UAE. The Framework is expected to allow DIB to accelerate these efforts by 
permitting it to raise sustainable financing across multiple formats in the future.   
Use of the Framework 
DIB intends to use the Framework as the basis to issue Green, Social or Sustainability Sukuk and other 
Financing instruments (together “Sustainable Financing Instruments”). The Sustainable Financing 
Instruments will fund Eligible Sustainable Projects (as defined below) that conform to the sustainable finance 
principles of: 
 
the ICMA GBPs 2021, SBPs 2021 and SBGs 2021; and/or 
 
the LMA GLPs 2021 and SLPs 2021. 
In aligning with the above principles and guidelines, the Framework is presented through the four core 
components of the GBPs, SBPs, SBGs, GLPs and SLPs as well as their recommendation for external review, 
as discussed under the four headings below. 
Use of proceeds 
DIB will allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of the Sustainable Financing Instruments 
issued under the Framework to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, sustainable projects which meet 
the eligibility criteria of the eligible green project and/or eligible social project categories (Eligible 
Sustainable Projects) described below. A maximum three-year look-back period applies for refinanced 
projects and DIB expects each issue under the Framework to be fully allocated within two years from the date 
of issuance.

--- Page 118 ---
107 
 
 
Eligible green projects 
Eligibility criteria 
Renewable energy 
Projects related to the production, transmission and storage of energy from (i) 
solar (PV and concentrated solar power (with a minimum 85 per cent. of power 
generation derived from solar sources), (ii) wind energy (including onshore and 
offshore), (iii) biofuels produced from waste sources, such as used cooking oil 
and (iv) biomass from sustainable sources of local raw material only (such as 
agricultural residues or forestry) which does not deplete existing terrestrial 
carbon pools or compete with food production. 
Also projects related to the production of green hydrogen projects with storage 
and distribution and research and development. 
Energy efficiency 
Projects that reduce energy consumption by at least 20 per cent. compared to the 
average of national energy consumption of an equivalent project or technology, 
such as (i) district cooling systems, (ii) upgrades in grid infrastructure to 
improve electricity transmission efficiency and reduce transmission losses and 
(iii) investment in smart energy grids, energy meters, management systems and 
battery storage facilities. Improvement activities that result in the lock in of 
fossil fuel technologies will be excluded. 
Clean transportation 
Financing related to electric and low carbon vehicles meeting defined criteria 
and associated infrastructure for public, passenger and freight transportation, 
including auto financing programmes.  
Also projects supporting the deployment of electric vehicles including charging 
infrastructure. 
Green buildings 
Projects related to the acquisition, development, construction and refurbishment 
of buildings that are either in the top 15 per cent. in terms of energy efficiency 
of their local market or have received, or are expected to receive based on their 
design, construction and operational plans, certification according to third-party 
verified green building standards, including (i) LEED “Gold” or above, (ii) 
BREEAM “Excellent” or above, (iii) Estidama Pearl Building Rating System (4 
Pearl and above) and (iv) Global Sustainability Assessment System (GSAS) “4 
star” or above. 
Pollution prevention 
and control 
Projects related to construction, upgrade and renovation of facilities for the 
collection, sorting, processing, conversion and treatment of waste, including (i) 
waste collection and storage, (ii) waste sorting, separation and material 
recovery, (iii) recycling and reuse, (iv) biological treatment facilities (including 
anaerobic digestion and composting facilities) and (v) waste to energy plants, 
where recyclables are sorted and there is bottom ash recovery. 
Sustainable water and 
wastewater management 
Projects related to the construction, operation, maintenance or upgrade of water 
collection, recycling, transportation and treatment technologies, including (i) 
water and wastewater treatment plants (WWTP) including reuse of WWTP 
effluents and (ii) sewer systems and pumping stations. 
Also projects that increase water use efficiency by at least 20 per cent., such as 
water recycling and reuse projects, water saving systems, water saving 
technologies and water metering. 
Also water desalination projects running on reverse osmosis technology with a 
maximum specified carbon intensity over the residual asset life.  
Eligible social projects 
Eligibility criteria

--- Page 119 ---
108 
 
 
Employment generation 
and programmes 
designed to prevent 
and/or alleviate 
unemployment stemming 
from socio-economic 
crises 
Financing and/or refinancing to SME and microfinance clients, as well as the 
provision of support measures to these clients, such as offering extension of 
payment periods and exemption of facility fees during natural disasters and 
pandemics. 
Affordable housing 
Financing and/or refinancing of government-supported or government-
subsidised mortgages for the provision of affordable housing as well as projects 
related to the development and construction of homes covered under such 
programmes. 
Access to essential 
services 
Projects related to (i) the construction or expansion of public hospitals and 
schools for the provision of not-for-profit, free or subsidised healthcare and 
education, (ii) the provision / distribution of healthcare equipment and public 
healthcare services, (iii) the provision of infrastructure for emergency medical 
response and disease control services and (iv) the provision of child, youth or 
adult education and vocational training services. 
Also projects related to provision of essential public services including 
manufacturing of firefighting and other emergency equipment. 
Financing towards any expenditure or projects involving the following activities will be excluded: 
 
coal or gas fired power generation and distribution assets; 
 
coal mining and transportation; 
 
fossil fuel-related exploration and distribution; 
 
conflict minerals; 
 
extractive industries and mining; 
 
military contracting and weapons; 
 
nuclear power generation and distribution assets; and 
 
activities involving modern slavery or forced labour. 
In addition, other projects and sectors are excluded as a result of being non-Sharia-compliant, including payday 
loans; gambling; adult entertainment, alcohol; and tobacco. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
A working group will be established and will be responsible for governing and implementing the initiatives 
set out in the Framework. 
The working group will comprise senior representatives from corporate, treasury, investment banking, finance, 
risk, credit and investor relations and will be established as a sub-committee of DIB’s Management Credit 
Committee. It will also be monitored by the Risk Management Committee and Board Risk, Compliance and 
Governance Committee. 
The working group will meet at least quarterly to ratify Eligible Sustainable Projects, which are initially 
identified during the credit approval process, and ensure that all Eligible Sustainable Projects have been 
assessed from an environmental and social risk management perspective.  It will also undertake regular 
monitoring of the asset pool to ensure the continued eligibility of Eligible Sustainable Projects, whilst 
replacing any Eligible Sustainable Projects that cease to be eligible with new Eligible Sustainable Projects.

--- Page 120 ---
109 
 
 
The working group will also facilitate regular reporting on Sustainable issuance, manage future updates to the 
Framework and ensure that the approval of Eligible Sustainable Projects follows DIB’s existing financing and 
investment approval processes. 
Management of proceeds 
The proceeds of each DIB Sustainable Financing Instrument will be deposited in DIB’s general funding 
accounts and earmarked for allocation towards the Eligible Sustainable Projects using the Sustainable Finance 
Register. 
The Sustainable Finance Register will contain details of each Sustainable Financing Instrument issued, 
including pricing date, maturity date, principal amount of proceeds, coupon and ISIN number. Details of each 
Eligible Sustainable Project will also be listed in the Sustainable Finance Register, including the category of 
project, project description, project location, Bank’s ownership percentage, total project cost, amount allocated 
and settled currency. 
In addition, any proceeds temporarily unallocated will be invested according to DIB’s standard liquidity policy 
into cash or cash equivalents with detail recorded in the Sustainable Finance Register. 
Reporting 
On an annual basis, DIB will publish an allocation report and an impact report on its Eligible Sustainable 
Projects. This reporting will be updated annually until full allocation of the net proceeds of any Sustainable 
Financing Instrument issued, or until the Sustainable Financing Instrument is no longer outstanding.  For 
further details, see the Framework and any reports published on DIB’s website, using the link below. 
External Review 
DIB has appointed ISS ESG to assess the Framework and its alignment with the Principles and to issue a 
Second Party Opinion (SPO) accordingly. The Second Party Opinion has been published on DIB’s website, 
https://www.dib.ae/about-us/investor-relations. None of the Framework or the Principles or any of the above 
reports (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion from ISS ESG), verification assessments or 
the contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
110 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
OVERVIEW 
Risk is inherent in the Group's activities but it is managed through a process of ongoing identification, 
measurement and monitoring, subjecting risk to limits and the implementation of other risk controls, as 
described below. This process of risk management is critical to the Group's continuing profitability and each 
individual within the Group is accountable for the risk exposures relating to his or her particular 
responsibilities. 
The Group is exposed to a number of risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, the latter being 
subdivided into trading and non-trading risks. The Group is also subject to operating risks. 
The Group's independent risk control process does not include business risks such as changes in the 
environment, technology and industry. These risks are monitored through the Group's strategic planning 
process. 
RISK MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE 
The Board, supported by the Board Risk, Compliance & Governance Committee, the Management Risk 
Management Committee and the Risk Management Department, is ultimately responsible for identifying, 
monitoring and controlling risks within the Group. There are also other independent bodies and functions 
responsible for managing and monitoring risks. 
Board of Directors 
The Board is responsible for the Group's overall risk management approach and for approving its risk 
strategies and policies. 
Board Risk, Compliance & Governance Committee 
The Board Risk, Compliance & Governance Committee has overall responsibility for the development of the 
risk strategies, frameworks, policies and limits and for recommending these to the Board. It is responsible for 
the fundamental risk issues and manages and monitors relevant risk decisions. 
Management Risk Management Committee 
The day-to-day monitoring of risk has been delegated to the Management Risk Management Committee. This 
committee has the overall responsibility to support the Board Risk Management Committee for the 
development and formulation of the risk strategies, frameworks, policies and limits. It is also responsible for 
ensuring compliance with all risk limits, monitoring risk exposures and implementing the regulatory 
guidelines issued by relevant regulatory bodies, such as the Central Bank. 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department is responsible for implementing and maintaining risk related procedures 
to ensure that risk remains within the acceptable range approved by the Board Risk Management Committee 
and the Board. The Risk Management Department is responsible for credit administration, portfolio 
management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, conduct risk and overall risk control. 
Asset and Liability Management Committee 
ALCO is responsible for managing the Group's assets and liabilities. It is also primarily responsible for the 
funding and liquidity risks of the Group.

--- Page 122 ---
111 
 
 
IFRS 9 Committee 
 
The IFRS 9 Committee is responsible for assisting management in fulfilling their responsibilities with respect 
to the following: (i) Compliance with IFRS 9 standards, related UAE Central Bank applicable regulatory rules, 
and the Group’s policies; and (ii) that the Group prudently recognizes significant deterioration in credit quality 
and non-performance and carries appropriate level of expected credit loss. 
 
The IFRS 9 Committee’s primary responsibility comprises of supervising, monitoring, application and review 
of all impairment models in respect of use of expected credit losses and related central bank guidelines 
including monitoring of staging of exposures and considering ordinary and extraordinary circumstances in 
determining ECL stage and ECL levels. The IFRS 9 Committee meets regularly and reports to the Risk 
Management Committee. 
Collection & Remedial Management Committee (the CRMC) 
The CRMC is a management level of authority. The primary purpose of the CRMC is to take remedial 
decisions and monitor recovery activities within the discretionary authority delegated to it by the Executive 
Committee and the Board. In performing its role, the CRMC periodically reviews and provides constructive 
recommendations to the Executive Committee and/or the Board on the policies, guidelines and processes for 
remedial activities in the Group. 
Management Credit Committee 
The Management Credit Committee is a management level of authority responsible for taking credit decisions 
and monitoring credit activities within the discretionary authority delegated to it by the Board. In performing 
its role, the Management Credit Committee periodically reviews and provides constructive recommendations 
to the Board on the Group's credit policies, guidelines, processes and the future direction of credit/investment 
activities within the Group. 
Internal Audit Department 
Risk management processes throughout the Group are audited periodically by the Internal Audit Department 
which examines both the adequacy of the procedures and the Group's compliance with the procedures. The 
Internal Audit Department comments on the results of their assessments to management and reports its 
findings and recommendations to the Board Audit Committee. 
RISK MEASUREMENT AND REPORTING SYSTEMS 
The Group measures risks using qualitative as well as quantitative methods for credit, market, liquidity and 
operational risks. Further, the Group also uses quantitative analysis and methods to support revisions in 
business and risk strategies when required. These analyses and methods reflect both the expected loss likely 
to arise in the normal course of business and unexpected losses resulting from unforeseen events, which are 
based on simple statistical techniques and probabilities derived from historical experience. The Group also 
runs stress scenarios that would arise in the event that extreme events which are unlikely to occur do, in fact, 
occur. 
Monitoring and controlling risks is primarily performed based on limits established by the Board and 
management. These limits reflect the business strategy and market environment of the Group as well as the 
level of risk that it is willing to accept, with additional emphasis on selected industries.  
Information compiled from all of the Group's businesses is examined and processed in order to analyse the 
risk profile and identify risks at an early stage. This information is presented and explained to the Board and 
management. Specialised reports are presented to the heads of business and are delivered with a frequency 
suited to the volatility of the risk. The reports include aggregate credit exposure, limit exceptions, liquidity, 
operational loss incidents and other risk profile changes. Detailed reporting of industry, customer and

--- Page 123 ---
112 
 
 
geographic risks takes place on a monthly basis. DIB's senior management assesses the appropriateness of its 
provisions for impairment losses on a quarterly basis. 
MODEL RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Group uses a number of quantitative models in many of its financial and business activities, including 
when underwriting a credit facility, reporting expected credit losses under IFRS 9 and assessing liquidity risk 
and profit rate risk.  
To manage the model risks, the Group has developed and implemented a model governance framework which 
contains Group-wide development, implementation and validation policies and practices. According to the 
framework, all internally or externally developed risk quantification models that directly affect the financial 
reporting on expected credit losses require validation periodically (internally or externally). The Model Risk 
Management Committee (MRMC) is responsible for overseeing all model-related development, 
implementation of framework and performance of the models. The MRMC reports to Risk Management 
Committee. 
The framework establishes a systematic approach to manage the development, implementation, approval, 
validation and ongoing use of models. It sets out an effective governance and management structure with 
clearly defined roles and responsibilities, policies and controls for managing model risk. The framework is 
reviewed on a regular basis to ensure it meets regulatory standards and international practices. Any major 
change to the framework is approved by the Risk Management Committee upon recommendation of the 
MRMC. 
The Group has an independent validation function that performs independent model validation. It provides fit-
for-purpose, conditional approval or not fit-for-purpose recommendations to the MRMC to approve the use of 
the new risk quantification or valuation models. In addition to new model validation, the validation function 
also evaluates the performance of existing models through an annual validation process. 
RISK MITIGATION 
As part of its overall risk management process, the Group uses various methods to manage exposures resulting 
from changes in credit risks, liquidity risks, market risks (including profit rate risks, foreign exchange risks 
and equity price risks) and operational risks. 
The Group seeks to manage its credit risk exposures through diversification of financing and investment 
activities to avoid undue concentration of risk with individuals and groups of customers in specific locations 
or businesses. The Group actively uses collateral to reduce its credit risks. See "– Credit Risk" below for 
further details. 
The Group's market risk is managed on the basis of predetermined asset allocation across various asset 
categories and a continuous appraisal of movements in market conditions. The Group also continuously 
monitors expected changes in foreign currency rates, benchmark profit rates and equity prices in order to 
mitigate market risk. See "– Market Risk" below for further details. 
In order to mitigate against liquidity risk, the Group's management has access to diversified funding sources. 
The Group's assets are managed with its overall liquidity in mind as well as with a view to maintaining an 
appropriate balance of cash and cash equivalents in order to be able to meet its contractual liabilities at short 
notice.  
To manage all other risks, the Group has developed a detailed risk management framework supported by 
dedicated policies intended to identify and apply resources effectively in order to mitigate against those risks 
occurring. 
RISK CONCENTRATION 
Concentrations of risk arise within the Group when a number of its counterparties are engaged in similar 
business activities, or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would

--- Page 124 ---
113 
 
 
cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to the Group to be similarly affected by changes in economic, 
political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group's performance to 
developments affecting a particular industry or geographical location. 
In order to avoid excessive concentrations of risk, the Group's policies and procedures include specific 
guidelines which require it to focus on maintaining a diversified portfolio of Islamic financing and investment 
assets. Where concentrations of credit risks are identified, the Group aims to control and manage these 
accordingly (as described further below). 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the 
other party to incur a financial loss and is inherent in a wide range of the Group's businesses. Credit risks could 
arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties of the Group, from a general 
deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from systemic risks with the financial system. The 
Group attempts to regulate credit risk by implementing a credit risk strategy and attempts to minimise credit 
risk by monitoring credit exposures (in particular, in relation to those counterparties falling within higher risk 
rating bands), limiting transactions with specific counterparties and continually assessing the creditworthiness 
of its counterparties. In addition to monitoring credit limits, the Group manages credit exposure relating to its 
trading activities by entering into collateral arrangements with counterparties in appropriate circumstances 
and limiting the duration of its exposure to those counterparties. In certain cases, the Group may also close 
out transactions or assign them to other counterparties to mitigate credit risk. 
Management of credit risk 
The Group's credit risk management framework includes: 
 
establishment of an authorisation structure and limits for the approval and renewal of credit facilities; 
 
reviewing and assessing credit exposures in accordance with its authorisation structure and limits, 
prior to facilities being approved for advance to customers. Renewals and reviews of facilities are 
subject to the same review process as occurs in respect of an application for a new facility; 
 
limiting concentrations of exposure to industry sectors, geographic locations and counterparties; and 
 
reviewing compliance, on an ongoing basis, with agreed exposure limits relating to counterparties, 
industries and countries and reviewing limits in accordance with the risk management strategy and 
market trends. 
The Group has established a credit quality review process to provide early identification of possible changes 
in the creditworthiness of its counterparties. Counterparty limits are established by the use of a credit risk 
classification system, which assigns each counterparty a risk rating. The Group's risk ratings are subject to 
regular revision. The credit quality review process allows the Group to assess the potential loss as a result of 
the risks to which it is exposed. 
Credit risk measurement 
The Group assesses the probability of default of individual counterparties using internal rating tools tailored 
to the various categories of counterparties. All credit risk models for corporate, contracting, SME businesses 
and real estate projects go through multiple cycles of redevelopment, optimization and recalibration against 
an internal rating scale that is mapped to external rating agencies. All retail product models have also been 
redeveloped. 
The Group's rating tools are kept under review and upgraded as necessary. The Group regularly validates the 
performance of the rating tools and their predictive power with regard to default events.

--- Page 125 ---
114 
 
 
Collateral 
The Group employs a range of policies and practices to mitigate credit risk. The most traditional and 
commonly used policy is to take collateral against the amount advanced. The Group has implemented 
guidelines on the acceptability of specific classes of collateral or credit risk mitigation. The principal types of 
collateral obtained in respect of the Group's Islamic financing and investing assets are: 
 
mortgages over residential and commercial properties; 
 
corporate guarantees; 
 
charges over business assets such as premises, machinery, vehicles and inventory; and 
 
charges over financial instruments such as deposits and equities. 
The amount and type of collateral required by the Group depends on its assessment of the particular 
counterparty's credit risk. The Group implements guidelines regarding the acceptability of particular types of 
collateral and the parameters put in place for valuing it. 
Islamic derivative financial instruments 
Credit risk arising from derivative financial instruments is, at any time, limited to those with positive fair 
values, as recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position. 
Credit-related commitments risks 
The Group makes available to its customers guarantees and letters of credit which require it to make payments 
in the event that its customer fails to fulfil certain obligations it owes to other parties. This exposes the Group 
to a similar credit risk to that faced by it in respect of its financing and investing assets, and these risks are 
mitigated by the same control processes and policies as described above. 
Portfolio concentrations 
As described above, concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar 
business activities, in activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would 
cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or 
other conditions. Concentrations of credit risk indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group's performance to 
developments affecting a particular industry or geographic location. The Group's credit policies are structured 
to ensure that the Group is not over-exposed to a given client, industry or geographic area through 
diversification of financing and investment activities.  
The table below shows the industry breakdown of the Group's total Islamic financing and investing assets as 
at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Portfolio concentration total Islamic 
financing and investing assets – by industry 
sector 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Government .......................................................  
17,399 
9 
26,411 
13 
9,131 
6 
Financial institutions .........................................  
4,841 
2 
9,475 
5 
6,761 
4 
Real estate .........................................................  
44,083 
23 
42,402 
21 
32,801 
21 
Contracting ........................................................  
5,705 
3 
5,340 
3 
6,018 
4 
Trade .................................................................  
8,340 
4 
8,160 
4 
8,228 
5 
Aviation .............................................................  
19,768 
10 
20,546 
10 
17,489 
11 
Services and others ............................................  
44,273 
23 
41,949 
20 
35,381 
23 
Consumer home finance ....................................  
22,267 
11 
21,144 
10 
14,552 
9

--- Page 126 ---
115 
 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Portfolio concentration total Islamic 
financing and investing assets – by industry 
sector 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer financing ..........................................  
28,940 
15 
29,662 
14 
26,636 
17 
Total ..................................................................  
195,617 
100 
205,090 
100 
156,994 
100 
The table below shows the concentration of the Group's gross total Islamic financing and investing assets by 
geography as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Portfolio concentration total Islamic 
financing and investing assets – by 
geographical area 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Within UAE ......................................................  
183,349 
94 
193,079 
94 
146,718 
93 
Outside UAE .....................................................  
12,268 
6 
12,011 
6 
10,276 
7 
Total ..................................................................  
195,617 
100 
205,090 
100 
156,994 
100 
 
The table below shows the Group's non-performing assets ratio and provision coverage ratio as at 31 December 
2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
 
Portfolio 
outstandin
g net of 
future 
profits 
Bilateral 
sukuk 
Total 
Non 
performing 
assets 
Provisions 
held 
Non 
performing
/ portfolio 
outstandin
g net of 
future 
profits and 
bilateral 
sukuk 
Provisions/ 
non 
performing 
 
(AED millions) 
(%) 
31 December 
2021
 ............................  
195,617 
5,802 
201,419 
13,784 
8,926 
6.8 
72 
31 December 
2020
 ............................  
205,090 
5,802 
210,892 
12,061 
8,401 
5.7 
76.3(1) 
31 December 
2019
 ............................  
156,994 
3,219 
160,213 
6,310 
6,081 
3.9 
101.0(1) 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
The 31 December 2021 provision coverage ratio includes the impact of fair value adjustment on the Stage 1 and Stage 2 Islamic financing 
and investing portfolio acquired from Noor Bank and the provision coverage ratio as at 31 December 2021 includes the regulatory credit 
risk reserve created in accordance with the guidelines of the Central Bank. 
Impairment assessment 
The Group applies a three-stage approach to measure allowances for credit losses, using an Expected Credit 
Loss (ECL) model as required under IFRS 9, for the following categories of financial instruments that are 
measured at amortised cost: 
 
Islamic financing and investing assets and investment in Islamic sukuk;

--- Page 127 ---
116 
 
 
 
off-balance sheet instruments issued; 
 
financial guarantee contracts issued; 
 
due from banks and financial institutions; 
 
balances with Central Banks; and 
 
other financial assets. 
The ECL model is based on the change in credit quality of financial assets since initial recognition. Expected 
credit losses reflect the present value of all cash shortfalls related to default events either: (i) over the following 
12 months; or (ii) over the expected life of a financial instrument depending on credit deterioration from 
inception. The three stages are as follows: 
 
under stage one, where there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, 
an amount equal to 12 months ECL will be recorded; 
 
under stage two, where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but 
the financial instruments are not considered credit impaired, an amount equal to the default probability 
weighted lifetime ECL will be recorded; and 
 
under stage three, where there is objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date these financial 
instruments will be classified as credit impaired and an amount equal to the lifetime ECL will be 
recorded for the financial assets. 
The ECL model is forward-looking and requires the use of reasonable and supportable forecasts of future 
economic conditions in the determination of significant increases in credit risk (SICR) and measurement of 
ECL. No impairment loss is recognised on equity investments. 
For a discussion of the manner in which ECL is measured, see note 5.3.9 to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
This note also discusses the impact of COVID-19 on the determination of ECL and the measures implemented 
by the Central Bank as well as guidelines issued by the IASB and Basel Committee in March and April 2020, 
respectively. 
The table below shows the movements in the Group's provision for impairment in respect of its Islamic 
financing and investing assets for the years ended 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(AED millions) 
Balance at 1 January .................................................. 
8,401 
6,081 
5,727 
Net impairment charge during the year ..................... 
1,971 
3,810 
1,660 
Write-off .................................................................... 
(1,436) 
(1,642) 
(1,311) 
Exchange and other adjustments ............................... 
(10) 
153 
4 
Balance at the end of the year ................................... 
8,926 
8,401 
6,081 
A more detailed table showing the split of the provision between IFRS 9 stages can be found in note 9.3 to 
each of the Audited Financial Statements. 
LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due 
under normal and stress circumstances. To limit this risk, management has arranged diversified funding 
sources in addition to the Group's core deposit base, manages assets with liquidity in mind, and monitors future 
cash flows and liquidity on a daily basis. This incorporates an assessment of expected cash flows and the 
availability of high grade collateral which could be used to secure additional funding if required.

--- Page 128 ---
117 
 
 
DIB is required to have a robust liquidity risk framework in place to manage its liquidity position in accordance 
with the qualitative and quantitative requirements issued by the Central Bank. Pursuant to the qualitative 
requirements, DIB has been compliant with, and has adopted, the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio since June 
2018. DIB is also compliant with both the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR).  
The Group maintains a portfolio of highly marketable and diverse assets that it believes can be liquidated 
easily in the event of an unforeseen interruption of its cash flows. The Group also has committed lines of credit 
that it can access to meet liquidity needs should the need arise. In addition, the Group maintains statutory 
deposits with certain central banks. The Group's liquidity position is assessed and managed under a variety of 
scenarios, which give due consideration to stress factors relating to both the market in general and those 
specific to the Group.  
The Group believes that the high quality of its asset portfolio ensures its liquidity, which, coupled with its own 
funds and stable customer deposits, help form a stable funding source. DIB is confident that, even under 
adverse conditions, the Group will have access to the funds necessary to cover customer needs and meet its 
funding requirements. 
The Group's primary tool for monitoring its liquidity is the maturity mismatch analysis, which is monitored 
over successive time bands and across functional currencies. See note 47.3.3 to the 2021 Financial Statements 
which summarise the maturity profile of the Group's assets and liabilities analysed according to when they are 
expected to be recovered or settled which show negative maturity gaps (total assets minus total liabilities and 
equity) in the less than three months and three months to one year buckets and, on a cumulative basis, in the 
one to five year bucket as at 31 December in each of 2021 and 2020. Guidelines have been established by the 
Group for the cumulative negative cash flow over successive time periods.   
In addition note 47.3.4 to the 2021 Financial Statements shows the maturity profile of the gross cash flows of 
the Group's financial liabilities (including its contingent liabilities and capital expenditure commitments) as at 
31 December in each of 2021 and 2020. 
Liquidity risk management process 
The Group's liquidity risk management process which is monitored by a separate team in the Treasury 
department, includes: 
 
day-to-day funding, managed by monitoring future cash flows to ensure that requirements can be met. 
This includes the replenishment of funds as they mature or are financed by customers; 
 
maintaining a portfolio of highly marketable assets that can easily be liquidated as protection against 
any unforeseen interruption to the Group's cash flows; 
 
monitoring the Group's consolidated statement of financial position liquidity ratios against internal 
and regulatory requirements; and 
 
managing the concentration and profile of the maturity dates of its investing and financing exposures. 
The COVID-19 crisis has affected liquidity in both global and regional markets. To address this, the Central 
Bank has provided zero cost funding to all eligible banks and has eased out regulatory cash reserve 
requirements for banks in the UAE. In order to allow banks to utilise the released liquidity, the Central Bank 
also reduced the liquidity ratios (LCR and NSFR). Although, the Central Bank reduced the liquidity tolerance 
requirements for LCR and NSFR, during the COVID-19 impacted period, the Group’s liquidity remained 
sound. The Group did not avail the relaxation in the liquidity ratio tolerances.  The targeted economic support 
scheme in relation to Zero-Cost funding and related liquidity ratios has expired on 31 December 2021 and 30 
June 2022 respectively. 
The ALCO and Liquidity Management Committee meet on a regular basis with particular focus on liquidity 
management. The Group has considered new options for expanding its liabilities base (through changed tenors 
and currencies) and has focused on its capital market funding plan. The Group is also strengthening its liquidity

--- Page 129 ---
118 
 
 
buffers by timing disbursements to customers along with a strict focus on enhancing deposit relationships 
across all customer segments. 
The table below shows a number of liquidity ratios for the Group as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
% 
Liquidity ratios: 
 
 
 
Liquid assets(1)/customer deposits ........................................................  
14 
11 
11 
Customer deposits/total deposits(2) .......................................................  
98 
94 
95 
Net financing and investment assets/customer deposits .......................  
91 
96 
92 
Net financing and investment assets/total assets ..................................  
67 
68 
65 
LCR ......................................................................................................  
136 
129 
142 
NSFR ....................................................................................................  
102 
103 
108 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Liquid assets comprise cash and balances with central banks and due from banks and financial institutions minus due to banks and financial 
institutions. 
(2) 
Total deposits comprise customers' deposits and due to banks and financial institutions. 
MARKET RISK 
Market risk arises from changes in market rates such as profit rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices, 
as well as in their correlation and implied volatilities. Market risk management is designed to limit the amount 
of potential losses on the Group's open positions which may arise due to unforeseen changes in profit rates, 
foreign exchange rates or equity prices. The Group is exposed to diverse financial instruments including 
securities, foreign currencies, equities and commodities. 
The Group pays considerable attention to market risk. It uses appropriate models, in accordance with standard 
market practice, to value its positions and receives regular market information in order to regulate its market 
risk. 
The Group's market risk framework comprises the following elements: 
 
limits to ensure that risk-takers do not exceed aggregate risk and concentration parameters set by 
senior management;  
 
independent mark-to-market valuation, reconciliation of positions and tracking of stop-losses for 
trading positions on a timely basis; 
 
a comprehensive set of policies, procedures and limits; and 
 
monitoring a wide range of risk metrics appropriate for the respective trading activities - such as risk 
sensitivities, gross and net open positions, Value-at-Risk (VaR) and stop-loss limits. 
The policies, procedures and limits are set to ensure the implementation of the Group's market risk policy in 
day-to-day operations. These are reviewed periodically to ensure they remain in line with the Group's general 
market risk policy. DIB's Group Chief Risk Officer ensures that the market risk management process is always 
adequately and appropriately staffed. In addition to its internal procedures and systems, the Group is required 
to comply with the guidelines and regulations of the Central Bank. 
Profit margin risk 
The Group is not significantly exposed to risk in terms of the repricing of its customer deposits since, in 
accordance with Sharia, the Group does not provide contractual rates of return to its depositors or investment 
account holders. The return payable to depositors and investment account holders is based on the principle of 
the Mudaraba by which the depositors and investment account holders agree to share the profit or loss made 
by the Group's common and wakala pool over a given period.

--- Page 130 ---
119 
 
 
Profit rate risk 
Profit rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in profit rates will affect future profitability or the fair 
values of financial instruments. The Group is exposed to profit rate risk as a result of mismatches or gaps in 
the amounts of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments that mature or re-price in a given period. 
The Group manages this risk through risk management strategies. 
The effective profit rate (effective yield) of a monetary financial instrument is the rate that, when used in a 
present value calculation, results in the carrying amount of the instrument. The rate is a historical rate for a 
fixed rate instrument carried at amortised cost and a current rate for a floating rate instrument or an instrument 
carried at fair value. 
The Group manages profit rate risk in its banking book using VaR methodology and by stress testing parallel 
shifts of profit rate movements.  
See further note 47.4.2 to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Foreign exchange risk 
The Group has income recorded in its overseas subsidiaries and is therefore exposed to movements in the 
foreign currency rates used to convert this income into dirham, see further notes 47.4.3 and 47.4.4 to the 2021 
Financial Statements. 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities decrease as the result of changes in the level of 
equity indices and the value of individual stocks. Non-trading equity price risk exposure arises from the 
Group's investment portfolio.  See further note 47.4.5 to the 2021 Financial Statements. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Operational risk is the potential exposure to financial or other damage arising from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people or systems. 
The Group has developed a detailed operational risk framework which defines the roles and responsibilities 
of individuals/units across different functions that are involved in performing various operational risk 
management tasks. The Group's operational risk management framework is intended to ensure that its 
operational risks are properly identified, monitored, managed and reported. Key elements of this framework 
include process mapping, setting up a loss database, establishing key risk indicators (KRIs), risk analysis and 
risk management reporting. 
The Group currently utilises eGRC and ORMS, as operational risk tracking systems, to track operational risk 
events across its businesses. The systems house more than five years of operational loss data. The systems 
also record KRIs, risk control self-assessment and scenario-based fraud risk self-assessment.  
Each new product introduced by the Group is subject to a risk review and sign-off process where all relevant 
risks are identified and assessed by departments independent of the risk-taking unit proposing the product. 
Variations of existing products are also subject to a similar process. The Group's business and support units 
are responsible for managing operations risk in their respective functional areas. They operate within the 
Group's operational risk management framework and ensure that risk is managed within their respective 
business units. The day-to-day management of operational risk is carried out through the maintenance of a 
comprehensive system of internal controls, supported by robust systems and procedures to monitor transaction 
positions and documentation, as well as maintenance of key backup procedures and business contingency 
planning.

--- Page 131 ---
120 
 
 
REGULATORY / COMPLIANCE RISK 
Regulatory/compliance risk is the risk of reputational and/or financial losses due to the failure to comply with 
applicable laws, regulations or sanctions. The Group has an independent compliance function, with the 
necessary mandate and authority to enforce and monitor compliance. See "Description of the Group - 
Compliance". 
REPUTATIONAL RISK 
Reputational risk is the risk of potential loss of earnings and future revenue, loss in market value or lack of 
liquidity supply due to deterioration of reputation, including the Group’s reputation with regard to the level of 
its Sharia compliance as discussed further below. It also includes the threat to the brand value of a financial 
institution. 
Reputational risk can arise as a consequence of failures with a strong negative perception amongst clients, 
shareholders, creditors or the public. The Group has measures to ensure a positive perception of the Group 
and that overall risk management ensures appropriate management of reputational risk. 
LEGAL RISK 
The Group has a full-time team of legal advisers who deals with both routine and more complex legal cases. 
Situations of a particular complexity and sensitivity are referred to external firms of lawyers, either in the UAE 
or overseas, as appropriate. The Group also seeks to mitigate legal risk through the use of properly reviewed 
standard documentation and where necessary, seeking appropriate legal advice in relation to its non-standard 
documentation. 
SHARIA NON-COMPLIANCE RISK 
DIB is exposed to Sharia non-compliance risk, being the risk that arises from DIB’s failure to comply with (a) 
resolutions, fatwas, regulations, and standards issued by the Higher Sharia Authority of the Central Bank of 
the UAE (the HSA) in relation to DIB’s licensed activities and businesses; and (b) resolutions and fatwas 
issued by the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB (the ISSC) in relation to DIB’s licensed activities 
and businesses (provided these do not contradict any HSA resolutions). 
DIB has an effective Sharia governance in place to manage and mitigate Sharia non-compliance risk. DIB’s 
Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for DIB’s compliance with the principles of Sharia with respect 
to all its licensed activities and businesses through the implementation of a robust Sharia governance 
framework that conforms to the resolutions of the HSA.  
To ensure DIB’s Sharia compliance, all products, services, transactions and matters are duly approved by the 
ISSC. DIB maintains effective internal Sharia controls comprising three distinct lines of defense, including (i) 
the business (which adopts robust policies, procedures and controls approved by ISSC), (ii) the internal Sharia 
control department (which supports the ISSC), and (iii) the internal Sharia audit department (which undertakes 
Sharia audits and monitors on-going compliance).

--- Page 132 ---
121 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
The following charts summarise the principal features of the organisational structure within the Group: 
 
 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Board of Directors is elected by shareholders at a general meeting. DIB requires the majority of its Board 
to be UAE nationals. Each Director is appointed for a three year term at the end of which the Board is re-
elected. The Board has the necessary power to manage DIB and act on its behalf.  
 
The following table sets out the names of the current members of DIB's Board of Directors:  
 
Name 
 
Designation 
H.E. Mohammad Ibrahim Al Shaibani 
 
Board Chairman 
Mr. Yahya Saeed Ahmad Lootah 
 
Vice Chairman 
Mr. Hamad Abdulla Rashed Al Shamsi 
 
Board Member 
Mr. Ahmad Mohammad Bin Humaidan 
 
Board Member 
Mr. Abdulaziz Ahmed Rahma Al Mheiri 
 
Board Member 
H.E. Hamad Mubarak Buamim 
 
Board Member 
Mr. Abdulla Hamad Rahma Al Shamsi 
 
Board Member 
Mr. Javier Marin Romano 
 
Board Member 
The address of each member of the Board is P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE. There are no potential conflicts of 
interest between the private interests or other duties of the Directors listed above and their duties to the Group. 
All Board members are non-executive directors and the majority are also independent members.  
Detailed below is brief biographical information on the members of the Board. 
H.E. Mohammad Ibrahim Al Shaibani 
H.E. Mohammed Ibrahim Al Shaibani is Chairman of the Board.

--- Page 133 ---
122 
 
 
He is the Director General of H.H. the Dubai Ruler's Court, a prime government body of the Emirate. He is 
also the Managing Director of the ICD, the principal investment arm of the Government of Dubai. Since 1998, 
he has held the position of President at the Dubai Office, a Private Management office for the Royal Family 
of Dubai. 
H.E. Al Shaibani serves as Vice Chairman of the Supreme Fiscal Committee of Dubai, which oversees Dubai's 
fiscal policies. He is a member of Dubai's Executive Council, an entity charged with supervising and 
supporting Dubai's government bodies. H.E. Al Shaibani is also Deputy Chairman of the Higher Committee 
of World Expo 2020.  
H.E. Al Shaibani serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors at Nakheel Properties, the world-leading 
property developer with innovative landmark projects in Dubai, including the award-winning iconic "Palm 
Jumeirah" and "The World Jumeirah Islands". H.E Al Shaibani is also a member of the board at several 
government-related organisations including Dubai World and is the Vice Chairman of Dubai Aerospace 
Enterprise Limited.  
In 2009, he played a pivotal role in restructuring Dubai's debt.  
H.E Al Shaibani graduated in 1988 from the United States and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science. 
Mr. Yahya Saeed Ahmad Lootah  
Mr. Lootah serves as Vice-Chairman of the Board. Mr. Lootah has over 20 years' experience with S.S. Lootah 
Group, a leading diversified business based in Dubai which is active across key business sectors ranging from 
construction, real estate, energy and financial services, applied research, ICT, education, hospitality, media 
and healthcare. He currently serves as the Chairman of the S.S. Lootah Group. Under his leadership, S.S. 
Lootah Group has received, amongst others, the Mohammed Bin Rashid Business Award and the Dubai Award 
for Sustainable Transport. In addition, Mr. Lootah served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Dubai 
Chamber of Commerce and Industry, as well as a member of the Board of Trustees of Dubai Medical College 
and the Advisory Board of the Faculty of Engineering at the American University in Dubai.  
Mr. Lootah holds a degree in Civil Architectural Engineering as well as a Master's of Science degree in 
Engineering from University of Bridgeport, Connecticut.  
Mr. Hamad Abdulla Rashed Al Shamsi  
Mr. Al Shamsi serves as a member of the Board.  
Mr. Al Shamsi served as the Chief Executive Officer of International Capital Trading LLC, an Abu Dhabi 
headquartered private investment company.  
With a wealth of experience spanning several decades, he has run businesses across multiple disciplines, and 
has particular expertise in the area of financial services and investments.  
He also served in the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority before moving to the Private Department of His 
Highness the late Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan.  
He served on the Board of Directors of several leading private and government institutions engaged in 
commercial, financial and service-based activities in the UAE. He currently serves as the Chairman of Amanat 
Holding PJSC. His former Board appointments include Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, Media Zone 
Authority, Abu Dhabi Council for Economic Development, Al Qudra Holding, Finance House, Al Hilal Bank, 
Abu Dhabi Aviation, Etihad Airways and Abu Dhabi Airports Company.  
Mr. Al Shamsi holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from UAE University and a MBA 
majoring in Finance and Banking from the United States.  
Mr. Ahmad Mohammad Bin Humaidan  
Mr. Bin Humaidan serves as a member of the Board.

--- Page 134 ---
123 
 
 
Mr. Bin Humaidan has over 28 years' experience in strategic thinking, strategic planning, projects 
management, leading improvement programmes and change management and also serves as Deputy Director 
General of H.H. The Ruler's Court, Government of Dubai and as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Smart 
Dubai. He has also previously served as the Director General for Dubai Smart Government and as the Director 
of Projects for The Executive Office of His Highness Sheikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice 
President and Prime Minister of UAE and Ruler of Dubai. Mr. Bin Humaidan started his career with 
Emirates/Dnata Group of companies where he worked for five years.  
Mr. Bin Humaidan holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from UAE University as well as a Business 
Administration diploma from Sheffield Hallam University, United Kingdom.  
Mr. Abdulaziz Ahmed Rahma Al Mheiri  
Mr. Al Mheiri serves as a member of the Board.  
Mr. Al Mheiri also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Bourse Dubai, Vice Chairman of the 
Support Fund and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Bosna Bank International. He has previously served 
as the Managing Director of the ICD and as a member of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
for Dubai Bank.  
Mr. Al Mheiri holds a Science degree, specialising in Accounting and Finance, from the American College of 
Switzerland.  
H.E. Hamad Mubarak Buamim  
In addition to his role on the Board, H.E. Buamim also serves as the Chairman of the National General 
Insurance PJSC and Board Member of Amanat PJSC.  
In previous roles, H.E. Buamim served as the President and CEO of Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry 
and the Chairman of the Paris-based World Chambers Federation – International Chamber of Commerce 
(ICC), the Chairman of Emirates Financial Services and the Chairman of Emirates NBD Capital. H.E. Buamim 
has also served as a Board member of a number of entities, including the Central Bank of the UAE, Dubai 
International Financial Center (DIFC), Emirates NBD, Network International, Kerzner International Holding 
and Union Properties.  
H.E. Buamim holds a MBA with honours in Finance from the University of Missouri, Kansas City, United 
States. He also obtained a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Southern 
California, Los Angeles, United States.  
Mr. Abdulla Hamad Rahma Al Shamsi  
Mr. Al Shamsi serves as a member of the Board. 
Mr. Al Shamsi served as the Chairman of Dubai Properties Group from May 2012 until 2015 and was also a 
member of the Board of Directors for Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Co. from March 2007 until 
March 2018. He was also the General Manager for United Arab Shipping Agencies Co. until 2014.  
Previously, Mr. Al Shamsi served as the Chairman for Middle East Container Repair until 2013 and was a 
founding member and treasurer for the UAE Tennis Association until 2010.  
Mr. Al Shamsi obtained a Bachelor of Science degree, Business and Public Administration with a major in 
Finance and Economics from New York University in 1981.  
Mr. Javier Marin Romano  
Mr. Romano was appointed to the Board in April 2016. He is an entrepreneur and an investor in technology 
companies linked to financial services. He also serves as a director in each of the UCV (Spanish University), 
Instituto per le Opere di Religione (IOR) and Frontier Economics. Prior to this, Mr. Romano served as Chief 
Executive Officer of Banco Santander, senior executive vice-president of Banco Santander and head of private

--- Page 135 ---
124 
 
 
banking, asset management and insurance. He has also been a member of the European Banking Association 
and the European Financial Services Association and of the Board of Directors in different banks, insurance 
companies and asset managers in several countries in Europe (affiliates of Banco Santander).  
Mr. Romano holds a degree in Law and a diploma in Business Administration from the Universidad Pontificia 
de Comillas in Madrid (Spain). He also obtained a Masters degrees in European law in Luxembourg, in 
banking administration from the Institute International d´Etudes Bancaires (La Joya, California) and taxes 
from the Universidad Pontificia de Comillas (Madrid) and completed the advanced programme of Singularity 
University (California).  
KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
The following table sets out the names of the current senior management of DIB: 
 
Name 
 
Position 
Dr. Adnan Chilwan ........................................  
 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Obaid Al Shamsi .....................................  
 
Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Naveed Ali...............................................  
 
Chief of Corporate Banking 
Mr. Mohammed Saleem Qassim ....................  
 
Chief of Treasury 
Mr. Mohamed Al Sharif .................................  
 
Chief of International Business and Real Estate 
Investments 
Mr. Hamid Butt ..............................................  
 
Chief of Investment Banking 
Mr. Nagaraj Ramakrishnan ............................  
 
Chief Credit Officer 
Mr. Chandra Mohan Ganapathy .....................  
 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Sanjay Malhotra ......................................  
 
Chief Consumer Banking Officer 
Mr. Musabbah Al Qaizi ..................................  
 
Chief Digital Officer 
Mr. John Macedo ...........................................  
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Varun Sood ..............................................  
 
Chief Transformation Officer 
Mr. Mian Muhammad Nazir ..........................  
 
SVP - Head of Internal Sharia Control 
Ms. Rafia Al Abbar ........................................  
 
SVP - Head of Human Resources 
Mr. Moosa Tariq Mir Khoory ........................  
 
SVP - Group Head of Internal Sharia Audit 
Mr. Noman Rasheed .......................................  
 
Chief Information Officer 
Mr. Omar Hayat Rahman ...............................  
 
Chief of Legal 
Mr. Volkan Pekince .......................................  
 
Group Chief of Internal Audit 
Mr. Abdul Waheed Rathore ...........................  
 
Group Chief Compliance Officer 
The address of each member of the senior management of DIB is P.O. Box 1080, Dubai, UAE. There are no 
potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the senior management of DIB 
listed above and their duties to DIB. 
Detailed below is brief biographical information on the senior management of DIB. 
Dr. Adnan Chilwan 
Dr. Chilwan currently serves as the Group CEO of DIB. 
Dr. Chilwan has an extensive career spanning nearly two decades with reputed conventional and Islamic banks 
in the region including DIB, Dubai Bank, Commercial Bank of Qatar, Mashreq Bank, Abu Dhabi Islamic 
Bank and HSBC. Dr. Chilwan represents DIB on the boards of various strategic investments, subsidiaries and 
associates. He is also currently a member of the board of each of Noor Bank, Deyaar Development, Liquidity 
Management Centre Bahrain and Dar Al Sharia.  
Dr. Chilwan was given a Lifetime Achievement Award at the MEA Finance Awards in 2021, honouring him 
as an individual of long standing in the banking and financial industry whose career has benefitted the banking 
and finance industry in the Middle East. He was also named as one of the Top CEOs in the Middle East 2021 
and one of the Top 100 CEOs in the Middle East 2022 by Forbes ME.

--- Page 136 ---
125 
 
 
Dr. Chilwan has a PhD and an MBA in Marketing. He is a Certified Islamic Banker (CeIB), a post graduate 
in Islamic Banking and Insurance and an Associate Fellow Member in the Islamic Finance Professionals 
Board. 
Mr. Obaid Al Shamsi 
Mr. Al Shamsi has served as the Chief Operating Officer at DIB since May 2019. 
Mr. Al Shamsi has over 23 years’ multi-functional experience within DIB. Prior to his appointment as the 
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Al Shamsi was Chief of HR & Admin where he oversaw the strategy 
development and deployment of human resource and administration.  
Mr. Al Shamsi also serves as a board member of each of Emirates Institute for Banking and Financial Studies, 
Al Bustan Centre & Residence, BoK, Al Tanmyah Services and DIB Pakistan. 
He holds Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from Middlesex University, United Kingdom. 
Mr. Naveed Ali 
Mr. Ali has served as Chief of Corporate Banking at DIB since 2007. 
Mr. Ali has more than 30 years’ banking experience with both conventional and Islamic banks. Before joining 
DIB, Mr. Ali served in Bank of America in Pakistan and Mashreq Bank in Dubai, as Vice President in the 
Corporate Banking Group. 
Mr. Ali holds a BSc degree from Karachi University in Pakistan. 
Mr. Mohammed Saleem Qassim 
Mr. Qassim has served as Chief of Treasury at DIB since July 2006. 
Mr. Qassim has over 30 years’ banking experience with both conventional and Islamic banks, including 
Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan and UAE) and Société Générale (Bangladesh and Pakistan). Before joining 
DIB, Mr. Qassim was Treasurer at Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan). 
Mr. Qassim also serves as a board member and Deputy Chairman on the Board of DIB Pakistan.  
Mr. Qassim holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from Karachi University in Pakistan. 
Mr. Mohamed Al Sharif 
Mr. Al Sharif has served as Chief of International Business & Real Estate Investments at DIB since March 
2020. 
Mr. Al Sharif has over 35 years’  experience in banking and finance. Prior to DIB, he worked with the Central 
Bank of the UAE as Manager of the Banking Supervision & Examination Department, in addition to several 
other roles in the Finance Department. 
Mr. Al Sharif also serves as Chairman of the Boards of DIB Pakistan and BoK and is a member of the Board 
of DIB Kenya, as well as serving on the Boards of other DIB subsidiaries. 
Mr. Al Sharif holds an MBA from The Catholic University of America. 
Mr. Hamid Butt 
Mr. Hamid Butt has 40 years’ experience in banking in London, New York, the Middle East and Asia. Prior 
to DIB, Mr. Butt headed the Investment Banking division at Noor Bank.  
Mr. Butt has also worked at Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank as the COO Wholesale Banking from 2012 to 2015 and 
as UAE Corporate Banking Head from 2015 to 2017.  Prior to that, he was the Chief Risk Officer of

--- Page 137 ---
126 
 
 
International Bank of Qatar from 2011 to 2012.  Mr. Butt spent over 27 years with Citibank including roles in 
its Fixed Income, Investment and Corporate Banking and Risk Management divisions.  
Mr. Butt also served as Citibank's Regional Risk Head for the Gulf, Levant and Pakistan from 2000-2002. 
Mr. Butt holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from George Washington University in the 
United States. 
Mr. Nagaraj Ramakrishnan 
Mr. Ramakrishnan has served as Chief Credit Officer at DIB since April 2019.  
Mr. Ramakrishnan has over 28 years’ banking experience across various functions including business 
management, credit, risk policy and process and operations. Before joining DIB, Mr. Ramakrishnan was 
Senior Vice President Group Credit with Emirates NBD (UAE) and previously with Standard Chartered Bank 
in India and Malaysia. 
Mr. Ramakrishnan holds a Bachelor's degree in Commerce and a Chartered Accountant qualification from 
India. 
Mr. Chandra Mohan Ganapathy 
Mr. Ganapathy has served as the Group Chief Risk Officer of DIB since August 2020 overseeing the various 
risk management functions across the Group. 
Mr. Ganapathy has over 29 years’ experience in financial services including 24 years in risk management. 
Before joining DIB, Mr. Ganapathy held the position of Group Head of Risk Management at Ahli United Bank 
BSC and Chief Risk Officer at International Bank of Qatar and Commercial Bank of Kuwait.  
He holds the CFA Charter from the CFA Institute, Financial Risk Manager (FRM) and Professional Risk 
Manager (PRM) certifications from Global Association of Risk Professionals (GARP) and Professional Risk 
Managers International Association (PRMIA), respectively, and holds a Certificate in Quantitative Finance 
(CQF) from Fitch Learning. He is also an Associate Chartered Accountant (ACA) with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in India. 
Mr. Sanjay Malhotra 
Mr. Malhotra was appointed as Chief Consumer Banking Officer in December 2021. Prior to this role, he was 
Chief Digital & Innovation Officer for DIB from March 2018 to November 2021 and Chief of Consumer 
Banking for DIB from February 2015 to February 2018. 
Prior to joining DIB, Mr. Malhotra was General Manager – Retail and Private Banking at National Bank of 
Oman. He was previously Head of Retail Banking (International) at National Bank of Kuwait and has also 
worked with Citibank, ANZ Grindlays and Arab Bank in multiple geographies in Asia, the Middle East, 
Levant and North Africa.  
Mr. Malhotra holds a Master of Management, an integrated MBA (Finance) & Engineering Degree Program 
from Birla Institute of Technology & Science, BITS Pilani. During his 30 years’ experience, he has worked 
in India and the Middle East with prominent banks, including Citibank, ANZ Grindlays, National Bank of 
Kuwait, Arab Bank and National Bank of Oman. These engagements covered consumer banking, wealth 
management, business banking, regional strategy, merger & transformation, digital, technology and 
compliance. 
Mr. Musabbah Al Qaizi 
Mr. Al Qaizi has served as Chief Digital Officer at DIB since December 2021. 
Mr. Al Sharif has over 28 years’  experience in the technology field and has been with DIB for 22 years. He 
is a member of the Board of Tamweel.

--- Page 138 ---
127 
 
 
Mr. Al Sharif holds a Bachelor’s degree in Information Management System from the University of Arkansas 
in the United States. 
Mr. John Macedo 
Mr. Macedo was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of DIB in January 2016. Before joining DIB, Mr. 
Macedo was Chief Financial Officer of Saudi Hollandi Bank (Saudi Arabia) for 8 years and Director –Finance 
of Standard Bank (South Africa) for 7 years.  
Mr. Macedo holds an Executive MBA, a Bachelor of Accounts degree (Honors with distinction), Bachelor of 
Accounts (Certificate in the Theory of Accounting) with distinction and is a Professional Chartered 
Accountant of South Africa. He has more than 25 years of experience in finance. 
Mr Varun Sood 
Mr. Sood has served as Chief Transformation Officer at DIB since August 2021. 
Mr. Sood has over 32 years’  experience in leading banks. Prior to joining DIB, he was Regional Head, 
Consumer Credit Asia & Group Basel II Implementation at ABN AMRO Bank. He also worked with Mashreq 
Bank, Standard Chartered Bank and Ernst & Young in multiple geographies in Asia, the Middle East and 
Europe. 
Mr. Sood holds a degree in Economics from Delhi University in India. 
Mr Mian Nazir 
Mr. Nazir has served as Head of Internal Sharia Control at DIB since April 2020. 
Mr. Nazir is an active member of Sharia governance boards of various Islamic financial institutions in the 
GCC, South Asia and East Africa and, during his time at DIB, he has also held the position of CEO of Dar Al 
Sharia. 
Mr. Nazir holds a Master’s degree in Law from the University of Cambridge as well as Sharia qualifications 
from the International Islamic University Pakistan. 
Ms. Rafia Al Abbar 
Ms. Al Abbar has served as Head of Human Resources at DIB since January 2022. Her appointment as SVP-
Head of Human Resource is currently in the process of being confirmed with the Central Bank of the UAE. 
Ms. Al Abbar has over 17 years’ experience in Human Resources Management. Ms. Al Abbar has spent her 
whole career at DIB in various roles in the Human Resources area. 
Ms. Al Abbar has a Bachelor’s degree in E-Business Management from Higher Colleges of Technology in 
the UAE.Mr. Moosa Khoory 
Mr. Khoory has served as SVP- Group Head of Internal Sharia Audit at DIB since March 2020.  
Mr. Khoory is a member of Sharia forums for Islamic banks and financial institutions.  During his tenure in 
DIB, Mr Khoory has also held the position of Head of Training of Dar Al Sharia. 
Mr. Khoory has a dual Master’s degree in International Business Law (LLM) and Sharia and Islamic Studies 
(Islamic Jurisprudence and its Fundamentals). He is also currently pursuing a PhD in Islamic Finance. 
Mr. Noman Rasheed 
Mr. Rasheed has served as the SVP - Head of Information Technology at DIB since March 2020.  He has over 
22 years’ experience in transforming organisations through the means of digital means and innovation.

--- Page 139 ---
128 
 
 
Prior to joining DIB, Mr. Rasheed was Chief Information & Operations Office at Noor Bank. He was 
previously Director, Information Technology & Operations at Barclays Bank. He also worked with Mashreq 
Bank for nine years as Senior Manager Projects, MENA. 
Mr. Rasheed has a double Master’s degree in Information Technology and Management & Strategy. 
Mr. Omar Rahman 
Mr. Rahman has served as the Chief Legal Officer at DIB since March 2020.  He has over 25 years’ corporate 
and financial services experience in leading international law firms and financial institutions.   
Mr. Rahman worked as a solicitor in Simmons & Simmons (in London) and Dentons (in the UAE), before 
moving in-house into the financial services sector in 2005. 
Volkan Pekince 
Mr. Pekince has served as Group Chief of Internal Audit at DIB since November 2020.  He has over 22 years’ 
experience in the internal audit field in a range of multinational institutions across 13 countries. 
Mr. Pekince has a BSc degree in Electrical & Electronics Engineering. 
Abdul Rathore 
Mr. Rahore has served as Group Chief Compliance Officer at DIB since January 2022. He has over 28 years’ 
experience in banking.  
Prior to joining DIB, Mr. Rathore was the Global Chief Compliance Officer at Habib Bank Ltd, Pakistan. He 
was also Executive Director Supervision - Banking and Insurance at Abu Dhabi Global Markets and 
previously worked with Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank as Executive Vice President – Group Chief Compliance 
and Anti Money Laundering Officer. 
Mr. Rathore has a Global Executive MBA from INSEAD and an MSc degree in Finance and Financial Law 
from the University of London (SOAS).   
Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee 
The Sharia Board comprises scholars of high repute with extensive experience of and exposure to law, 
economics and banking systems in various jurisdictions. The Sharia Board is appointed by DIB's shareholders 
at a general assembly meeting and its responsibilities include supervising the development of new and 
innovative Sharia-compliant products, issuing Fatwas (Sharia edicts) on any matter proposed to it by business 
units of the Group through Dar Al Sharia, ensuring through internal Sharia auditors that the transactions of the 
Group are carried out in compliance with the Fatwas issued by the Sharia Board, and providing guidance on 
any matter referred to it by DIB's management.  
The Sharia Board works closely with the internal Sharia Control department as well as Dar Al Sharia (a DIB 
subsidiary established in 2007 and engaged in providing Islamic finance consultancy to the industry). Dar Al 
Sharia assists in developing new Sharia-compliant products (including their structure, process and 
documentation), reviewing structure and documentation for sukuk, syndication and fund transactions, and 
obtaining ongoing guidance and approval from the Sharia Board. Dar Al Sharia is comprised of a number of 
highly qualified and experienced lawyers, bankers and Sharia scholars with expertise in Islamic banking and 
finance. 
The Sharia Board submits an annual report to the General Assembly of DIB's shareholders and the Board 
summarising issues, if any, which have been referred to it, as well as its opinion on the Group's overall 
functioning during the fiscal year under review. The Sharia Board's annual report is included in the Group's 
annual audited financial statements. 
The following table sets out the names of the current Sharia Board:

--- Page 140 ---
129 
 
 
Name 
 
Position 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari .................................................. 
 
Chairman 
Dr. Muhammad Abdulrahim Sultan Al Olama ................ 
 
Member 
Dr. Mohamad Akram Laldin ............................................ 
 
Member 
Dr. Ibrahim Ali Al Mansoori ........................................... 
 
Member 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem .................................................. 
 
Member 
Detailed below is brief biographical information on the members of the Sharia Board.  
Professor Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari is a Professor of Islamic Economics and the former Director of the Centre for 
Research in Islamic Economics at King Abdul Aziz University in Saudi Arabia. Dr. Elgari is the recipient of 
the Islamic Development Bank Prize in Islamic Banking and Finance and holds the KLIFF Islamic Finance 
Award for Most Outstanding Contribution to Islamic Finance (Individual). 
He is a member of the editorial board of several academic publications in the field of Islamic Finance and 
Jurisprudence, among them Journal of the Jurisprudence Academy (of the IWL), Journal of Islamic Economic 
Studies (IDB), Journal of Islamic Economic (IAIE, London) and the advisory board of Harvard Series in 
Islamic Law, Harvard Law School. 
Dr. Elgari is also an advisor to numerous Islamic financial institutions throughout the world and is notably on 
the Sharia board of the Dow Jones Islamic index as well as a member of the Islamic Fiqh Academy and the 
Islamic Accounting & Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institution (AAOIFI). 
Dr. Elgari holds a PhD in Economics from the University of California, USA. 
Sheikh Dr. Mohammad Abdul Rahim Sultan Al Olama 
Dr. Al Olama is a member of the Grand Islamic Scholars Body in Dubai, an Associate Professor of the School 
of Sharia at the United Arab Emirates University in Al Ain and an acknowledged expert in Islamic finance. 
Dr. Al Olama is also the head of the Fatwa Committee of the Zakat Funds in the UAE. 
He currently serves on a number of Sharia boards representing Islamic financial institutions and takaful 
companies. 
Dr. Al Olama has written extensively on modern Islamic finance and has presented numerous research papers 
at various international conferences. 
Dr. Al Olama holds a PhD in Comparative Islamic Law from Umm Al Qurra University in Mecca, Saudi 
Arabia. 
Prof. Dr. Mohamad Akram Laldin 
Prof. Dr. Mohamad Akram Laldin is currently the Executive Director of the International Sharia Research 
Academy for Islamic Finance. He is a Member of Bank Negara Malaysia's Sharia Advisory Council (SAC), a 
Member of the Sharia Advisory Employees Provident Fund (EPF), a Member of HSBC Amanah's Global 
Sharia Advisory Board, a Member of the Yassar Limited (Dubai) Sharia Advisory Board, a Member of the 
EAB (London) Sharia Advisory Board, Chairman of the Islamic Advisory Board of HSBC Insurance 
Singapore, Sharia Advisor to ZI Syariah Advisory Malaysia, a Member of Sharia Advisory Council 
International Islamic Financial Market (IIFM), Bahrain, a Committee member of AAOIFI Sharia Standards, 
Bahrain and other Boards across the globe. He is also the Member of the Board of Studies of the Institute of 
Islamic Banking and Finance, IIUM. 
Dr. Akram holds a B.A. Honours degree in Islamic Jurisprudence and Legislation from the University of 
Jordan, Amman, Jordan and a Ph.D. in Principles of Islamic Jurisprudence (Usul al-Fiqh) from the University 
of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom. He has presented many papers related to Islamic Banking and 
Finance and other Fiqh topics and has conducted many training sessions particularly on Islamic Banking and

--- Page 141 ---
130 
 
 
Finance for different sectors since 1999. He is also a prolific author of academic works specifically in the areas 
of Islamic Banking and Finance. He received the Zaki Badawi Award 2010 for Excellence in Sharia Advisory 
and Research. He has participated and presented papers in numerous local and international conferences. 
Dr. Ibrahim Ali Al Mansoori  
Dr Ibrahim Ali Abdullah Al-Mansoori is a prominent Sharia scholar from the UAE with an active focus on 
the Islamic banking and finance industry. He is Director of Sharjah Islamic Center for Economy & Finance 
Studies and is the Assistant Professor of Economy & Islamic Banks at the University of Sharjah. 
Dr Al-Mansoori is the Chairman of Internal Sharia Supervision Committee (ISSC) of Al Hilal Bank and a 
member of various ISSCs of Islamic financial institutions. 
Dr Al-Mansoori holds a Ph.D. in Economics & Islamic Banking, as well as two Masters degrees in Economics 
& Islamic Banking and Pedagogical Psychology. He has authored various research papers on contemporary 
matters relating to Islamic Banking. 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem 
Dr. Qaseem holds a PhD (Islamic Studies) from the Faculty of Usul ud Dinis, University of Karachi. He has 
been a member of the Sharia boards of many other institutions. Dr. Qaseem has taught various courses for a 
number of B.A. and M.A. programmes of the International Islamic University, Islamabad. 
Dr. Qaseem has produced many academic contributions, articles and literary and translation works. 
EMPLOYEES (EXCLUDES OUTSOURCED STAFF) 
As at 31 December 2021, DIB had 1,831 employees compared to 1,761 employees as at 31 December 2020 
and 1,726 employees as at 31 December 2019.  
DIB places a significant focus in supporting the UAE's emiratisation agenda that has a goal to increase UAE 
nationals working in the public and private sector by a factor of ten. DIB's emiratisation ratio has grown over 
45 years to make up almost half its total employees. As at 31 December 2021, the total number of Emiratis in 
DIB reached 819 compared to 890 Emiratis as at 31 December 2020 and 685 Emiratis as at 31 December 
2019.  DIB remains on track to meet the emiratisation target set by the Central Bank, and is a strong believer 
in the fact that emiratisation has had a positive impact on its growth and success, as well as the UAE's overall 
social and economic development.

--- Page 142 ---
131 
 
 
THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES BANKING SECTOR AND REGULATIONS 
SUMMARY 
Within the UAE as a whole, the financial and insurance activities sector was estimated to have contributed 
approximately 8.1 per cent. of real GDP in 2021, according to preliminary estimates published by the Federal 
Competitiveness and Statistics Centre. 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector as at 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Total number of banks(1) ....................................  
49 
48 
48 
Total number of branches(1) ................................  
587 
637 
735 
Total gross credit(2) (AED billion) ......................  
1,794 
1,779 
1,759 
Total deposits (AED billion) ..............................  
1,996 
1,884 
1,870 
Total assets (AED billion) ..................................  
3,321 
3,188 
3,083 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Excluding wholesale foreign banks, of which there were 10 as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 and 11 as at 31 December 2019. 
(2) 
Extended to residents and non-residents. Excludes interest in suspense.  
Source: Central Bank 
THE CENTRAL BANK 
The Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks operating 
in the UAE. Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 (the 2018 Law) empowers the Central Bank to license and regulate 
banks and non-banking financial institutions under the law's objective of safeguarding the stability of financial 
system in the UAE.  The other objectives set out in the 2018 Law include maintaining stability of the dirham 
and prudently managing the Central Bank's foreign reserves. 
The 2018 Law requires the Central Bank to, among other matters: 
 
draw up and implement monetary policy while considering the UAE’s general strategy; 
 
exercise the privilege of currency issuance; 
 
organise licensed financial activities, establish the foundations for carrying them on and determine the 
standards required for developing and promoting prudential practices in accordance with the 
provisions of 2018 Law and international standards; 
 
establish appropriate regulations and standards for the protection of consumers of licensed financial 
institutions; 
 
monitor the credit condition in the UAE in order to contribute to the achievement of balanced growth 
in the national economy; 
 
manage foreign reserves to maintain, at all times, sufficient foreign currency assets to cover the 
monetary base in accordance with the 2018 Law; 
 
regulate, develop, oversee and maintain the soundness of the financial infrastructure systems in the 
UAE, including electronic payment systems, digital currency and stored value facilities; and 
 
regulate, develop and oversee the insurance sector and business, and propose and implement 
regulating legislation in this regard.

--- Page 143 ---
132 
 
 
SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN THE UAE 
The Central Bank's supervisory objective, consistent with the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision's core 
principles for effective banking supervision, is to promote the safety and soundness of licensed institutions as 
well as the banking and financial market. In so doing, the Central Bank aims to protect the rights of depositors, 
promote transparency and fair dealing by financial institutions in relation to their customers and counterparties 
and ensure effective market discipline. 
Using a risk-based supervision approach, the Central Bank assesses the risk management policies and practices 
used by licensed institutions to control, reduce and mitigate risk. Risk-based supervision focuses the level of 
supervisory attention on those risk areas that pose the greatest risk to the banks' safety and soundness. It also 
supports the Central Bank in achieving its regulatory objectives, while taking into account the need to employ 
its resources in the most efficient and effective manner. 
Through a mix of on-site and off-site supervision, the Central Bank seeks to evaluate the condition of licensed 
institutions, their risk profile, their risk management processes, their internal control environment and the 
corrective measures necessary to address any supervisory concerns. The specific mix between on-site and off-
site supervision is determined by the condition of the licensed institution, the quality of the prudential data 
reported for off-site supervision and the significance of the institution to the financial stability of the banking 
and financial market. As the maturity of the management and quality in reporting of the licensed institutions 
increases, the Central Bank aims to place increased reliance on off-site monitoring, although the overall 
supervision strategy is set for each individual licensed institution based on its complexity, risk profile and 
potential impact on the safety and soundness of the financial system as well as any impact on the supervisory 
objectives. 
The Central Bank is also tasked with sponsoring anti-money laundering activities in the UAE. The UAE 
financial intelligence unit, known as the Financial Intelligence Department, is located within the Central Bank 
and the Governor of the Central Bank is also the chairman of the National Anti-Money Laundering and 
Combating Financing of Terrorism Committee in the UAE. AML/CTF legislation in the UAE was amended 
in November 2018 and the Central Bank enhanced the risk-based AML/CTF supervision of banks, exchange 
houses and other relevant entities and is increasing its efforts to ensure licensed financial institutions desist 
from dealing with sanctioned individuals and monitor and report execution of suspicious transactions. 
In April 2020, the Financial Action Task Force (the FATF) issued its Mutual Evaluation Report (MER) on 
the UAE’s AML/CFT measures. Based on an assessment conducted in 2019, the MER analyses the level of 
the UAE’s compliance with the FATF 40 recommendations and the effectiveness of its AML/CTF system and 
provides recommendations on how the system could be strengthened. Based on the MER, the UAE’s National 
Strategy has been revised in line with the risks identified in the MER and the UAE’s National Risk 
Assessment. 
The UAE ranks 24 on Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index 2021, which ranks 180 
countries in terms of their perceived level of public sector corruption. In early 2019, the UAE authorities 
finalised a national risk assessment shared with key stakeholders, and conducted outreach programmes. The 
output of the national risk assessment was embedded in the Central Bank's risk-based supervisory approach.  
STRUCTURE OF THE BANKING SYSTEM 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories. As at 31 December 2021, there were 22 
commercial banks, including one specialised digital bank, and one investment bank (institutions which may 
not accept deposits with maturities of less than two years but which may borrow from their head offices or 
other banks and the financial markets) classified as domestic banks, also known as “national” banks. 
Licensed foreign banks, of which there were 27 commercial banks and 10 wholesale banks at 31 December 
2021, function in a similar manner to commercial banks, except that they are prohibited from accepting 
deposits from individuals.

--- Page 144 ---
133 
 
 
In addition, there are other financial institutions whose principal functions are to extend credit, carry out 
financial transactions, invest in moveable property and other activities but are not permitted to accept funds in 
the form of deposits and financial and monetary intermediaries (such as money and stock brokers), known as 
finance companies. 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE BANKING SYSTEM 
Limited progress towards consolidation 
The UAE may be, and has historically been, seen as being over-banked with 49 banks (comprising 22 locally 
incorporated banks and 27 foreign banks (excluding 10 foreign wholesale banks)) licensed to operate inside 
the UAE as at 31 December 2021 (source: the Central Bank), serving a population estimated to be in the region 
of approximately 9.3 million people at the end of 2020 (source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Centre). 
Traditionally there has been little impetus for consolidation. However, mergers in the past have tended to come 
as a result of banks facing financial difficulties. The federal structure of the country has, to some extent, 
encouraged the fragmented nature of the banking sector, with the individual Emirates wishing to retain their 
own national banks. Rivalries between large local business families and a desire not to dilute shareholdings 
have also hampered the process of consolidation. As a result, between the October 2007 merger of the Emirates 
Bank International P.J.S.C. and National Bank of Dubai P.J.S.C., and the April 2017 merger between National 
Bank of Abu Dhabi P.J.S.C. and First Gulf Bank P.J.S.C. there was limited merger activity domestically in 
the sector. In May 2019, there was a three-way merger between Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC, Al Hilal 
Bank P.J.S.C. and Union National Bank P.J.S.C. and, in January 2020, DIB completed its acquisition of Noor 
Bank.  
If consolidation continues it may reduce the level of concentration in the domestic banking sector and lead to 
a significant alteration of the competitive environment with fewer, larger locally incorporated banks 
competing for the larger financing transactions in the region with the foreign banks, which have tended to 
have comparatively larger franchises, with greater infrastructure and resources with which to absorb capital 
costs, such as information technology system development. 
In addition, the advent of WTO liberalisation should allow greater competition from foreign banks, both from 
new entrants to the market and from existing players expanding their operations, which may eventually result 
in more mergers, possibly even creating banks with pan-Gulf franchises. 
Domestic focus 
The UAE incorporated banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market but a number have small 
operations overseas and are showing growing interest in cross-border business, a trend which is likely to 
continue in the event of further merger activity in the sector. With a large number of banks competing for a 
limited number of wholesale lending opportunities, most banks have turned to retail banking, a previously 
untapped market. However, increasing competition in this area is gradually eroding margins and encouraging 
a relaxation of lending criteria. As the market has been tested only to a limited extent under adverse conditions, 
it is difficult to predict the future likelihood of asset quality problems. 
Expansion of retail operations has required heavy investment in distribution channels, particularly ATM 
networks, kiosks and telephone and Internet banking services. As a consequence, IT and premises costs have 
been a prominent feature of many banks' expenses in addition to employee costs. 
Limited foreign ownership 
In 1987, the UAE federal government placed a freeze on new foreign banks opening operations in the UAE. 
At the same time, existing foreign banks were limited to a maximum of eight branches, which restricted their 
ability to develop any retail potential. However, three banks of GCC state origin, National Bank of Kuwait, 
SAMBA (now Saudi National Bank) and Doha Bank, were awarded licences by the Central Bank following 
an agreement to allow market access to banks of GCC state origin in line with continuing efforts in regional 
integration.

--- Page 145 ---
134 
 
 
The opening of the DIFC has enabled international banks to establish a presence and compete in the wholesale 
banking market and this has seen new entities entering the market place. 
Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 (the 2018 Federal Law) amended the minimum permissible shareholding by 
UAE nationals in UAE banks to 60 per cent. Further to this, in August 2021 DIB announced the increase of 
its foreign ownership limit from 25 per cent. to 40 per cent. after receiving approval from the Central Bank 
and the Securities and Commodity Authority. 
Exposure to the oil sector 
With much of the economy directly or indirectly dependent on the oil sector, UAE banks are potentially 
vulnerable to business erosion during long periods of low oil prices. In particular, oil revenues tend to drive 
levels of liquidity and government infrastructure investment. Gradually, however, private non-oil sectors are 
gaining ground and the UAE economy is becoming less susceptible to oil price movements. 
Islamic banking 
Sharia law forbids the charging of interest on any financial transaction. A number of banks, including DIB, 
have developed in the Islamic world to serve customers who wish to observe this principle. These institutions 
offer a range of products which, whilst broadly corresponding with conventional banking transactions, are 
structured in a way which avoids the application of interest. 
The UAE is home to numerous institutions offering Islamic banking and financial products. Such institutions 
include DIB, Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank, Emirates Islamic Bank, Al Hilal Bank, Sharjah Islamic Bank, Ajman 
Bank, Dubai Islamic Insurance & Reinsurance Company (AMAN), Islamic Arab Insurance Co., Tamweel and 
Amlak Finance. The number of Islamic finance institutions continues to rise, with both new entrants to the 
market and existing conventional banks recasting themselves as Islamic banks. In addition, conventional 
financial institutions often offer Sharia-compliant products. 
Legal environment 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE: federal laws and decrees, local laws and Sharia law. In 
addition, Emiri decrees can be issued by the Rulers of each of the Emirates which, when issued, have full legal 
effect and operation in such Emirate. The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of 
federal legislation on areas specifically reserved to federal authority, the Ruler of a given Emirate or local 
government will apply their or its own rules, regulations and practices. 
Lack of developed capital markets 
The absence of mature bond or equity markets in the UAE means that banks have often shouldered the burden 
of long-term financing. This has tended to create a maturity mismatch in their balance sheets, as most of their 
liabilities are short-term customer deposits. Although the two stock markets, the Dubai Financial Market and 
the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (both of which were established in 2000), have grown rapidly over recent 
years and have benefitted from the inclusion of the UAE in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index in 2014, they 
continue to experience bouts of volatility. 
During 2002, the Government of Dubai issued a decree establishing the DIFC. The DIFC, located in Dubai, 
is a free trade zone and financial services centre focusing on private banking, asset management, investment 
banking, re-insurance activities, Islamic finance, securities trading and back office operations. The DIFC has 
its own civil and commercial laws and has been granted authority to self-legislate in civil and commercial 
cases. Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange) is a securities exchange 
located in the DIFC which commenced operations on 26 September 2005. In May 2011, the DFM acquired 
two thirds of the shares in Nasdaq Dubai, in accordance with plans announced in December 2009 to 
consolidate markets. The two markets linked their platforms in July 2010, through the outsourcing by Nasdaq 
Dubai of its trading, clearing, settlement and custody functions for equities to DFM's systems. Responsibility 
for maintaining Nasdaq Dubai's Official List was transferred to the Dubai Financial Services Authority with 
effect from 1 October 2011.

--- Page 146 ---
135 
 
 
Government involvement 
Most of the larger banks in the UAE have some degree of government ownership. Privatisation, though 
advocated in principle, has been slow to happen in practice. The state and its related entities are also the 
banking sector's largest customer, in terms of both deposits and project financing. 
Expatriate workforce 
The UAE economy is reliant on overseas labour. The banking sector is no exception to this and expatriates 
are employed in the senior management of most of the major banks. This has brought expertise from more 
developed markets to the sector. However, to ensure increased representation of Emiratis in the UAE financial 
sector (overall as well as in critical roles) and to support their professional development, the Central Bank has 
introduced a point-based scoring system as part of its Emiratisation policy, which takes into account the 
employment and progression of Emirati employees in the organisation. The minimum threshold for Emirati 
employees for each institution is dependent on a number of factors. The Emiratisation Circular does not set 
any upper limit at which the policy would no longer be applicable. If UAE banks are not able to achieve their 
targets for recruiting and progressing UAE nationals through their organisation, they will be subject to 
penalties which are computed in accordance with a specific formula set out in the Emiratisation Circular. 
Accounting standards 
All UAE banks are required to prepare their financial statements in accordance with IFRS.  
Shari'a compliance 
Islamic banking regulations requires financial institutions licensed by the Central Bank to operate their 
business activities in compliance with the rules, standards and general principles established by the Higher 
Shari'a Authority and, in certain circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the consent of the 
Higher Shari'a Authority before undertaking certain licensed financial activities. 
RECENT TRENDS IN BANKING 
Liquidity 
The Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that banks have 
adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as contingency plans to cope with 
periods of liquidity stress. Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by 
the Central Bank. In this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets 
maturing after six months. 
Most UAE banks are funded principally through on demand, time or savings customer deposits made by 
private individuals or UAE non-governmental entities. Together, these deposits constituted 81.7 per cent. of 
total domestic deposits (excluding commercial prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) 
from residents and non-residents of the national banks in the UAE banking sector at 31 December 2021. 
Government deposits contributed 18.3 per cent. of the total domestic deposits (excluding commercial 
prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) from residents and non-residents of the national 
banks in the UAE banking sector at 31 December 2021.  
There is currently no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted 
to fail, during the 1980s and early 1990s a number of banks were restructured by the authorities and, in May 
2011, Dubai Bank was taken over by the Government of Dubai. In response to the global financial crisis, both 
the Central Bank and the UAE federal government provided assistance to UAE banks and further assistance 
was provided in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, see "- COVID-19" below. 
In order to enhance the prudential liquidity framework for banks operating in the UAE, the Central Bank 
requires each bank to hold at least 10 per cent. of its liabilities in eligible liquid assets that are of high quality 
(HQLAs) to ensure that they will be able to meet their individual liquidity needs on an on-going basis. The

--- Page 147 ---
136 
 
 
liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) with a required level of 100 per cent. has been in place since 1 January 2019. 
The lending to stable resources ratio of banks should not exceed 100 per cent. Banks approved to apply the 
Basel III liquidity standards are also required to have a net stable funding ratio (NSFR) of at least 100 per 
cent. since 1 January 2018. 
The LCR represents a 30 day stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank specific and 
market wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data representing the main liquidity risk 
drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30 day stress scenario. The LCR requires that banks 
should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with eligible high quality liquid assets at the minimum 
LCR determined by the Central Bank. The Basel III accord requires that this minimum is 100 per cent. The 
Liquidity Notice describes in detail eligible liquid assets for this purpose. As noted under "- COVID-19" below, 
as part of the TESS, banks that are subject to the LCR were able to fall below the regulatory LCR requirement 
of 100 per cent. provided that their LCR remained higher than or equal to 70 per cent. until 30 June 2022.  
The NSFR is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate stable funding to fund the assets 
on their balance sheets. The NSFR also requires an amount of stable funding to cover a portion of the relevant 
bank’s contingent liabilities. The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR standard. The NSFR identifies the key 
uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the UAE banks. It assigns available stable 
funding (ASF) factors to the sources of funds and required stable funding (RSF) (usage) factors to asset classes 
and off balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor depends on the terms of funding and the 
perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned RSF factor depends on the liquidity and tenor of the 
asset being funded. Both factors follow the Basel III NSFR standard. The NSFR minimum is 100 per cent. As 
part of the TESS, the regulatory NSFR limit was decreased from 100 per cent. to 90 per cent. until 30 June 
2022. 
Significant liquidity and funding support was also provided to the banking sector in response to COVID-19 
under the TESS. The key TESS measures in this area included prudential relief measures on liquidity and 
stable funding requirements, reduction in reserve requirements and the collateralised zero-cost funding 
facility. 
Marginal lending facility (MLF) 
On 15 April 2014, the Central Bank introduced the MLF which allows non-Islamic UAE banks to use foreign 
exchange or certain rated securities to access Central Bank liquidity overnight in order to help their liquidity 
management during times of market stress. 
Eligible assets that can be used as collateral must be tradeable and include U.S. dollars in the form of a foreign 
exchange swap and monetary bills issued by the Central Bank. Securities issued by entities originated in the 
UAE or in other jurisdictions, such as supranational, sovereign, agency, municipal, public sector, structured, 
financial, and corporate entities can also be used as collateral, but must carry a minimum 'AA-' credit rating 
from one of the three main international rating agencies. Banks accessing the MLF must borrow a minimum 
of AED 10 million. In order to contain the impact of COVID-19, the UAE Central Bank has reduced the cost 
of borrowing under MLF to 50 basis points (from 100 basis points) over the official UAE base rate. 
Collateralized Murabaha Facility (CMF) 
On 1 April 2015, the Central Bank introduced the CMF which allows Islamic banks in the UAE, in accordance 
with Sharia rules, to use foreign exchange or certain rated securities to access Central Bank liquidity overnight 
to help their liquidity management during times of market stress.  
Eligible assets that can be used as collateral must be tradeable and include U.S. dollars in the form of a foreign 
exchange swap and Islamic Certificates of Deposits issued by the Central Bank. Sukuk issued by entities 
originated in the UAE or in other jurisdictions, such as supranational, sovereign, agency, municipal, public 
sector, structured, financial, and corporate entities can also be used as collateral, but must carry a minimum 
'AA-' credit rating from one of the three main international rating agencies. Eligible lenders accessing the 
CMF must borrow a minimum of AED 10 million. In order to contain the impact of COVID-19, the Central

--- Page 148 ---
137 
 
 
Bank has reduced the cost of borrowing under CMF to 50 basis points (from 100 basis points) over the official 
UAE base rate. 
Contingent Liquidity Insurance Facility (CLIF) 
On 1 March 2022, the Central Bank introduced the CLIF which allows UAE banks, in the event of stress, to 
use certain rated securities to access Central Bank liquidity on an overnight or term basis to help their liquidity 
management during times of market stress. Eligible assets that can be used as collateral must be tradeable and 
include securities issued by entities originated in the UAE or in other jurisdictions, such as supranational, 
sovereign, agency, municipal, public sector, structured, financial, and corporate entities. Eligible lenders 
accessing the CLIF must borrow a minimum of AED 10 million. 
Capital adequacy 
The Central Bank requires that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the UAE is in line with the rules 
outlined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in Basel III, a global regulatory framework for more 
resilient banks and banking systems. The Basel III capital framework imposes a minimum Common Equity 
Tier 1 (CET 1) capital requirement of 7 per cent., a Tier 1 capital requirement of 8.5 per cent. and a total 
capital requirement of 10.5 per cent. Basel III also imposes three capital buffer requirements on top of the 
minimum capital requirements, that must be fulfilled with CET1 capital. These requirements are the capital 
conservation buffer at 2.5 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, surcharges for domestic systemically important 
banks and a countercyclical buffer. The calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank 
for International Settlements minimum standards. In particular, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central 
governments and central banks are risk weighted at zero per cent. and claims on GCC government non-
commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 100 per cent. 
As noted under "- COVID-19", as part of the TESS, banks were able to utilise 100 per cent. of their D-SIBB 
and 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer without supervisory consequences until 30 June 2022. In 
addition, the Central Bank is allowing banks to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. 
The prudential filter allows any increase in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially 
added back to regulatory capital. This allows IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five year 
period until 31 December 2024. Furthermore, the planned implementation of certain Basel III capital 
requirements has been phased-in gradually in stages until 30 June 2022. 
Reserve requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control credit 
expansion. The reserve requirements set a mandatory cash reserve of 14 per cent. of all current, call and 
savings deposits and 1 per cent. of all time deposits, respectively, based on balances calculated on the 15th of 
each month. As noted under "- COVID-19" below, as part of the Central Bank's stimulus package in response 
to COVID-19, the minimum reserve requirement for all current, call and savings deposits has been decreased 
from 14 per cent. to 7 per cent. 
Credit controls 
Banks in the UAE are required by the Central Bank to establish credit policies and procedures commensurate 
with their size and activities. They must also have a proper credit assessment and approval process and 
adequate controls in place to monitor credit concentrations to, among others, individual borrowers, economic 
sectors and foreign countries. 
The Central Bank circular dated 23 February 2011 (the Retail Circular) on retail banking and Notice No. 
31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the Official Gazette on 28 November 2013 and 
entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the Mortgage Regulations), introduced regulations regarding bank 
loans and other services offered to individual customers. These regulations, among other things, impose 
maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail products. For example, the regulations require that 
the amount of any personal consumer loan shall not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower 
with the repayment period not exceeding 48 months. Additionally, the Mortgage Regulations specify that the

--- Page 149 ---
138 
 
 
amount of mortgage loans for non-UAE nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the property value for a 
first purchase of a home (with a value of less than or equal to AED 5 million), 65 per cent. of the property 
value for a first purchase of a home (with a value greater than AED 5 million) and 60 per cent. of the property 
value (irrespective of the value of the property) for second and subsequent homes. For UAE nationals, the 
corresponding limits are set at 80 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or 
equal to AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. 
of the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
Large exposures 
The Central Bank has adopted certain rules designed to ensure that banks’ credit policies are sound and that 
undue risks do not arise from excessive concentration of credit to a single borrower or a group of related 
borrowers, thereby safeguarding the relevant bank’s solvency. 
The Central Bank’s Large Exposures Notice sets percentage limits for banks’ maximum exposures relative 
to the size of their capital base to specified entities. These entities or groups include the UAE federal and local 
governments and their commercial and non-commercial entities, single borrowers or groups of related 
borrowers and inter-bank exposures. Large exposures include funded and unfunded exposures and unused 
commitment lines (based on cash conversion factors) to a single borrower or group (including government-
related entities) which exceed 25 per cent. of a bank’s capital base. A bank’s aggregate exposure to each 
emirate in the UAE is not allowed to exceed 100 per cent. of its capital base. Limits for foreign interbank 
exposures have been fixed at 30 per cent. for a bank or banking group. Claims on the Central Bank, the IMF 
and other similar entities, highly rated marketable bonds and sukuk issued by an emirate and deposits under 
lien may be excluded from large exposure calculations. Large exposures are monitored by the UAE Central 
Bank through quarterly returns. 
Provisions for loan losses 
In order to ensure that banks correctly classify their loans and thus accurately report their profit or loss, the 
Central Bank issued Circular No 28/2010 in November 2010 (the Loan Classification Circular). Under the 
Loan Classification Circular, banks are required to classify their loans and advances into five main categories: 
normal loans, watch-list loans, sub-standard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans. Subject to the detailed 
guidelines in the Loan Classification Circular, the first two categories represent performing loans and generally 
no specific provisions are required in respect of them. Banks are required to make a specific provision of 25 
per cent. of the balance outstanding for sub-standard loans, 50 per cent. for doubtful loans and 100 per cent. 
for loss loans. In order to strengthen the capital position of banks, they are additionally required to make a 
general provision of 1.5 per cent. of their total credit risk-weighted assets. 
The Central Bank enhanced its reporting of non-performing loans for the UAE banking system in the first 
quarter of 2019, to align its methodology with international best practices. 
Banks in the UAE are also required to follow IFRS 9, which was introduced for financial reporting periods 
commencing on 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 replaced IAS 39 and introduced an ECL model for the measurement 
of the impairment of financial assets, such that it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred 
before a credit loss is recognised. The guiding principle of the ECL model is to reflect the general pattern of 
deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial instruments. IFRS 9 provision uses a three stage 
approach in recognising increased credit risk at each stage of risk (i.e., stage 1 for current facilities, stage 2 for 
significant increase in credit risk and stage 3 for impaired loans). 
On 27 March 2020, the IASB issued a guidance note, advising that both the assessment of a significant increase 
in credit risk and the measurement of ECLs are required to be based on reasonable and supportable information 
that is available to an entity without undue cost or effort. In assessing forecast conditions, consideration should 
be given both to the effects of COVID-19 and the significant government support measures being undertaken. 
As noted under "- COVID-19" below, the IFRS 9 staging and classification of loans of customers that are stage 
1 and are receiving relief is expected to remain unchanged during the period of the scheme and not

--- Page 150 ---
139 
 
 
downgraded. In addition, a part of the Central Bank's stimulus package in response to COVID-19, banks are 
able to apply a prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter will allow any increase 
in IFRS 9 provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This 
will allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five year period until 31 December 2024. 
Risk management 
In June 2018, the Central Bank published its "Risk Management Regulation" and "Risk Management 
Standards" for UAE banks. The purpose of these regulations and standards is to establish a prudential 
framework for risk management in banks and to strengthen risk management across the banking sector. The 
areas covered by these standards are (a) risk management function, (b) risk measurement and use of models, 
(c) stress testing, (d) information systems, (e) strategic and operational decisions, (f) group risk management, 
(g) disclosures, and (h) Islamic banking. For details of DIB's implementation of these regulations and 
standards, see "Risk Management – Change in Risk Management Regulation". 
Corporate governance 
Banks in the UAE are subject to the Corporate Governance Regulations and the Corporate Governance 
Standards which were issued by the Central Bank in 2019 to a view to ensuring banks have a comprehensive 
approach to corporate governance. 
ESTABLISHING A CREDIT BUREAU IN THE UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau (AECB) is a federal government organisation specialised in providing UAE-based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the UAE Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE-based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements (as DIB has done) and/or made successful 
initial data submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. The implementation of 
regulations for the sharing of credit report data and the commercial operation of the UAE's first credit bureau 
is expected to reduce the risk involved in the origination of customer lending and banking business generally. 
COVID-19 
Both the Federal government and the Central Bank announced COVID-19-related stimulus measures. The 
Federal government package totalled AED 26.5 billion and envisaged the acceleration of infrastructure 
projects, the reduction of government fees (notably a six-month suspension of work permit fees and the 
reduction of the fees at the Ministry of the Economy), in particular to support SMEs and a 50 per cent. rebate 
of the bank guarantee that firms provide for each expatriate employee. 
On 14 March 2020, the Central Bank announced its TESS, at the time an AED 100 billion stimulus package 
to address the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy. The scheme was expanded to AED 256 
billion on 4 April 2020, in response to the potential widening repercussions of the pandemic on the domestic 
economy. 
The TESS consisted of the following measures: 
 
AED 50 billion of funds made available through collateralised loans at zero cost to all banks and finance 
companies operating in the UAE; 
 
AED 50 billion of funds freed up from banks’ capital buffers; 
 
a reduction of the required reserve ratio on demand deposits by half, to 7 per cent., freeing up about AED 
61 billion of liquidity for banks; and 
 
AED 95 billion equivalent in relief through reduced liquidity requirements for banks.

--- Page 151 ---
140 
 
 
Additional TESS measures were introduced on 8 August 2020, in relation to stable funding relief, which 
further enhanced banks’ lending capacity to support the UAE economy. 
The TESS deferral programme provided eligible retail and private corporate bank clients with temporary relief 
from the payments of principal and/or interest during the period when their cash-flows were disrupted. In 
particular, the enhanced TESS supported micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) by encouraging 
banks to provide small businesses with payment deferrals and access to new credit lines. 
The first phase of the Central Bank’s TESS exit strategy focused on the gradual unwinding of the TESS loan 
deferral programme which was phased down to 50 per cent. by 30 September 2021 and phased out fully by 
31 December 2021. The phasing out of the deferral programme was aligned with the objectives of a timely 
exit from measures whose prolonged utilisation may increase vulnerabilities. 
In ensuring continued support for the recovery, the precautionary TESS recovery programme remained in 
place until 30 June 2022. To provide banks with additional flexibility to support the UAE economy, TESS 
prudential relief measures on capital requirements, liquidity requirements and stable funding requirements 
also remained in place until 30 June 2022. 
Furthermore, support measures that temporarily remain in place after 30 June 2022 include the reduced reserve 
requirements, a decreased down-payment requirement for new mortgage loans and the prudential filter.

--- Page 152 ---
141 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents (i) will be available for inspection at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as 
defined in the Conditions) and/or (ii) may be provided by email to a Certificateholder following its prior 
written request to the Principal Paying Agent and the provision of evidence satisfactory to the Principal 
Paying Agent as to its holding of the relevant Certificates and identity. 
Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement was entered into on 14 June 2021 between DIB Sukuk Limited (in its 
capacities as Trustee and as Purchaser) and DIB (in its capacity as Seller) and is governed by the laws of Dubai 
and, to the extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE. A Supplemental Purchase Contract 
(together with the Master Purchase Agreement, each a Purchase Agreement) between the same parties will 
be entered into on the Issue Date of each Tranche and will also be governed by the laws of Dubai and, to the 
extent applicable in Dubai, the federal laws of the UAE. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Seller will 
sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will purchase from the Seller, (i) (on the issue date of the first Tranche 
of a Series) the relevant Initial Portfolio together with the transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Purchaser 
of all of the Seller’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Assets which comprise 
the relevant Initial Portfolio and (ii) (on each date on which any additional Certificates are issued) the relevant 
Additional Portfolio together with the transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Purchaser of all of the 
Seller’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Assets which comprise the relevant 
Additional Portfolio. 
Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agency Agreement was entered into on 16 November 2022 between DIB Sukuk Limited (in its 
capacity Trustee) and DIB (as Service Agent of each Portfolio) and is governed by English law. 
Services 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee has appointed the Service Agent to service the 
Portfolio applicable to each Series. In particular, the Service Agent will, in relation to each Series, perform, 
amongst other things, the following services (the Services) as agent of the Trustee: 
(a) 
it will service the Portfolio in accordance with the service plan set out in the Schedule to the Service 
Agency Agreement (a copy of which will be scheduled to the relevant Supplemental Purchase 
Contract), which includes the annual amount of expected Portfolio Income Revenues (as defined 
below) of the Portfolio (the Expected Portfolio Income Revenues Amount), which shall be 
completed at the time of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series upon receipt from the Trustee 
of the relevant Supplemental Purchase Contract and shall be updated from time to time upon the issue 
of any further Tranche of the same Series; 
(b) 
it will ensure that, on the Issue Date of each Tranche of a Series 100 per cent. of the Value of the 
Initial Portfolio, or the Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, is derived from Tangible Assets; 
(c) 
it will procure that, at all times following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, more than 50 
per cent. of the Portfolio Value is derived from Tangible Assets and in the event that, at any time, the 
aggregate Value of the Tangible Assets comprised within the Portfolio is not more than 50 per cent. 
(but is at least equal to 33 per cent.) of the Portfolio Value, the Service Agent will take any and all 
steps as may be required by the Internal Sharia Supervision Committee of DIB to raise such percentage 
to a level that is more than 50 per cent. of the Portfolio Value within the time period determined by 
the Internal Sharia Supervision Committee of DIB. A breach of this requirement will not, however, 
constitute a DIB Event; 
(d) 
it will at no time substitute any Asset(s) for any Asset(s) of a Value less than the Value of the Asset(s) 
so substituted;

--- Page 153 ---
142 
 
 
(e) 
it will promptly place (for and on behalf of the Trustee) all Portfolio Principal Revenues in acquiring, 
for and on behalf of the Trustee, further Tangible Assets made available by or on behalf of DIB; 
(f) 
it will do all acts and things (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and 
commencement of any proceedings) that it considers (and without the need for the consent of the 
Trustee) reasonably necessary to ensure the assumption of, and compliance by each Asset Obligor 
with its covenants, undertakings or other obligations under the Asset Contract to which it is a party in 
accordance with applicable law and the terms of the Asset Contract, in each case in respect of the 
Assets; 
(g) 
it will discharge or procure the discharge of all obligations to be discharged by DIB (in whatever 
capacity) in respect of any of the Assets under all Asset Contracts, it being acknowledged that the 
Service Agent may appoint one or more agents to discharge these obligations on its behalf; 
(h) 
it will pay on behalf of the Trustee any actual costs, expenses, losses and Taxes (as defined in the 
Service Agency Agreement) which would otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of the 
Trustee’s ownership of the Portfolio, such actual costs, expenses, losses and Taxes will be reimbursed 
in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(i) 
it will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Portfolio Revenues, investigate 
non-payment of Portfolio Revenues and generally make all reasonable efforts to collect or enforce the 
collection of such Portfolio Revenues under all Asset Contracts as and when the same shall become 
due so that the Portfolio Income Revenues are at least equal to the Expected Portfolio Income 
Revenues Amount; 
(j) 
it will ensure that all Portfolio Income Revenues are received free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, Taxes (as defined therein); 
(k) 
it will maintain the Collection Accounts as described further under “Collection Accounts” below; 
(l) 
it will obtain all necessary authorisations in connection with any of the Assets and its obligations 
under or in connection with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(m) 
it will use its best endeavours in providing the Services to maintain the Portfolio Value at least equal 
to the outstanding face amount of the relevant Certificates (through, including, without limitation, 
requesting the substitution by DIB pursuant to the Sale Undertaking, of Assets as required from time 
to time); 
(n) 
it will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that all Asset Obligors in respect of Tangible Assets 
maintain industry standard insurances and fulfil all structural repair and major maintenance 
obligations in respect of the relevant Tangible Assets (each in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Asset Contracts relating to the Tangible Assets); and 
(o) 
it will use its reasonable endeavours to procure that the legal title to the Assets is held by DIB (in its 
capacity as seller) for and on behalf of the Trustee for so long as such Assets are comprised within the 
Portfolio. 
The Service Agent has undertaken in the Service Agency Agreement, in relation to each Series, that it shall 
maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Assets comprising the Portfolio 
during the Ownership Period, provided that (i) it is legally possible for the Service Agent to so maintain; and 
(ii) such maintenance shall not result in a breach of the terms of the relevant Asset Contracts. 
The Trustee and the Service Agent have acknowledged and agreed that the occurrence of a Tangibility Event 
shall constitute a DIB Event. 
For the purposes of the Service Agency Agreement:  
Asset Contract means the contracts and/or other agreements and/or documents evidencing or otherwise 
related to or associated with an Asset;

--- Page 154 ---
143 
 
 
Ownership Period means, in relation to each Series, the period commencing on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of such Series and ending on the date on which all of the Certificates of that Series are redeemed in 
full;  
Tangibility Event means, if, at any time, following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the 
aggregate Value of the Tangible Assets comprised within the Portfolio in relation to such Series falls below 
33 per cent. of the Portfolio Value;  
Value means, in respect of any Asset, the amount in the Specified Currency (following conversion, if 
necessary, of any relevant amount(s) at the spot rate of exchange (as defined in the Service Agency 
Agreement)) determined by DIB on the relevant date as being equal to: (i) in the case of Tangible Assets which 
are leased on an ijara muntahiah bittamleek (financial lease) basis, the aggregate of all outstanding fixed rental 
instalment amounts payable by the lessee or other equivalent fixed instalment amounts payable by the obligor, 
in each case in the nature of capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant asset, (ii) in the case of 
Tangible Assets which are not leased on an ijara muntahiah bittamleek (financial lease) basis, the initial agreed 
value or the outstanding base amounts or other equivalent of aggregate fixed instalment amounts payable by 
the obligor or any other amounts in the nature of capital or principal payments in respect of the relevant asset, 
and (iii) in the case of Other Tangible Assets, the outstanding capital or investment amounts, in each case 
determined by DIB as being equal to the value of that Asset on each day on which it remains part of the 
relevant Portfolio; and  
Portfolio Value means the sum of (a) the Value of each Asset comprised in the Portfolio at the relevant time 
and (b) any Portfolio Principal Revenues held by the Service Agent at the relevant time. 
Records and documents 
The Service Agent has undertaken, in relation to each Series, that it will keep and maintain (and provide to 
the Trustee within 90 days of receiving a request in writing) all documents, books, records and other 
information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all amounts due in respect of the Assets 
and all amounts credited to the Collection Accounts. 
The Service Agent has agreed in the Service Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
to provide the Services in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
to provide the Services with the degree of skill and care that it would exercise in respect of its own 
assets;  
(c) 
to ensure that the Services do not extend to any investment services on a discretionary basis in relation 
to the Assets or any Portfolio Revenues; and 
(d) 
to service the Assets in accordance with the principles of Islamic Sharia as set out in the Shari’ah 
Standards issued by the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions 
(AAOIFI) and the resolutions issued by the Higher Sharia Authority of the Central Bank of the UAE, 
in each case, from time to time, as interpreted by the Internal Sharia Supervision Committee of DIB. 
Service Agency Liabilities Amounts and Fees 
The Trustee and the Service Agent have agreed that any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts incurred by the 
Service Agent in providing the Services in relation to a Series shall be paid by the Trustee by way of the 
application of amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account by the Service Agent on the 
Trustee’s behalf in payment of such amounts (as described below) or the Portfolio Revenues on the final 
Dissolution Date. For these purposes, Service Agency Liabilities Amounts means, in relation to each Series, 
the amount of any claims, losses, costs and expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service Agent or 
other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee in each case in providing the Services 
during a Distribution Period (being a period that corresponds with the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
under the Certificates), but does not include amounts in respect of Liquidity Facilities.

--- Page 155 ---
144 
 
 
DIB is entitled to receive a fixed fee of U.S.$100 for acting as Service Agent under the Service Agency 
Agreement. In addition, following payment of all amounts due and payable under the Certificates of each 
Series on the final Dissolution Date, the Service Agent is entitled to retain any amounts that remain standing 
to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection Account for its own account as an incentive payment for acting 
as Service Agent. 
Asset Substitutions 
In the Service Agency Agreement the Trustee and the Service Agent have agreed that, in relation to each 
Series and provided no Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing, DIB may at any time exercise its 
rights under the Sale Undertaking to substitute (and, upon any Asset ceasing to be an Eligible Asset, the 
Service Agent will procure that DIB uses all reasonable endeavours to so substitute) any one or more of the 
Assets as DIB may select (subject to any such Substituted Asset(s) being the Asset(s) ceasing to be Eligible 
Asset(s), if applicable) in accordance with the Sale Undertaking. The new Asset(s) for these purposes will be 
Eligible Assets (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) of a Value not less than the Value of the 
Substituted Asset(s) and any such substitution shall otherwise be undertaken on the terms and subject to the 
conditions of the Service Agency Agreement and the Sale Undertaking. 
Collection Accounts 
In relation to each Series, the Service Agent will maintain three ledger accounts (such accounts being the 
Principal Collection Account, the Income Collection Account and the Income Reserve Collection 
Account) in its books (each of which shall be denominated in the Specified Currency) in which all revenues 
from the Assets (the Portfolio Revenues) will be recorded. The Portfolio Revenues include all rental and other 
amounts payable by the relevant Asset Obligor under the terms of the relevant Asset Contract, and all sale 
proceeds or consideration, damages, insurance proceeds, compensation or other sums received by the Service 
Agent or DIB in whatever currency in respect of or otherwise in connection with the relevant Assets. All 
Portfolio Revenues in relation to each Series will be recorded: 
(a) 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise amounts in the nature of sale, capital or principal 
payments, expressed, whenever applicable, as an amount in the Specified Currency (following 
conversion, if necessary, of any relevant amounts at the spot rate of exchange determined by DIB) 
(Portfolio Principal Revenues) in the Principal Collection Account; and 
(b) 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise amounts other than Portfolio Principal Revenues 
(Portfolio Income Revenues), in the Income Collection Account. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account relating to each Series will be applied by 
the Service Agent on each Distribution Determination Date (being the Business Day immediately prior to 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series) in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, in repayment of any amounts advanced by way of a Liquidity Facility; 
(b) 
second, in payment of any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts for the Distribution Period ending 
immediately before the immediately following Distribution Date (being the date which corresponds 
with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series); 
(c) 
third, the Service Agent will pay into the relevant Transaction Account an amount equal to the lesser 
of the Required Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date and the 
balance of the Income Collection Account; and 
(d) 
any amounts still standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account immediately following 
payment of all of the above amounts shall be debited from the Income Collection Account and credited 
to the Income Reserve Collection Account.

--- Page 156 ---
145 
 
 
For the purposes of the Service Agency Agreement, the Required Amount will mean an amount equal to the 
aggregate of the Periodic Distribution Amounts and any other amounts payable by the Trustee in respect of 
the relevant Certificates on each relevant Periodic Distribution Date. 
The Service Agent will be entitled to deduct amounts standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection 
Account at any time and use such amounts for its own account, provided that such amounts shall be repaid by 
it if so required to fund a Shortfall (as defined and described below). 
Shortfalls and Liquidity Facilities 
If on a Distribution Determination Date (after (i) payment of the relevant amounts standing to the credit of the 
Income Collection Account into the relevant Transaction Account in accordance with paragraph (c) under 
“Collection Accounts” above and (ii) taking into account any other payments made or to be made into the 
relevant Transaction Account pursuant to any other Transaction Document) there is a shortfall (each a 
Shortfall) between: 
(a) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account; and 
(b) 
the Required Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, 
the Service Agent will pay into the relevant Transaction Account on that Distribution Determination Date 
from the amounts standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection Account (if any) an amount equal 
to the Shortfall (or such lesser amount as is then standing to the credit of the Income Reserve Collection 
Account). If any Shortfall still remains after payment to the relevant Transaction Account of the amounts 
credited to the Income Reserve Collection Account (as described in this paragraph) and after payment to the 
relevant Transaction Account of all other amounts payable pursuant to any other Transaction Document, the 
Service Agent may either (A) provide Sharia compliant funding itself or (B) procure Sharia compliant funding 
from a third party, in each case, to the extent necessary, by payment of the same into the relevant Transaction 
Account, on terms that such funding is repayable (i) from Portfolio Income Revenues in accordance with the 
Service Agency Agreement or (ii) from Portfolio Revenues on the date on which the Certificates of the relevant 
Series are redeemed in full, to ensure that the Trustee receives on each Distribution Determination Date the 
Required Amount payable by it in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series on the immediately 
following Periodic Distribution Date (such funding in relation to a Series, a Liquidity Facility). 
Payments under the Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agent has agreed in the Service Agency Agreement that all payments by it under the Service 
Agency Agreement will be made without any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax unless required 
by law and (save as set out therein and without prejudice to paragraph (j) under “– Services” above) without 
set-off or counterclaim of any kind and, in the event that there is any withholding or deduction, the Service 
Agent shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would 
have been received by it if no such withholding or deduction had been made. The payment obligations of the 
Service Agent under the Service Agency Agreement will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking) unsecured obligations of the Service Agent which rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of DIB save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking was executed as a deed on 16 November 2022 by DIB in favour of DIB Sukuk 
Limited (in its capacity as Trustee) and the Delegate, and is governed by English law.  
DIB has, in relation to each Series, irrevocably undertaken in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate to 
purchase all of the Trustee’s rights, benefits and entitlements in and to the relevant Portfolio on the relevant 
Scheduled Dissolution Date or any earlier Dissolution Date in connection with the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event for the relevant Series at the Portfolio Exercise Price, which shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the aggregate of:

--- Page 157 ---
146 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant 
Dissolution Date; 
(b) 
an amount equal to all due and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates of the relevant Series; and 
(c) 
an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i) amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity 
Facility and (ii) any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts. 
The Trustee is also entitled to exercise the Purchase Undertaking following any exercise by the 
Certificateholders of any relevant Series of their right to require the Trustee to redeem their Certificates on a 
Certificateholder Put Option Date, in which case DIB will be required to purchase a portion of the relevant 
Portfolio (such portion to comprise the Certificateholder Put Option Assets) with an aggregate Value no 
greater than the aggregate face amount of the Certificates to be redeemed. The exercise price (the 
Certificateholder Put Option Exercise Price and, together with the Portfolio Exercise Price, each an 
Exercise Price) payable for the Certificateholder Put Option Assets will be an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificateholder Put Option Certificates 
and (ii) the Optional Dissolution Amount (Certificateholder Put) Percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
an amount equal to all due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Option Certificates; and 
(c) 
(only where no Certificate of the relevant Series remains outstanding following the exercise of the 
Certificateholder Put Option) an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i) amounts repayable in 
respect of any Liquidity Facility and (ii) any Service Agency Liability Amounts. 
If the Delegate exercises any of the options described above, an exercise notice will be required to be delivered 
by the Delegate under the Purchase Undertaking. 
If DIB fails to pay all or part of any Exercise Price that is due in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking 
and provided that no sale agreement has been entered into, then DIB will agree in the Purchase Undertaking 
that it will irrevocably, unconditionally and automatically (without the necessity for any notice or any other 
action) continue to act as Service Agent for the provision of the Services in respect of the relevant Portfolio 
on the terms and conditions, mutatis mutandis, of the Service Agreement. 
DIB has expressly declared in the Purchase Undertaking that: 
(a) 
the relevant Exercise Price represents a fair price for the purchase of all of the Trustee’s rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Portfolio or the relevant 
Certificateholder Put Option Assets, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
it shall irrevocably and unconditionally fully accept all or any ownership interest the Trustee may have 
in the relevant Portfolio or the relevant Certificateholder Put Option Assets, as the case may be, and, 
accordingly, shall not dispute or challenge all or any ownership interest the Trustee may have in any 
way. 
DIB has further undertaken to the Trustee in the Purchase Undertaking that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Portfolio Exercise Price is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, whether as a result of a dispute or challenge in relation to the rights, title, interest, 
benefits and entitlements of the Trustee in, to and under the Portfolio or any of the Assets comprising

--- Page 158 ---
147 
 
 
the Portfolio or for any other reason, and thereby resulting in DIB’s failure to comply with its 
obligations under the Purchase Undertaking, 
DIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for 
the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under 
any such indemnity claim will equal the Portfolio Exercise Price. 
In the Purchase Undertaking, DIB has undertaken that, so long as any Certificate is outstanding it shall not, 
and shall ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create, or have outstanding, any Security Interest 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto creating and according to the Certificates the same 
security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such 
other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders. 
DIB has agreed that each of the following events will constitute a DIB Event: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of: (A) any Portfolio Income Revenues (as defined in the Service 
Agency Agreement) to be paid into the Transaction Account by the Service Agent in accordance with 
the terms of the Service Agency Agreement and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(B) any Exercise Price to be paid by DIB under the Purchase Undertaking or Sale Undertaking, as the 
case may be, and such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
DIB defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations under or in 
respect of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, unless, in the opinion of the Delegate, the 
default is capable of remedy and is remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof, addressed to 
DIB by the Delegate, has been delivered to DIB; provided, however, that the failure by DIB (acting 
in its capacity as Service Agent) to perform or observe the obligations set out in Clause 3.1(d) of the 
Service Agency Agreement will not constitute a DIB Event; or 
(c) 
a Tangibility Event occurs; or 
(d) 
at any time (following the expiry of any grace period permitted by applicable law) it becomes unlawful 
for DIB to perform or comply with any or all of its material obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party; or 
(e) 
if DIB for any reason declares a moratorium on the payment of any Indebtedness or in respect of any 
guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it; or 
(f) 
any Indebtedness of DIB or any of its Principal Subsidiaries following valid demand or claim becomes 
due and payable prior to the stated maturity thereof (other than at the option of the debtor) or DIB or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries fail to make any payment under any guarantee of any Indebtedness 
which is due and payable at the expiration of any grace period applicable thereto, provided that each 
such event shall not constitute a DIB Event unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness, 
either alone or when aggregated with all other Indebtedness in respect of which such an event shall 
have occurred and be continuing, shall be more than US$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or 
(g) 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (A) to enable 
DIB lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under and 
in respect of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or (B) to ensure that those obligations 
are binding is not taken, fulfilled or done within 28 days of the Delegate giving notice in writing to 
DIB; or 
(h) 
(A) DIB becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (B) an administrator, receiver, 
or liquidator of DIB or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of DIB is 
appointed, unless set aside within 28 days of such appointment, (C) DIB takes any action or 
commences any negotiations or proceedings with a view to (i) any adjustment of a material proportion

--- Page 159 ---
148 
 
 
of the whole or a specified class or category of Indebtedness, or (ii) making a general assignment or 
an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, or (D) DIB ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business provided always that this sub-paragraph 
(h)(C) nor (D) shall not apply to any step or procedure which is part of a solvent reconstruction or 
amalgamation approved by any court of competent jurisdiction or other competent authority; or 
(i) 
an order or decree is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of DIB, provided always that this paragraph (i) shall not apply to any step or procedure 
which is part of a solvent reconstruction or amalgamation approved by any court of competent 
jurisdiction or other competent authority; or 
(j) 
any event occurs which has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (h) and 
(i) inclusive above; or 
(k) 
any execution is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes possession of, the whole or 15 per cent. or 
more of the property, undertaking or assets of DIB and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (calculated 
by reference to the Accounts of DIB) or any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has 
a similar or analogous effect, unless such enforcement proceedings are frivolous or vexatious or are 
being actively contested in good faith by DIB or the relevant Subsidiary; or 
(l) 
DIB fails to comply with or pay any sum which amount shall not, in aggregate, be less than 
U.S.$50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies) due from it under any 
one or more final non-appealable judgments or any one or more final non-appealable orders made or 
given by any court of competent jurisdiction and such failure continues for a period of 30 days next 
following service by the Delegate on DIB of notice requiring the same to be paid/remedied; provided, 
however, that if the execution of any such judgment or order is stayed within that period of 30 days 
its value shall not count towards the U.S.$50,000,000 threshold amount described in this paragraph 
(l), 
provided that, in the case of paragraph (b) and, in respect of a Principal Subsidiary only, paragraph (f), such 
events shall only be a DIB Event if the Delegate has certified that, in its opinion, such event is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders. 
For the purposes of the negative pledge to be given by DIB and the DIB Events: 
Accounts means (in the case of DIB) its then latest audited consolidated financial statements and (in the case 
of the relevant Subsidiary) its then latest audited consolidated (if available) or non-consolidated financial 
statements, provided that if audited financial statements for any Subsidiary have not been prepared in respect 
of any relevant period, Accounts shall, in relation to that Subsidiary, mean its management accounts for the 
relevant period; 
Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness of any person for or in respect of any money borrowed 
or raised including (without limitation) any liability arising under sukuk or other securities or any moneys 
raised under any transaction having the commercial effect of borrowing or raising money; 
Limited Indebtedness means any Indebtedness, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of which does 
not, at any time, exceed ten per cent. (10 per cent.) of the aggregate share capital and reserves of DIB as shown 
in its most recent audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards; 
Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness means any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any 
financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project, provided 
that (a) any Security Interest given by DIB or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, is limited 
solely to assets of the project, (b) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to 
the project financed and the revenues derived from such project as the principal source of repayment for the 
monies advanced, and (c) there is no other recourse to DIB or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case 
may be, in respect of any default by any person under the financing;

--- Page 160 ---
149 
 
 
Permitted Indebtedness means the Non-recourse Project Financing Indebtedness, the Securitisation 
Indebtedness and the Limited Indebtedness; 
Principal Subsidiary means: 
(a) 
a Subsidiary of DIB whose revenues or assets represent not less than ten per cent. (10 per cent.) of the 
consolidated revenues or consolidated assets of DIB, as calculated by reference to the Accounts; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, whereupon the transferor Subsidiary shall 
immediately cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately 
become a Principal Subsidiary, but shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary under this paragraph (b) 
(but without prejudice to paragraph (a) above) upon publication of DIB’s next Accounts. 
A report by the Head of Finance (or any person who at any time carries out the equivalent function of such 
person (regardless of such person’s title)) of DIB that in his opinion a Subsidiary of DIB is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness which is in the form of, 
or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, sukuk certificates or other securities 
which for the time being are, or are intended to be or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on 
any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; 
Securitisation Indebtedness means any Indebtedness incurred in connection with any securitisation of 
existing or future asset and/or revenues, provided that: (i) any Security Interest given by DIB or any of its 
Subsidiaries in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of 
the securitisation; (ii) each party participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to 
the assets and/or revenues so securitised; and (iii) there is no other recourse to DIB or any of its Subsidiaries 
in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation; 
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, lien or other security securing any obligation of any party; 
and 
Subsidiary means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of DIB. 
DIB has also agreed in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking will 
be made free and clear of, and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Taxes (as defined 
therein) unless required by law and (save as set out therein) without set off or counterclaim of any kind and, 
in the event that there is any withholding or deduction, DIB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in 
the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no such withholding or 
deduction had been made. The payment obligations of DIB under the Purchase Undertaking will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions described above) unsecured obligations of DIB 
which rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
DIB save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
Sale Undertaking 
The Sale Undertaking was executed as a deed on 14 June 2021 by DIB Sukuk Limited (in its capacity as 
Trustee) in favour of DIB and is governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking and subject to the Trustee being entitled to redeem the Certificates of the 
relevant Series for tax reasons in accordance with Condition 10.2, DIB will, by exercising its right under the 
Sale Undertaking and serving an exercise notice on the Trustee not less than 15 days plus the minimum period 
of notice and not more than 15 days plus the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
prior to the Tax Dissolution Date, provided that no exercise notice may be given earlier than 75 days prior to

--- Page 161 ---
150 
 
 
the earliest date on which the Trustee or DIB, as the case may be, would be obliged to pay additional amounts 
referred to in the definition of Tax Event if a payment in respect of the Certificates (in the case of the Trustee) 
or to the Trustee pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents (in the case of DIB) then due, be able to 
oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements in, to and under the relevant 
Portfolio at the relevant Exercise Price. In addition, if the Optional Dissolution Right (Call) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, DIB will, by exercising its right under the Sale Undertaking and 
serving an exercise notice on the Trustee not less than 15 days plus the minimum period of notice and not 
more than 15 days plus the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the 
relevant Optional Dissolution Date, be able to oblige the Trustee to sell all of its rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements in, to and under the relevant Portfolio at the relevant Exercise Price. 
For these purposes, the Exercise Price will be an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
(where the Certificates of the relevant Series are to be redeemed for tax reasons in accordance with 
Condition 10.2) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series on the 
relevant Dissolution Date or (where the Certificates of the relevant Series are to be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 10.3) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding face amount of the 
Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant Dissolution Date and (ii) the Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Call) Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
an amount equal to all due but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates; and 
(c) 
an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i) amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity 
Facility and (ii) any Service Agency Liabilities Amounts. 
DIB is able to exercise its rights under the Sale Undertaking to effect the in kind substitution of Assets, subject 
to any substitute Assets being Eligible Assets of a Value not less than the Value of the Substituted Assets. DIB 
is also able to exercise its rights under the Sale Undertaking (following any purchase of Certificates by DIB 
or any Subsidiary of DIB pursuant to Condition 13) to provide for the transfer, assignment and conveyance to 
it of an undivided ownership interest (the Cancellation Interest) in the relevant Portfolio calculated as the 
ratio, expressed as a percentage, of the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates to be cancelled (the 
Cancellation Certificates) to the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series immediately 
prior to the cancellation of such Cancellation Certificates, all as more particularly described in the Sale 
Undertaking. The Cancellation Interest will be specified in a cancellation notice and will have a Value no 
greater than the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series so purchased. Transfer of the 
Cancellation Interest will occur against cancellation of such Certificates by the Principal Paying Agent 
pursuant to the Conditions. 
Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed was entered into on 16 November 2022 between DIB, the Trustee and the Delegate 
and will be governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed between the same parties will be entered 
into on the Issue Date of each Tranche and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Certificate initially representing the first Tranche of any Series, the Master Trust 
Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed shall together constitute the Trust declared by the Trustee in 
relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series comprise (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed), inter alia, the Trustee’s rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the 
relevant Portfolio, its rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under the Transaction 
Documents (other than (i) in relation to any representations given to the Trustee by DIB pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents and any rights which have been expressly waived by the Trustee in any of the 
Transaction Documents and (ii) the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the Master Trust 
Deed) and any amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account.

--- Page 162 ---
151 
 
 
Each Trust Deed will specify that, on or after the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or, as the case may be, 
Dissolution Date of a Series, the rights of recourse in respect of the relevant Certificates shall be limited to the 
amounts from time to time available and comprising the Trust Assets of that Series, subject to the priority of 
payments set out in the Trust Deed, the relevant Certificates and the Conditions. The Certificateholders have 
no claim or recourse against DIB Sukuk Limited in respect of any amount which is or remains unsatisfied and 
any unsatisfied amounts will be extinguished. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee will, in relation to each Series, inter alia: 
(a) 
hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the relative Certificateholders pro rata according 
to the face amount of Certificates held by each Certificateholder; and 
(b) 
act as trustee in respect of the relevant Trust Assets, distribute the income from the relevant Trust 
Assets and perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
In the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee by way of security for the performance of all covenants, obligations and 
duties of the Trustee to the Certificateholders has irrevocably and unconditionally appointed the Delegate to 
be its attorney and in its name and on its behalf to execute, deliver and perfect all documents and to exercise 
all the present and future duties, powers, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to the authority 
to request instructions from any Certificateholders and the power to sub-delegate and the power to make any 
determinations to be made under each Trust Deed) vested in the Trustee by each Trust Deed that the Delegate 
may consider to be necessary or desirable in order upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or a Potential 
Dissolution Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction to 
perform the present and future duties, powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee by the relevant 
provisions of each Trust Deed and any of the other Transaction Documents (provided that no obligations, 
duties, liabilities or covenants of the Trustee pursuant to the Master Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document will be imposed on the Delegate by virtue of such delegation). The appointment of such delegate 
by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests of the Certificateholders and will not affect the Trustee’s 
continuing role and obligations as trustee. 
The Delegate has undertaken in the Master Trust Deed that, following it becoming aware of the occurrence of 
a Dissolution Event in respect of any Series and subject to Condition 14 it shall (a) promptly notify the relevant 
Certificateholders of the occurrence of such Dissolution Event. Subject to the Delegate being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing, the Delegate may take all such steps as are necessary to enforce the 
obligations of DIB (in whatever capacity it is acting) under the relevant Trust Deed and any other Transaction 
Document to which DIB (in whatever capacity) is a party. 
Pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed, DIB will also undertake to the Trustee that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC remains in actual or constructive possession, custody or 
control of all or any part of the Assets comprising the Portfolio; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Portfolio Exercise Price is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, whether as a result of a dispute or challenge in relation to the rights, title, interest, 
benefits and entitlements of the Trustee in, to and under the Portfolio or any of the Assets comprising 
the Portfolio or for any other reason, and thereby resulting in DIB’s failure to comply with its 
obligations under the Purchase Undertaking,  
DIB shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for 
the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates and, accordingly, the amount payable under 
any such indemnity claim will equal the Portfolio Exercise Price. 
If and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 20 to issue additional Certificates in 
respect of a Series, on the date of issue of such additional Certificates, the Trustee will execute a Declaration 
of Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing Certificates and the holders of such

--- Page 163 ---
152 
 
 
additional Certificates so issued, declaring that the assets comprising the relevant Additional Portfolio 
transferred to the Trustee (in respect of the issuance of the additional Certificates) and the Assets comprising 
the Portfolio immediately prior to the acquisition of the Additional Portfolio (in respect of the relevant Series 
as in existence immediately prior to the issue of such additional Certificates) are commingled and shall 
collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of the existing Certificates and the 
holders of such additional Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Master Trust Deed. 
The Master Trust Deed specifies, inter alia, that in relation to each Series: 
(i) 
following enforcing or realising the relevant Trust Asset and distributing the net proceeds of the Trust 
Assets in respect of the relevant Series to the Certificateholders in accordance with the Conditions and 
the relevant Trust Deed the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall be satisfied 
and the right of the Certificateholders to receive any further sums shall be extinguished and neither 
the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be liable for any further sums and, accordingly, the relevant 
Certificateholders may not take any action against the Trustee, the Delegate or any other person to 
recover any such sum or asset in respect of the relevant Certificates or the relevant Trust Assets; 
(ii) 
no Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee and/or DIB, or provide 
instructions (not otherwise permitted by the Trust Deed) to the Delegate to proceed against the Trustee 
and/or DIB under any Transaction Document unless the Delegate having become bound so to proceed 
(a) fails to do so within a reasonable period or (b) is unable by reason of an order of a court having 
competent authority to do so, and such failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances shall 
the Delegate or any Certificateholders have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of 
the relevant Trust Assets (other than pursuant to the Transaction Documents), and the sole right of the 
Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and DIB shall be to enforce their respective 
obligations under the Transaction Documents; 
(iii) 
the Delegate shall not be bound in any circumstances to take any action to enforce or realise the 
relevant Trust Assets or take any action against the Trustee and/or DIB under any Transaction 
Document unless directed or requested to do so (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution or (b) in writing 
by the holders of at least one-fifth of the then aggregate outstanding face amount of the Certificates 
of the relevant Series and in either case then only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing provided that the Delegate shall not be held liable for the consequences of exercising 
its discretion or taking any such action and may do so without having regard to the effect of such 
action on individual Certificateholders; and 
(iv) 
after enforcing or realising the relevant Trust Assets and distributing the net proceeds of the relevant 
Trust Assets in accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the obligations of the Trustee 
and the Delegate in respect of the Series shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any 
further steps against the Trustee and the Delegate to recover any further sums in respect of the relevant 
Series and the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no holder of 
the Certificates of the relevant Series shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or to take any other 
steps for the winding-up of DIB Sukuk Limited. 
Sharia Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party provides that each of DIB Sukuk Limited and Dubai Islamic 
Bank PJSC agrees that it has accepted the Sharia compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party and, to the extent permitted by law, further agrees that:  
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or 
any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Sharia; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Sharia compliance 
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and

--- Page 164 ---
153 
 
 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Sharia.

--- Page 165 ---
154 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Certificates issued under the 
Programme. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Certificates. 
Prospective purchasers of any Certificates should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under the 
tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes of acquiring, holding and disposing of the 
relevant Certificates and receiving payments under those Certificates. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. 
United Arab Emirates 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in the UAE in relation to payments on the Certificates 
is based on the taxation law in force at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not constitute legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their 
interpretation may change. 
There is currently in force in the Emirate of Dubai legislation establishing a general corporate taxation regime 
(the Dubai Income Tax Decree 1969 (as amended)). The regime is, however, not enforced save in respect of 
companies active in the hydrocarbon industry, some related service industries and branches of foreign banks 
operating in the UAE. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced more generally or 
within other industry sectors in the future. Under current legislation, there is no requirement for withholding 
or deduction for or on account of UAE or Dubai taxation in respect of payments of profit and principal to any 
holder of the Certificates or any payments to be made by DIB to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party. If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect of 
payment(s) due by DIB under any Transaction Document to which it is a party, DIB has undertaken to gross-
up the payments due by it accordingly. If any such withholding or deduction is required to be made in respect 
of payments due by the Trustee under the Certificates, (i) the Trustee has undertaken to gross-up the 
payment(s) accordingly (subject to certain limited exceptions) and (ii) DIB has undertaken to pay such 
additional amounts to the Trustee to enable it to discharge such obligation. 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise 
taxes on a federal basis for the purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is 
subject to prospective and retroactive change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s 
particular circumstances and does not consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman 
Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments by the Trustee on Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the 
payments of principal or profit to any holder of Certificates, nor will gains derived from the disposal of 
Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. The Cayman Islands currently have no 
income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance or gift tax. 
Subject as set out below, no capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on the issue or redemption 
of Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any Certificates, if brought to or executed in the 
Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration fee is payable by the 
Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to the nominal amount 
of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is approximately U.S.$853.66. The 
foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein.

--- Page 166 ---
155 
 
 
FATCA Disclosure 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the UAE) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Certificates, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Certificates, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Certificates characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional Certificates (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Certificates. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Certificates where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Certificates are advised to seek their own professional 
advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 167 ---
156 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 16 
November 2022, agreed with the Trustee and DIB a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Certificates. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates”. In the Programme Agreement, each of the Trustee and DIB has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue, offer and sale of Certificates under the Programme. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from, or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Certificates (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until expiration of 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Certificates of the Tranche of which such Certificates are a part, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
of the Securities Act, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Certificates during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Certificates within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until the expiration of 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of 
Certificates, an offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering of such Tranche of Certificates) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Trustee and DIB for use in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Certificates outside the United States. The Trustee, DIB and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any 
offer to purchase the Certificates, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute 
an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside 
the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any 
disclosure without the prior written consent of the Trustee of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or 
other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Certificates to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Trustee and DIB for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 168 ---
157 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, DIB or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates in any Member 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for Certificates; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Certificates to the public 
in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Trustee and DIB for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to above shall require the Trustee, DIB or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Certificates to the public in relation to any Certificates means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Certificates; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Trustee;

--- Page 169 ---
158 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or DIB; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no invitation or offer, whether directly or indirectly, to subscribe for the 
Certificates has been or will be made to the public in the Cayman Islands. 
Japan 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Certificates, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949 as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the UAE governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Certificates. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who 
acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Certificates is a private placement 
under Article 8 of the “Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations” as issued by the Board 
of the Capital Market Authority (the CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as 
amended by CMA resolution number 1-94-2022 dated 22 August 2022 (the KSA Regulations), made through 
a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification 
to the CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to “institutional and qualified clients” under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a 
limited offer under Article 9 of, or as otherwise required or permitted by the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer

--- Page 170 ---
159 
 
 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that any offer of Certificates by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with 
Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article (9) of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market 
offer” pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.  
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Certificates, except 
on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an accredited investor means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person’s principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund). 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Certificates will be offered, sold, promoted or advertised by it in the 
State of Kuwait, other than in compliance with Decree Law No. 31 of 1990 and the implementing regulations 
thereto, as amended, and Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto as amended governing the issue, offering 
and sale of the Certificates. 
No private or public offering of the Certificates will be made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating 
to the sale of the Certificates will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or 
inducement activities will be used to offer or market the Certificates in the State of Kuwait. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Certificates or caused such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Certificates or cause the Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 171 ---
160 
 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures Act (Offer of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Certificates, except for Certificates which are “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO), other than (i) to “professional investors” as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Certificates, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Certificates which are or are intended to 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia 
under the CMSA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, the Certificates have not been and will not 
be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Certificates has been or will 
be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed 
in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part I of 
Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), 
read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official 
directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory 
authority from time to time. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Certificates in, the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the

--- Page 172 ---
161 
 
 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan) or to residents of the PRC unless such offer 
and sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers any Certificates or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Certificates under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of 
the Trustee, DIB, the Delegate and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Trustee, DIB, the Delegate, the Arranger and any of the Dealers represents that Certificates may 
at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
any such sale. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Certificates may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Certificates.

--- Page 173 ---
162 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Certificates have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Trustee dated 10 May 2012. The update of the Programme and the issue of 
Certificates thereunder has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Trustee dated 
2 November 2022. The Trustee has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Cayman Islands in connection with the issue and performance of Certificates to be issued under the Programme 
and the execution and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The entry into of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of DIB dated 29 April 2012 and 24 October 2022. 
Listing 
It is expected that each Tranche of Certificates which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of a Global Certificate initially representing the Certificates of such Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.  
Application has also been made to the DFSA for Certificates issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the DFSA Official List. An application may be made for any Tranche of Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on Nasdaq Dubai. 
However, Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin 
or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Trustee and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Trustee in relation 
Certificates issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of such Certificates to the Official 
List or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies (and English translations where 
the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will, when published, be available 
for inspection from https://www.dib.ae:  
(a) 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Trustee and the constitutional documents (with 
an English translation thereof) of DIB. 
This Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on (i) the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) and (ii) the website of Nasdaq Dubai (http://www.nasdaqdubai.com). 
Clearing Systems 
The Certificates have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Certificates are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 174 ---
163 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  
Significant or Material Change 
Other than in connection with the Certificates issued thus far under the Programme, there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position or trading position of the Trustee and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Trustee, in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position or trading position of 
DIB and its subsidiaries since 30 September 2022, and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of DIB and its subsidiaries since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
The Trustee is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Trustee is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Trustee. 
 
Save as disclosed on page 16 of this Base Prospectus in “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect DIB’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party – Risks Relating to the Group 
– The Group is party to litigation related to the terrorist attacks on New York City on 11 September 2001”, 
neither DIB nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which DIB is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of DIB or any of its subsidiaries. 
Auditors 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is 
not required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or appoint 
any auditors. 
The auditors of DIB are Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) (Deloitte) of P.O. Box 4254, Dubai, UAE.  Deloitte is a 
registered audit firm in the UAE, operating under professional licenses issued by the Dubai Economic 
Department and the UAE Ministry of Economy. There is no professional institute of auditors in the UAE and 
accordingly, Deloitte is not a member of a professional body in the UAE.  All Deloitte professionals and 
partners are members of the institutes from where they received their professional qualification. 
The Audited Financial Statements have been audited by Deloitte in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing, without qualification, as stated in their audit reports incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
The 2022 Interim Financial Information has been reviewed by Deloitte in accordance with the International 
Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the 
Independent Auditor of the Entity” (ISRE 2410), as stated in their review report incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers Transacting with DIB 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, DIB (and its affiliates) in the 
ordinary course of business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.

--- Page 175 ---
164 
 
 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Trustee, DIB and 
their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Trustee, DIB 
and their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Trustee, DIB and their affiliates consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially any Certificates issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Certificates issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Trustee has certain duties under the Data Protection Act (as Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA) 
based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy.  
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the associated 
interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Trustee with 
personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, 
representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be 
providing the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, the Trustee 
Administrator) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the 
DPA. The Trustee shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates, 
such as the Trustee Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own right in some 
circumstances).  
For further information on the application of the DPA to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a copy 
of which may be requested from the Trustee Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides 
an outline of investors’ data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates. 
Oversight of the DPA is the responsibility of the Ombudsman’s office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPA by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. 
Sharia Approvals 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) and the Transaction 
Documents have been approved by each of the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB and the Sharia 
Committee of Dar al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC and the Standard Chartered Bank Global 
Shariah Supervisory Committee. Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on any of the approvals 
referred to above in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own 
Sharia advisers as to whether the proposed transaction is in compliance with Sharia principles. 
Description of the members of the Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB and the Standard Chartered 
Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee  
Internal Sharia Supervisory Committee of DIB (formerly known as Fatwa and Sharia Supervisory Board 
of DIB) 
Professor Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
Dr. Elgari is a Professor of Islamic Economics and the former Director of the Centre for Research in Islamic 
Economics at King Abdul Aziz University in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Dr. Elgari is the recipient of the 
Islamic Development Bank Prize in Islamic Banking and Finance and holds the KLIFF Islamic Finance Award 
for Most Outstanding Contribution to Islamic Finance (Individual). 
He is a member on the editorial board of several academic publications in the field of Islamic Finance and 
Jurisprudence, among them the Journal of the Jurisprudence Academy (of the IWL), Journal of Islamic

--- Page 176 ---
165 
 
 
Economic Studies (IDB), Journal of Islamic Economic (IAIE, London), and the advisory board of the Harvard 
Series in Islamic Law, Harvard Law School. 
Dr. Elgari is also an advisor to numerous Islamic financial institutions throughout the world and is notably on 
the Shariah board of the Dow Jones Islamic index as well as a member of the Islamic Fiqh Academy and the 
Islamic Accounting & Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI). 
Dr. Elgari holds a PhD in Economics from the University of California, United States of America. 
Dr. Muhammad Qaseem 
Dr. Qaseem holds a PhD (Islamic Studies) from the Faculty of Usul ud Dinis, University of Karachi. He has 
been a member of the Sharia boards of many other institutions. Dr. Qaseem has taught various courses for a 
number of B.A. and M.A. programmes of the International Islamic University, Islamabad. 
Dr. Qaseem has produced many academic contributions, articles and literary and translation works. 
Sheikh Dr. Muhammad Abdulrahim Sultan Al Olama 
Sheikh Dr. Al Olama is a member of the Grand Islamic Scholars Body in Dubai, an Associate Professor of the 
School of Shari'a at the United Arab Emirates University in Al Ain and an acknowledged expert in Islamic 
finance. Sheikh Dr. Al Olama is also the head of the Fatwa Committee of the Zakat Funds in the UAE. He 
currently serves on a number of Shari'a boards representing Islamic financial institutions and Takaful 
companies.  
Sheikh Dr. Al Olama has written extensively on modern Islamic finance and has presented numerous research 
papers at various international conferences. Sheikh Dr. Al Olama holds a PhD in Comparative Islamic Law 
from Umm Al Qurra University in Mecca, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Prof. Dr. Mohamad Akram Laldin 
Prof. Dr. Laldin is currently the Executive Director of ISRA. He is currently a member of Bank Negara 
Malaysia Shari'ah Advisory Council (SAC), member of Shariah Advisory Employees Provident Fund (EPF), 
member of HSBC Amanah Global Shari'ah Advisory Board, member of Yassar Limited (Dubai) Shari'ah 
Advisory Board, member of EAB (London) Shari'ah Advisory Board, Chairman of Islamic Advisory Board 
of HSBC Insurance Singapore, Shari'a advisor to ZI Syariah Advisory Malaysia, member of Shari'ah Advisory 
Council International Islamic Financial Market (IIFM), Bahrain, Committee member of AAOIFI Shari'ah 
Standards, Bahrain and other Boards across the globe. He is also a member of the Board of Studies of the 
Institute of Islamic Banking and Finance, IIUM. 
Prof. Dr. Laldin holds a B.A. honours degree in Islamic Jurisprudence and Legislation from the University of 
Jordan, Amman, Jordan and a PhD in Principles of Islamic Jurisprudence (Usul al-Fiqh) from the University 
of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom. He has presented many papers related to Islamic Banking and 
Finance and other Fiqh topics and has conducted many training sessions particularly on Islamic Banking and 
Finance for different sectors since 1999. He is also a prolific author of academic works specifically in the areas 
of Islamic Banking and Finance. He is the recipient of Zaki Badawi Award 2010 for Excellence in Shariah 
Advisory and Research. He has participated and presented papers in numerous local and international 
conferences. 
Dr. Ibrahim Ali Al Mansoori  
Dr. Al Mansoori is a prominent Shari'a scholar from the UAE with an active focus on the Islamic banking and 
finance industry. He is currently serving as Director of Sharjah Islamic Center for Economy & Finance Studies 
and the Assistant Professor of Economy & Islamic Banks, University of Sharjah. 
Dr. Al Mansoori is currently serving as the Chairman of the Internal Shari'ah Supervision Committee (ISSC) 
of Al Hilal Bank and a member of various ISSCs of Islamic financial institutions.

--- Page 177 ---
166 
 
 
Dr. Al Mansoori holds a PhD in Economics & Islamic Banking, as well as two Master's Degrees in Economics 
& Islamic Banking and Pedagogical Psychology. He has authored various research papers on contemporary 
matters relating to Islamic Banking. 
Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee  
Dr. Mohamed Ali Elgari 
See the description of Dr. Elgari set out above. 
Sheikh Nizam Yaquby 
Sheikh Yaquby studied traditional Islamic studies under the guidance of eminent Islamic scholars from 
different parts of the world. He has a BA in economics and comparative religions from McGill University, 
Canada. He has served in Bahrain Mosques from 1981 to 1990 where he taught Tafsir, Hadith and Fiqh in 
Bahrain since 1976. In addition to advising Citi Islamic Investment Bank E.C. and other Islamic finance 
institutions and funds, Sheikh Yaquby is a member of the Islamic Fiqh Academy and Auditing and Accounting 
Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions. He has published several articles and books on various Islamic 
subjects including banking and finance. 
Dr. Aznan Hasan 
Dr. Aznan Hasan is an Associate Professor in Islamic Law at Ahmad Ibrahim Kulliyyah of Laws, International 
Islamic University Malaysia and has taught Islamic law there since 2003. He is also President of the 
Association of Shariah Advisors in Islamic Finance and has been Deputy Chairman of the Shariah Advisory 
Council, Securities Commission of Malaysia since July 2010. He was a member of the Shariah Advisory 
Council, Bank Negara Malaysia (from November 2006 to August 2008 and from November 2010 to October 
2013). He is also the Chairman of the Shariah Supervisory Board, Shariah Advisory Committee, Barclays 
DIFC (April 2011 to present). He is Shariah adviser to Maybank Islamic in Malaysia and has been advising 
ABSA Islamic Banking, South Africa since July 2010.

--- Page 178 ---
167 
 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
DIB Sukuk Limited 
c/o MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093 
Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands 
 
DIB 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 1080 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
DELEGATE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO DIB 
 
Deloitte & Touche (M.E.) 
P.O. Box 4254 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
SHARIA ADVISERS TO DIB 
Dar Al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC 
P.O. Box 12988 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 179 ---
0090244-0000077 DBO1: 2002927656.6 
168 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee as to Cayman Islands law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Unit C 1402, Level 14 
Burj Daman 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506734 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To DIB as to English, DIFC and UAE law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
To the Dealers as to English, DIFC and UAE law 
To the Delegate as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Burj Daman  
London E14 5JJ 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
United Kingdom 
P.O. Box 9380 
 
Dubai 
 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 1080 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
DEALERS 
Dubai Islamic Bank PJSC 
Standard Chartered Bank 
P.O. Box 1080 
7th Floor Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai 
Dubai International Financial Centre  
United Arab Emirates 
P.O. Box 999 
 
Dubai 
 
United Arab Emirates