--- Page 1 ---
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- i - 
70-40710909 
 
Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2021 
Diversified Notes plc 
(established as a public limited company incorporated in Ireland with registration number 651932) 
Secured Notes Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") issued under the Secured Notes 
Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of any 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such 
Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The 
Issuer intends to make an application for Notes issued under the Programme within twelve 
months after the date hereof to be admitted to listing on the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments directive (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
The Issuer may in due course request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other 
member states of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") with certificates of approval attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for 
the purpose of listing and/or admission to trading of all or any Series of Notes on a regulated 
market therein. 
A Series of Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading on such other or further stock 
exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger. References in this Base 
Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have 
been admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin. 
The Notes are only intended for investors that qualify as a ‘professional client’ (or any 
corresponding category of investor in a jurisdiction into which the Notes may be sold in 
accordance with the terms of this Base Prospectus) and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any investor that is a ‘retail client’, both as defined in MiFID II or (if the definition 
of ‘professional client’ is narrower or the definition of ‘retail client’ is broader than MiFID II) as 
defined in any law or regulation implementing MiFID II in a jurisdiction within the EEA or the United 
Kingdom any other similar or corresponding law or regulation in any non-EEA jurisdiction. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (the "Securities Act") and are not subject to United States tax law requirements.  The Notes 
are being offered outside the United States by the Managers (as defined in "Subscription and 
Sale") in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
Arranger 
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 June 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
236624-4-413-v2.0 
 
70-40710909 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................ 2 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................ 8 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................. 46 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................ 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 54 
DEFINITIONS .............................................................................................................................. 79 
COLLATERAL CRITERIA ......................................................................................................... 105 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM ................... 110 
DEALING PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................ 114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................. 119 
TRANSACTION PARTIES AND DOCUMENTS ....................................................................... 126 
KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ........................................................................................ 127 
TRANSACTION CASHFLOWS ................................................................................................. 131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CASH FLOW TIMING AGREEMENT ............................................... 132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CFTA COUNTERPARTIES ............................................................... 135 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................. 136 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..................................................................................................... 141 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................ 145 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................... 146 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................... 154

--- Page 3 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 2 - 
70-40710909 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by 
reference have been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information 
appears. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The Final Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility (if any) 
taken by the Issuer for any information relating to any underlying to which the Notes may be 
linked. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Authorised Participant accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each 
Authorised Participant disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus and/or any such statement. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Transaction Party has separately verified the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and accordingly none of them makes 
any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, 
adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further 
information, notice or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with the 
Notes or their distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. Neither 
the Arranger nor any Transaction Party undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise 
any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Authorised Participant, the Collateral Manager, the 
Administrator and Transfer Agent, the Registrar , the Paying Agent or the Custodian. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
or any Transaction Party since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer or any Transaction Party since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
Restriction on Distributions 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, all Authorised Participants and the Arranger to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United 
Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 4 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 3 - 
70-40710909 
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the United Kingdom 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of the prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors, a retail investor shall also 
include any person in the Czech Republic who is not a qualified investor as defined in Section 
272(1) of the Czech Act No 240/2013 Coll. on Investment Companies and Investment Funds. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES IN THE US - THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL 
SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, 
POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS SUBJECT TO ITS JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE 
COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. NO 
PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR 
OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CEA") AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE "CFTC RULES") OF THE COMMODITY 
FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC"). ANY OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES 
MUST 
BE 
MADE 
IN 
A 
TRANSACTION 
EXEMPT 
FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S THEREUNDER 
("REGULATION S"). THE NOTES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER 
U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR PERSONS 
WHO DO NOT COME WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 (EXCLUDING FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) 
THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE 
NOT 
NON-UNITED 
STATES 
PERSONS). 
FOR 
A 
DESCRIPTION 
OF 
FURTHER 
RESTRICTIONS ON THE OFFER, SALE AND TRANSFER OF THE NOTES, PLEASE REFER 
TO THE "UNITED STATES" SUB-SECTION IN THE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE" SECTION 
OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
NOTES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY THAT IS, OR 
THAT IS USING THE ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT 
TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA")) (II) A "PLAN" TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE"), APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY 
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" (AS DETERMINED PURSUANT 
TO THE "PLAN ASSETS REGULATION" ISSUED BY THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT 
OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) 
OR OTHERWISE UNDER ERISA BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) 
OR (III), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") OR (B) A NON-U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, 
CHURCH PLAN OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, 
NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A "SIMILAR LAW") UNLESS ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW 
(ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (A) OR (B), AN "PLAN INVESTOR"). THE 
ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT, AT ITS OPTION, UNDER THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES, TO 
COMPULSORILY REDEEM ANY NOTES LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A 
PERSON WHO CONTRAVENES SUCH PROHIBITION.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 4 - 
70-40710909 
 
Any person (an "investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from any person 
(an "offeror") should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in 
section 102B of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), the Issuer may 
only be responsible to the investor for this Base Prospectus under section 90 of the FSMA 
if the Issuer has authorised the offeror to make the offer to the investor. Each investor 
should therefore enquire whether the offeror is so authorised by the Issuer. If the offeror 
is not authorised by the Issuer, the investor should check with the offeror whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of section 90 of the FSMA in the 
context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents it should take legal advice. Where information relating to the terms of the relevant 
offer required pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation is not contained in this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of the relevant offeror 
at the time of such offer to provide the investor with such information. This does not affect 
any responsibility which the Issuer or others may otherwise have under applicable laws, 
including liabilities arising by virtue of the laws in the jurisdictions in which the Notes are 
offered or sold. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, please see the section titled "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member 
state (“Member State”) of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Without prejudice to the immediately following sentence, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the United Kingdom of Notes 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer, any Authorised Participant or the Arranger to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
16 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. The Authorised 
Participants may make an offer in a Member State or the United Kingdom of Notes other than 
pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State or the United Kingdom 
if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State 
or the United Kingdom or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State or the United 
Kingdom and notified to the competent authority in that Member State or the United Kingdom and 
(in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made by 
Authorised Participants other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State or the United Kingdom (and provided that if the final terms specify any restriction 
on the period for which an Authorised Participant may make an offer, the Authorised Participants 
shall be bound by such restriction). Except to the extent the preceding sentence above applies, 
none of the Issuer, any Authorised Participant or the Arranger have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Offers by Authorised Participants 
In respect of a Series of Notes, the Authorised Participants for such Series may make offers to 
investors on the terms and subject to the restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms relating to the relevant Notes. The Authorised Participant(s) in respect of each Series of 
Notes will be specified in the Final Terms relating to each Series. The Issuer may, from time to 
time, appoint additional Authorised Participants or remove Authorised Participants in respect of 
the relevant Series of Notes. The list of Authorised Participants from time to time in respect of a 
Series of Notes will be published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such other website as may be notified to Noteholders).

--- Page 6 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 5 - 
70-40710909 
 
Authorised Participants and, where an Authorised Participant appoints distributors (each an 
"Authorised Distributor") in connection with the offering of Notes, the Authorised Distributors 
shall, upon subscribing for Notes, be required and be deemed to have agreed to comply with the 
Authorised Distributor Terms set out below. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus and has accepted responsibility for the 
content of this Base Prospectus, with respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of 
Notes, by any Authorised Participant and any Authorised Distributor appointed by an Authorised 
Participant that complies with the Authorised Distributor Terms, to qualified investors (as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation)  in any Permitted Country (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), 
subject to the public offer selling restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation and local 
regulations.  This consent is valid for 12 months from the date of publication of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The "Authorised Distributor Terms" are that the relevant Authorised Participant and/or 
Authorised Distributor will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of 
the Issuer (and the Authorised Participant that appointed it, in the case of an Authorised 
Distributor) that it will, at all times, in connection with the relevant offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), 
including (to the extent applicable) MiFID II and the Rules published by the Central Bank 
(including the applicable requirements of the Central Bank’s Consumer Protection Code) 
and the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) (including its guidance 
for distributors in ‘‘The Responsibilities of Providers and Distributors for the Fair Treatment 
of Customers’’) from time to time and will immediately inform the Issuer and the Authorised 
Participant that appointed it if at any time such Authorised Distributor becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to 
remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under this “Important Notices” section and the section 
titled ‘‘Subscription and Sale’’ in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were an 
Authorised Participant; 
(c) 
offer, sell or otherwise make available the Notes only in countries that have been agreed 
with the Issuer (or the Arranger on its behalf) from time to time;  
(d) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid 
by that Authorised Distributor in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is disclosed to investors or potential 
investors in a clear, fair and non-misleading manner; and 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules, including 
authorisation under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 (as amended, the "MiFID Regulations") and the FSMA and comply with applicable 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and ‘‘know your client’’ Rules 
(including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each potential investor prior to initial investment in 
any Notes by that investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in circumstances 
where the Authorised Distributor has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies. 
Admission to Listing and Trading 
The Issuer intends to make an application for Notes issued under the Programme for the period 
of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin. A Series of Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" or "traded" (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the official list and traded on the regulated

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 6 - 
70-40710909 
 
market of Euronext Dublin and/or have been admitted to the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of any other stock exchange. 
Czech Act on Investment Companies and Investment Funds 
The Notes are not units/shares of, or other types of participation in, an investment fund or foreign 
investment fund as per the Czech Act No. 240/2013 Coll., on Investment Companies and 
Investment Funds (ICIF) and are, therefore, neither subject to the ICIF nor subject to the 
authorisation or supervision by the Czech National Bank under the ICIF. The investor may not 
claim any protective rights provided for collective investment schemes under the ICIF. 
English Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may 
be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Final Terms, Pricing Terms, Series Prospectuses 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such 
Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms"). Notes in a specific Series may also be issued 
under the Programme on terms set out in a further prospectus (a "Series Prospectus") relating 
to the Notes that incorporates by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain Definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "dollars", "US dollars", "USD" and "US$" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America and references to "Euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the lawful currency of those Member 
States that have adopted the single currency of the European Union. All references in this Base 
Prospectus to any time shall be expressed using the 24-hour clock convention. 
______ 
This document contains the information which the Issuer believes is necessary to enable 
prospective investors to make an informed assessment of an investment in Notes. However, a 
prospective investor should, without any reliance on the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, any 
Transaction Party or any of their Affiliates, conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own 
accounting, legal, regulatory, financial and tax analysis) prior to deciding whether to invest in any 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for an investor of an 
investment in Notes issued under the Programme depends upon that prospective investor’s 
particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on the specific terms of the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for 
investors who: 
(a) 
are professional investors seeking to achieve investment objectives which align with those 
of the relevant Notes in the context of the investor’s overall portfolio; 
(b) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes (including, without limitation, the accounting, 
legal, regulatory, financial and tax implications for them of such an investment), including 
the impact that various economic or other factors may have on such merits and risks; 
(c) 
are able to make an investment decision based on the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(d) 
have considered the suitability of the Notes in light of their own circumstances and 
financial condition; 
(e) 
are able to bear capital and income risk and view investment in the Notes as a long-term 
investment.

--- Page 8 ---
Important Notices 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 7 - 
70-40710909 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the Notes are a suitable investment for it, 
it should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment 
in the Notes. 
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Collateral Manager or any Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the suitability of 
the Notes as an investment. The provision of this document to prospective investors is not based 
on any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an 
assessment of suitability for any prospective investor of the Notes, even if the Issuer, the 
Collateral Manager or a Transaction Party possesses information as to the objectives of any 
prospective investor in relation to any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy. Any 
trading or investment decisions a prospective investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis 
and judgment and/or that of its advisers. 
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, any Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of such 
persons has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a 
prospective purchaser of the Notes (whether for its own account or for the account of any third 
party), whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it 
operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based 
on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes: 
(a) 
is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition; 
(b) 
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it (and, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary); 
(c) 
is not a breach of any legal, contractual or regulatory restrictions applicable to it (and, if it 
is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary); and 
(d) 
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Product Governance under MiFID II - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 9 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 8 - 
70-40710909 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks.  Prior to investing in the Notes, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the 
Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described 
below.   
Words and expressions defined in the section below titled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.  References in this 
section to “Noteholders” and “holders” in respect of Notes should generally be read (unless the 
context otherwise requires) as meaning not only the legal title holders of the Notes but also 
investors holding beneficial interests in the Notes. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when 
making an investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently 
deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the 
business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such 
risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their 
investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for 
them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
1. Risks related to all Notes 
Limited 
Recourse 
Obligations and Enforcement 
Restrictions 
(a) 
Limited 
recourse 
obligations, 
non-
petition and related 
risks 
 
 
(b) 
Payment of Nominal 
Amount and achieving 
Collateral 
Intention 
are not guaranteed  
 
 
(c) 
Payments 
to 
Noteholders 
are 
subordinated to the 
claims 
of 
other 
Secured Creditors  
(d) 
Only the Trustee may 
enforce the security 
over the Mortgaged 
Property 
 
 
(e) 
Noteholders have no 
right to take action 
against Issuer 
 
 
(f) 
Noteholders 
are 
responsible 
for 
Trustee indemnity and 
funding 
of 
Trustee 
enforcement action 
 
Limitations on trading of the 
Notes 
(a) 
There may be no or 
only a limited active 
trading market for the 
Notes

--- Page 10 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 9 - 
70-40710909 
 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
 
 
(b) 
The 
secondary 
market, 
limited 
liquidity 
and 
considerations 
for 
investors who are not 
Authorised 
Participants 
 
 
(c) 
Authorised Participant 
Concentration Risk 
 
 
(d) 
Market price of the 
Notes 
 
 
(e) 
Disruption Events 
 
 
(f) 
Compulsory 
Redemption of Notes 
from 
non-Qualified 
Holders 
 
Risk of Early Redemption 
(a) 
Risk 
of 
early 
redemption 
(b) 
Payment 
on 
early 
redemption is subject 
to risk 
 
Risks related to repurchases 
at the request of Authorised 
Participants 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount 
is 
not 
guaranteed 
2. Risks related to the Series 
Holdings 
Underlying Debt 
(a) 
Defaults by issuers of 
debt securities 
 
 
(b) 
Fixed 
income 
transferable securities 
 
 
(c) 
Corporate Bonds 
 
 
(d) 
Bank 
Corporate 
Bonds 
 
 
(e) 
Government Bonds 
 
 
(f) 
Sovereign, 
Quasi-
sovereign and Local 
Authority Debt 
 
 
(g) 
High Yield Bonds  
 
 
(h) 
Euro and Eurozone 
Risk 
 
 
(i) 
Emerging Markets 
 
 
(j) 
Illiquidity 
of 
Bonds 
Close to Maturity 
 
 
(k) 
Concentration Risk

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 10 - 
70-40710909 
 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
 
 
(l) 
ESG (Environmental, 
Social 
and 
Governance) 
exclusionary 
screen 
risks 
 
Money Market Instruments 
(a) 
Risks 
related 
to 
Money 
Market 
Instruments 
and 
Funds 
3. Risks related to the CFTA 
Counterparty 
 
(a) 
The Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations 
under the Notes will 
depend on the receipt 
by it of payments 
under any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement 
 
 
(b) 
Risks related to bank 
recovery 
and 
resolution regimes 
4. Risks related to the Issuer 
 
(a) 
No regulation of the 
Issuer 
by 
any 
regulatory authority 
 
 
(b) 
The Issuer is a special 
purpose vehicle 
 
 
(c) 
No guarantee of the 
Notes 
 
 
(d) 
The Issuer may be 
subject to anti-money 
laundering legislation 
which if violated could 
materially 
and 
adversely affect the 
timing and amount of 
payments made by 
the Issuer 
5. Risks related to other 
Transaction Parties 
General 
(a) 
Counterparty Risk to 
the 
Custodian 
and 
sub-custodians 
 
 
(b) 
The Custodian may 
hold 
the 
Secured 
Assets 
in 
the 
Custodian's 
account 
or accounts with a 
sub-custodian, 
a 
securities depository 
or a clearing system 
 
 
(c) 
The 
Custodian's 
failure to pay clearing 
system 
costs 
may

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 11 - 
70-40710909 
 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
result in the Issuer 
failing to receive any 
payments due to it in 
respect 
of 
the 
Secured Assets 
 
 
(d) 
The security interest 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Secured Assets held 
by 
the 
Custodian 
might take the form 
only of a security 
interest 
over 
the 
Issuer's rights against 
the 
Custodian 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
Secured Assets rather 
than a charge over or 
an encumbrance on 
the Secured Assets 
themselves 
 
 
(e) 
Noteholders 
are 
exposed 
to 
the 
creditworthiness 
of 
the Paying Agent 
(f) 
Discretion 
of 
the 
Administrator to make 
certain determinations 
and calculations 
(g) 
Failure 
of 
the 
Administrator 
to 
perform 
calculations 
and determinations 
 
Conflicts of interest 
(a) 
Transaction 
Parties 
and 
conflicts 
of 
interest 
 
 
(b) 
The 
Arranger 
and 
Collateral Manager is 
BlackRock 
Advisors 
(UK) Limited which is 
ultimately owned by 
BlackRock, Inc. 
6. Risks 
associated 
with 
certain 
other 
miscellaneous 
features 
and terms of the Notes, 
including 
settlement, 
discretions, 
Issuer 
substitution 
and 
amendments 
 
(a) 
Modification, waivers 
and substitution 
(b) 
Issuer discretion in 
respect of the method 
of settlement 
(c) 
Cash 
settlement 
following 
an 
Early 
Redemption Event or 
Event of Default

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 12 - 
70-40710909 
 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
 
 
(d) 
Physical settlement 
 
 
(e) 
Failure to settle 
 
 
(f) 
Insufficiency of Duties 
and Charges 
 
 
(g) 
Exchange rate risks 
and 
exchange 
controls 
 
 
(h) 
No guarantee that the 
Notes will be admitted 
to listing and trading 
7. Potential 
Regulatory 
Change 
 
(a) 
Risk of application of 
AIFMD and equivalent 
legislation  
 
 
(b)  
Risk of categorisation 
as 
a 
collective 
investment 
scheme 
(“CIS”) 
 
 
(c) 
Potential 
impact 
of 
cessation 
or 
replacement 
of 
Applicable 
Discount 
Rate  
(d) 
Potential implications 
of 
the 
United 
Kingdom's exit from 
the EU 
 
 
(e) 
Risk of application of 
EMIR 
 
 
(f) 
Risk of application of 
Dodd-Frank 
 
 
(g) 
Risk of change of law 
or interpretation 
(h) 
Risk of change to tax 
law or interpretation 
(i) 
Risk of change to 
accounting standards 
or interpretation 
8. Risks 
related 
to 
legal 
framework of the Notes 
 
(a) 
The 
Issuer 
is 
structured 
to 
be 
insolvency-remote, 
but 
it 
is 
not 
insolvency-proof; 
consequences 
of 
insolvency

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 13 - 
70-40710909 
 
Risk Factor Group 
Sub-heading 
Risk Factors 
proceedings 
in 
relation to the Issuer 
 
 
(b) 
Preferred 
creditors 
under Irish law  
 
 
(c) 
Examinership 
under 
Irish law  
 
 
(d) 
Taxation and no gross 
up 
 
 
(e) 
Notes 
where 
denominations involve 
integral 
multiples: 
definitive Notes 
9. Risks in relation to Notes 
in global form held by or on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream 
 
(a) 
Notes in global form 
are or will be held by 
or 
on 
behalf 
of 
Euroclear 
and/or 
Clearstream 
and 
investors will have to 
rely 
on 
their 
procedures 
for 
transfer, payment and 
communication 
with 
the Issuer 
10. Risks in relation to market 
and other external events 
 
(a)  
Market events may 
lead to volatility and 
loss 
 
(b)  
Impact of natural or 
man-made disasters 
1. 
Risks Related to all Notes 
Limited Recourse Obligations and Enforcement Restrictions 
(a) 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
The Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. 
Payments due in respect of the Notes of any Series will principally be met out of 
amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement(s) for such Series, as backed by the Underlying Debt of the relevant 
Series. The Issuer will have no other material assets or sources of revenue 
available for payment of any of its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is (as provided for in the Trust Documents) permitted to enter into 
contracts with parties only on a "limited recourse" basis such that claims against 
the Issuer in relation to each Series would be restricted to the net proceeds of the 
Mortgaged Property for the respective Series. The purpose of including limited 
recourse provisions in this Base Prospectus and the Transaction Documents is to 
achieve a contractual segregation of assets and liabilities between Series, by 
limiting the rights of Secured Creditors of the Issuer (including Noteholders) in 
respect of a Series to only the assets that are attributable to that Series and to 
restrict their right to claim against assets of another Series.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 14 - 
70-40710909 
 
To make payments under the Notes of any Series, the Issuer will use any 
cashflows in respect of each Cash Flow Timing Agreement relating to that Series 
as well as the liquidation and maturity proceeds of the Series Holdings for that 
Series. If the amounts received by the Issuer in respect of the Series Holdings 
and the Cash Flow Timing Agreement for a Series are not sufficient to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes of that Series, the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes of that Series will be limited to the Mortgaged Property of 
that Series. In this regard, potential investors should pay attention to the section 
titled "Risks related to the CFTA Counterparty " below. 
The Noteholders of each Series will have no recourse to other assets of the Issuer, 
including assets of the Issuer attributable to other Series. The proceeds available 
for the repayment of the Notes of a Series at any time may not be sufficient to 
cover all or any of the amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the 
Notes of that Series. If the proceeds of the realisation of the Mortgaged Property 
for a Series prove insufficient to make payments or deliveries in respect of the 
Notes of that Series, no other assets will be available for payment or delivery in 
respect of the shortfall. Following distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the 
Mortgaged Property for a Series, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes for that Series will be extinguished. No debt or other 
obligation will be owed by the Issuer in respect of such claim. 
In such circumstances holders of Notes of the relevant Series may lose some or 
all of their investment in the Notes. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf 
of any of them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them will have any claim 
arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to securities 
of any other Series issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form 
a single series with the Notes) or not attributable to any particular Series. 
While assets held in relation to any particular Series of Notes are not available to 
satisfy the claims of holders of a different Series of Notes, there is a risk that the 
Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect of the 
Notes or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-
petition limitations and there is a risk that the limited recourse and non-petition 
provisions could be found to be unenforceable in certain jurisdictions. Please see 
also the section "Risks relating to the Issuer" below. 
(b) 
Payment of Nominal Amount and achieving Collateral Intention are not 
guaranteed 
While any Redemption Amounts (other than Repurchase Settlement Amounts) 
payable to Noteholders are specified to be at least either (i) the Nominal Amount, 
or (ii) an adjusted Nominal Amount, if the amounts realised from the relevant 
Series Holdings together with net cashflow payments due under the relevant Cash 
Flow Timing Agreement(s) are insufficient to pay such Nominal Amount or 
adjusted Nominal Amount, the amounts realised will be distributed in accordance 
with Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) and the limited recourse provisions 
applicable to the Notes (as further described in the section titled "Limited recourse 
obligations, non-petition and related risks") will apply. If there are insufficient funds 
to pay the Nominal Amount for all outstanding Notes of the relevant Series, 
holders of Notes will receive less than the Nominal Amount for such Notes.  
There is no guarantee that holders of Notes will receive the Nominal Amount for 
the relevant Notes.  Payment of the Final Maturity Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Default Redemption Amount and the Issuer Call Amount is in each 
case dependent on the value realised from Series Holdings coupled with net

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 15 - 
70-40710909 
 
cashflows from CFTA Counterparties for the relevant Series, and payment of such 
amounts is not guaranteed by the Issuer, Arranger, any CFTA Counterparty or 
any other Transaction Party. The value realised from the Series Holdings may be 
negatively impacted in the event that it is not possible or practicable for the 
Collateral Manager to realise the Series Holdings under normal market conditions 
(e.g. in the event of market distress). 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to meet its Collateral Intention. 
If the Issuer is unable to meet the Collateral Intention for a Series (including if 
issuers of one or more Underlying Debt Securities for that Series default in their 
payments to the Issuer and the Issuer is unable to make up such loss from other 
Underlying Debt Securities invested in by the Issuer for such Series), it is the 
intention of the Issuer to maintain, as far as practicable, its payments of Interest 
Amounts for such Series. This means that the Issuer’s ability to pay the full 
principal on maturity or on an early termination prior to maturity for such Series 
will be impacted first and holders of Notes would be unlikely to receive the full 
Nominal Amount for their Notes in such circumstances. 
(c) 
Payments to Noteholders are subordinated to the claims of other Secured 
Creditors 
The rights of the Noteholders under the Conditions to be paid amounts due under 
the Notes following an Enforcement Event or in connection with the redemption in 
full of a Series at or prior to its Maturity Date will be subordinated to payment of: 
(i) fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities properly incurred by and any 
indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the Trustee or any receiver in 
preparing and executing the trusts created by the Trust Documents 
(including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT), the 
costs of realising any Transaction Security and the Trustee's 
remuneration, each in respect of the relevant Series; 
(ii) (A) any amounts payable by the Issuer, in relation to the relevant Series, 
to the Custodian, the Administrator, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the 
Paying Agent and the Collateral Manager pursuant to the relevant 
Transaction Documents, and (B) any fees and expenses payable by the 
Issuer to any tax or legal advisors, auditors or other service providers to 
the Issuer (apart from any CFTA Counterparty) in relation to the relevant 
Series; and 
(iii) any amounts owing to any CFTA Counterparty under any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement(s) for the relevant Series. 
As a result, funds available to the Issuer in connection with the Notes will be 
applied to satisfy such senior ranking payments before payments are made to 
Noteholders. 
If the funds available to the Issuer to satisfy claims of all Secured Creditors are 
insufficient to satisfy all such claims, any amount payable to Noteholders will be 
reduced and Noteholders will lose some or all of their investment. 
(d) 
Only the Trustee may enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property 
Noteholders are not permitted to enforce the security over the Mortgaged 
Property. Only the Trustee may enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property 
in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Trust Documents. The Trustee 
will be required to enforce the security in respect of a Series if requested by the 
holders of at least one quarter in nominal amount of the outstanding Notes of such 
Series or if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, in each case subject to the 
Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 16 - 
70-40710909 
 
The interests of particular Noteholders (who request or direct the enforcement of 
the security) may not coincide with those of other Noteholders. Enforcement of 
the security on the request or direction of some of the Noteholders may not be in 
the best interests of some or all of the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Noteholders have no right to take action against Issuer 
The Noteholders are not entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in relation 
to any breach of the terms of the Trust Documents or the Notes. The only 
circumstance in which Noteholders may take such action is where the Trustee, 
having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Documents, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing. 
(f) 
Noteholders are responsible for Trustee indemnity and funding of Trustee 
enforcement action 
The Trustee may take certain actions in respect of a Series of Notes, in particular 
if the security over the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series of Notes 
becomes enforceable under the Conditions. 
Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not so indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded, it may decide not to take such action. Such 
inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust 
Documents. Consequently, the Noteholders would have to either arrange for such 
indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding. Noteholders should therefore be 
prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security 
and/or pre-funding or be prepared to accept the consequences of any such 
inaction by the Trustee. 
Any such inaction by the Trustee shall not entitle Noteholders to take action 
against the Issuer for any breach of the Trust Documents or the Notes by the 
Issuer. As a result, Noteholders may have to incur additional costs and expenses 
(which may be substantial) in order to realise some or all of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Limitations on trading of the Notes 
(a) 
There may be no or only a limited active trading market for the Notes 
Although application will be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted 
to the official list and to trading on its regulated market, the Notes are expected to 
trade over-the-counter (“OTC") rather than on Euronext Dublin. There is no 
assurance that an active trading secondary market will develop.  Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for 
the Notes. The Notes may trade at a discount to their initial offering price after 
their initial issuance, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic and market conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer.   
(b) 
The secondary market, limited liquidity and considerations for investors 
who are not Authorised Participants 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes of a Series that (due to their underlying 
investment exposures) are relatively more sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks than Notes of other Series, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 17 - 
70-40710909 
 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Accordingly, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. 
An investor that is not an Authorised Participant can only realise value from Notes 
prior to its Maturity Date or prior to any early redemption by selling Notes at their 
then market price on the secondary market to an Authorised Participant or to other 
investors. 
The market price at which the Notes trade may not align with or correlate to the 
price of the Series Holdings underlying the relevant Notes. The market price of 
the Notes will be a function of the supply and demand amongst investors wishing 
to buy and sell the Notes and the bid/offer spread that market-makers (including 
Authorised Participants) are willing to quote for the Notes on any relevant stock 
exchange or market. If there is a high level of demand for a relevant Series of 
Notes then, other things remaining equal, those Notes are likely to trade at a 
premium. Authorised Participants have the right (but not the obligation) to request 
that the Issuer issues further Notes of a Series. If the Authorised Participants 
exercise such right and the request is accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer (who 
is not obliged to accept such request), this will increase supply and would reduce 
any such premium. Conversely, if supply exceeds demand on the secondary 
market then, other things remaining equal, the Notes are likely to trade at a 
discount. Where the Notes are trading at a discount, the Authorised Participants 
may purchase the Notes on the secondary market and request that the Issuer 
repurchases such Notes, thus reducing the supply and potentially reducing such 
discount (although such discount could still persist). The Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to ensure that there are at least two Authorised 
Participants per Series.   
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or 
a Series of Notes intends to make a market for the relevant Series of Notes in 
respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant, an Authorised 
Participant is under no obligation to do so and there can be no assurance that 
Authorised Participants would purchase Notes on any day or at any particular 
price. Furthermore, any market in the Notes may not be liquid. 
The price at which an investor may be able to sell Notes at any time may be 
substantially less than the price paid by the investor. This may occur as a result 
of, among other things, there being limited liquidity for the Notes, the market price 
being volatile or the underlying Series Holdings not having performed sufficiently 
to increase or maintain the market value of the Notes. 
(c) 
Authorised Participant Concentration Risk 
Only an Authorised Participant may request for a subscription or repurchase of 
Notes directly with the Issuer. As the Authorised Participants for a Series may be 
its only CFTA Counterparties, in the event that any CFTA Counterparty withdraws 
or is no longer willing to act as an Authorised Participant, until such CFTA 
Counterparty is replaced or a new Authorised Participant is brought on board, the 
Notes may trade at a discount to the Per Note Entitlement for the relevant Series. 
(d) 
Market price of the Notes 
The market price of each Series of Notes will be affected by several factors, 
including, but not limited to:

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 18 - 
70-40710909 
 
(a) 
the value, volatility and the credit quality of the Underlying Debt Securities 
of the relevant Series; 
(b) 
the value and volatility of debt securities in general and the Notes; 
(c) 
market perception, interest rates and yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(d) 
the creditworthiness of, among others, the Transaction Parties; and 
(e) 
liquidity in the Notes on the secondary market. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the secondary market price of the 
Notes can go down as well as up throughout the life of the Notes. Prospective 
investors should be aware that the market price of the Notes on any day may not 
reflect their prior or future performance. The Notes may be affected by changes 
in prevailing interest rates and by credit quality considerations. Changes in market 
rates of interest will generally affect the Per Note Entitlement for a Series as the 
prices of fixed rate securities generally increase when interest rates decline and 
decrease when interest rates rise. 
(e) 
Disruption Events 
During the continuation of any one of the Disruption Events (as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may 
postpone or suspend the issuance and/or repurchase of Notes and/or the 
settlement of any issuance, repurchase or redemption at any time after the 
occurrence of any such Disruption Event by giving a Suspension Notice. 
During a Suspension Period, the Issuer is entitled not to accept Subscription 
Requests and Repurchase Requests. If the settlement of Subscription and 
Repurchase Requests is suspended during the relevant Suspension Period, any 
Subscription Request and Repurchase Request that has been accepted and 
processed but not yet settled at the time such Suspension Period commences will 
be postponed until the end of the Suspension Period, save that after 10 Business 
Days, if the Suspension Period is still continuing, the Issuer may cancel such 
Subscription Request or Repurchase Request. 
If any date scheduled for payment or delivery of a Redemption Amount falls within 
a Suspension Period, it may be postponed until the end of the Suspension Period 
if the Issuer or Collateral Manager on its behalf determine that the relevant 
Disruption Event would disrupt actions required to be performed by the Issuer or 
a relevant Transaction Party in connection with the redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes. 
Noteholders should be aware that a Suspension Period may have an adverse 
effect on the amount and on the timing of payment or delivery Redemption Amount 
of the Notes (including a Repurchase Settlement Amount relating to a Repurchase 
Request) (please also see "Postponement of Settlement" below). 
(f) 
Compulsory Redemption of Notes from non-Qualified Holders 
The Notes may not be at any time offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred 
in the United States or to (or to the benefit of) (i) a U.S. person as defined under 
Regulation S; (ii) a Plan Investor; (iii) any other person, corporation or entity to 
whom a sale or transfer of Notes, or in relation to whom the holding of Notes 
(whether directly or indirectly affecting such person, and whether taken alone or 
in conjunction with other persons, connected or not, or any other circumstances 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) (a) would cause the Notes to be required 
to be registered under the Securities Act, (b) would cause the Issuer to become a 
"controlled foreign corporation" within the meaning of the US Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, (c) would cause the Issuer to have to file periodic reports under 
Section 13 of the Exchange Act, (d) would cause the assets of the Issuer to be

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 19 - 
70-40710909 
 
deemed to be "plan assets" of a Benefit Plan Investor, or (e) would cause the 
Issuer otherwise not to be in compliance with the Securities Act, the US Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, Section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, Similar Law or the Exchange Act; or (iv) a custodian, nominee, 
trustee or the estate of any person, corporation or entity described in (i) to (iii) 
above (a "non-Qualified Holder"). 
The Issuer will have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or 
beneficial ownership interest in the Notes is held by or for a non-Qualified Holder 
to require such non-Qualified Holder or its custodian, nominee, trustee or estate 
to compulsorily redeem the Notes legally or beneficially owned by such non-
Qualified Holder in accordance with Condition 12.6 (Compulsory Redemption of 
Notes from non-Qualified Holders).  The redemption amount will be the 
Repurchase Settlement Amount of the Notes less all costs associated with 
compulsory redemptions, provided that where it is not possible or practicable for 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes, such redemption may be postponed. Pending 
redemption, the Issuer will be entitled to cease to make any payments in respect 
of the Notes held by or for a non-Qualified Holder. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Notes to 
(or to the benefit of) a non-Qualified Holder may restrict the pool of potential 
secondary market investors to which an investor may dispose of the Notes in the 
secondary market and could in turn significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes. 
As a result, the value of the Notes may be materially adversely affected. 
Risk of Early Redemption 
(a) 
Risk of early redemption 
Notes may be mandatorily redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity for several 
reasons. Investors should take particular note of the following circumstances 
which may result in early redemption ("Early Redemption Events"): 
(i) 
certain tax events with respect to the Notes or the Underlying Debt 
Securities; 
(ii) 
failure to replace key service providers in relation the Notes; 
(iii) 
illegality; 
(iv) 
certain legal, regulatory or market events; 
(v) 
certain hedging disruption events, including in relation to any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement; 
(vi) 
certain disruptions materially adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer 
(or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) to maintain the Underlying Debt 
of a Series; and 
(vii) 
it is reasonably likely that the liquidation proceeds of the Series Holdings 
coupled with the net cashflow payments from the CFTA Counterparties 
under the CFTAs would (or would in the future) fall below the Minimum 
Redemption Amount (if any) for such Series, and the Issuer has 
determined in its sole discretion that such likelihood constitutes a 
Collateral Disruption Event. 
The amount payable to a Noteholder in respect of a redemption of the Notes as 
the result of an Early Redemption Event will be an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount (to which no Minimum Redemption Amount shall 
apply). The Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, will be responsible for 
liquidating the Underlying Debt Securities in accordance with the terms of the 
Collateral Management Agreement. The Collateral Manager, on behalf of the

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 20 - 
70-40710909 
 
Issuer is permitted to sell the Underlying Debt Securities in any manner it deems 
fit and shall not have any liability for doing so if a higher price could have been 
obtained had such sale taken place at a different time. The timing and method of 
liquidation may materially affect the price obtained in respect of the Underlying 
Debt Securities being liquidated. 
Following an Event of Default, the Notes may be redeemed before the scheduled 
Maturity Date at the Default Redemption Amount. 
If the Issuer is subject to a Bankruptcy Event of Default, the Trustee, or to the 
extent that a competent bankruptcy official or examiner has been appointed in the 
context of the bankruptcy proceedings, such bankruptcy officer or examiner will 
liquidate the Mortgaged Property in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed and the applicable legal and regulatory provisions. 
Any payments of the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Default Redemption 
Amount will be made after payment of any priority claims. Such priority claims 
include payment of any amounts due to the CFTA Counterparty in connection with 
the termination of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
The proceeds and/or assets available following payment of any such priority 
claims may not be sufficient to pay or deliver, as the case may be, in full the 
amounts that the Noteholders would expect to receive if the Notes were redeemed 
in accordance with their terms on the Maturity Date, and there is a risk that 
Noteholders will not receive back in full or at all the amount they originally 
invested. 
Following an early redemption of the Notes as a result of an Early Redemption 
Event or an Event of Default, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds in a way that generates a level of return as high as that on the Notes 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of return. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider such reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments that are available to them. 
(b) 
Payment on early redemption is subject to risk 
Payment of the Early Redemption Amount and the Default Redemption Amount 
is in each case dependent on the value realised from the Series Holdings coupled 
with the net cashflow payments from the CFTA Counterparties for the relevant 
Series. The value realised from the Series Holdings may be impacted by other 
factors in addition to changes to relevant interest rate and credit spreads. In the 
event that it is not possible or practicable for the Collateral Manager to realise the 
Series Holdings under normal market conditions (e.g. in the event of market 
distress), this may negatively impact the value realised from the Series Holdings. 
If the value realised from the Series Holdings coupled with net cashflow from the 
CFTA Counterparties for the relevant Series are insufficient to pay the full Early 
Redemption Amount or Default Redemption Amount for the relevant Notes, the 
value realised from the Series Holdings coupled with net cashflows from the CFTA 
Counterparties will be distributed in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of 
Proceeds) and the limited recourse provisions applicable to the Notes (as further 
described in the section titled "Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks") will apply.  Payment of the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Default Redemption Amount is not guaranteed by the Issuer, Arranger, any CFTA 
Counterparty or any other Transaction Party. 
Risks related to repurchases at the request of Authorised Participants 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount is not guaranteed 
Where the Issuer repurchases Notes from an Authorised Participant prior to their 
Maturity Date at the request of the Authorised Participant, the repurchase price

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 21 - 
70-40710909 
 
(the "Repurchase Settlement Amount") may, if so specified in the Final Terms 
for a particular Series, be floored at a specified Minimum Redemption Amount 
(less applicable costs), but subject to the limited recourse provisions applicable to 
the Notes.   
Notwithstanding the above, as a result of the operation of the limited recourse 
provisions applicable to the Notes (as further described in the section titled 
"Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks"), there is no 
guarantee that Authorised Participants will receive the Minimum Redemption 
Amount in connection with a Repurchase Request in the event that the value of 
the portion of the Series Holdings (the “Relevant Portion”) realised in relation to 
such repurchase is insufficient to pay the relevant Minimum Redemption Amount. 
The payment of such Minimum Redemption Amount is dependent on the value 
realised from the Relevant Portion and is not otherwise guaranteed by the Issuer, 
Arranger, any CFTA Counterparty or any other Transaction Party. 
In the event that it becomes reasonably likely that the liquidation proceeds of the 
Series Holdings coupled with the net cashflow payments from the CFTA 
Counterparties for the relevant Series would fall below the Minimum Redemption 
Amount (if any) for such Series, the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion 
that such likelihood constitutes a Collateral Disruption Event and mandatorily 
redeem all Notes of the relevant Series.  The Minimum Redemption Amount does 
not apply to the Early Redemption Amount payable on an Early Redemption 
Event. For risks relating to early redemptions, please see risk factors in the section 
titled "Risks of Early Redemption". Noteholders may receive less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and there is a risk that they may receive back less 
than the amount they originally invested. 
2. 
Risks related to the Series Holdings 
Underlying Debt 
The risks in this section should be considered in the context of the Underlying Debt 
Securities and the Collateral Criteria for the Series of Notes, as set out in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. Not all the risks in this section that relate to 
the various types of assets that may make up the Underlying Debt Securities will be 
relevant to all Series. 
(a) 
Defaults by issuers of debt securities 
If issuers of one or more Underlying Debt Securities of a Series default in their 
payments to the Issuer and the Issuer is unable to make up such loss from other 
Underlying Debt Securities invested in by the Issuer for such Series to meet the 
Collateral Intention, it is the intention of the Issuer to maintain, as far as 
practicable, its payments of Interest Amounts for such Series. This means that its 
ability to pay the full principal on maturity or an early termination prior to maturity 
for such Series would be impacted first and holders of such Notes would be 
unlikely to receive the full principal payment in such circumstances. The risk of 
default in respect of the debt securities will depend on the credit worthiness of, 
and the risks faced by, their issuers.  The key risks relating to different types of 
debt securities that may form the Underlying Debt of various Series are set out in 
this section. 
(b) 
Fixed income transferable securities 
Debt securities are subject to both actual and perceived measures of 
creditworthiness. The amount of credit risk may be assessed using the issuer's 
credit rating which is assigned by one or more independent rating agencies. This 
does not amount to a guarantee of the issuer's creditworthiness but provides an 
indicator of the likelihood of default. Securities which have a lower credit rating 
are generally considered to have a higher credit risk and a greater possibility of

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 22 - 
70-40710909 
 
default than more highly rated securities. Companies often issue securities which 
are ranked in order of seniority which in the event of default would be reflected in 
the priority in which investors might be paid back. 
The downgrading of a rated debt security or adverse publicity and investor 
perception, which may not be based on fundamental analysis, could decrease the 
value and liquidity of the security, particularly in a thinly traded market. Where 
such securities are downgraded or have their credit ratings withdrawn by the 
relevant credit rating agencies such that they no longer meet the credit rating 
requirements for the relevant Series or its Ratings Threshold (where applicable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms), the relevant securities may be held 
until such time as the Issuer or the Collateral Manager deems reasonable or it is 
practicable for the Collateral Manager to sell such securities. 
Debt securities may be affected by changes in prevailing interest rates and by 
credit quality considerations. Changes in market rates of interest will generally 
affect the asset values of debt securities as the prices of fixed rate securities 
generally increase when interest rates decline and decrease when interest rates 
rise. Prices of shorter-term securities generally fluctuate less in response to 
interest rate changes than do longer-term securities. An economic recession may 
adversely affect an issuer's financial condition and the market value of high yield 
debt securities issued by such entity. The issuer's ability to service its debt 
obligations may be adversely affected by specific issuer developments, or the 
issuer's inability to meet specific projected business forecasts, or the unavailability 
of additional financing. 
(c) 
Corporate Bonds 
The Series may invest in corporate bonds issued by companies within a specific 
range of credit worthiness. Corporate bonds may be upgraded or downgraded 
from time to time due to a perceived increase or reduction in the credit worthiness 
of the companies issuing the bonds. Sub-investment grade bonds are generally 
riskier investments, involving a higher risk of default, by the issuing company. 
(d) 
Bank Corporate Bonds 
Corporate bonds issued by a financial institution may be subject to the risk of a 
write down or conversion (i.e. "bail-in") by a relevant authority in circumstances 
where the financial institution is unable to meet its financial obligations. This may 
result in bonds issued by such financial institution being written down (to zero), 
converted into equity or alternative instrument of ownership, or the terms of the 
bond may be varied.  ‘Bail-in’ risk refers to the risk of relevant authorities 
exercising powers to rescue troubled banks by writing down or converting rights 
of their bondholders in order to absorb losses of, or recapitalise, such banks. 
Investors should be alerted to the fact that relevant authorities are more likely to 
use a "bail-in" tool to rescue troubled banks, instead of relying on public financial 
support as they have in the past. Relevant authorities now consider that public 
financial support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and 
exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, other resolution tools, including the 
"bail-in" tool.  A bail-in of a financial institution is likely to result in a reduction in 
value of some or all its bonds (and possibly other securities). 
(e) 
Government Bonds 
Investments in government bonds may be subject to liquidity constraints and 
periods of significantly lower liquidity in difficult market conditions. Therefore it 
may be more difficult to achieve a fair value on purchase and sale transactions in 
respect of such bonds. The value of Underlying Debt Securities (where such 
assets include government bonds) may be adversely affected as a result of the 
above risks.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 23 - 
70-40710909 
 
(f) 
Sovereign, Quasi-sovereign and Local Authority Debt 
Sovereign debt includes securities issued by or guaranteed by a sovereign 
government. Quasi-sovereign debt includes securities issued by or guaranteed by 
or sponsored by an entity affiliated with or backed by a sovereign government. 
Local authority debt securities are issued by or guaranteed by or sponsored by an 
entity which is either a local authority or affiliated with or backed by a local 
authority entity. The entity that controls the repayment of sovereign, quasi-
sovereign or local authority debt may not be able or willing to repay the principal 
and/or interest when due in accordance with the terms of such debt. The entity’s 
ability to repay the principal and/or interest due in a timely manner may be affected 
by, among other factors, its cashflow, the extent of its foreign reserves (where 
relevant), the availability of sufficient foreign exchange on the date a payment is 
due, the state of its country’s economy, the relative size of the debt service burden 
to the economy as a whole, restrictions on its ability to raise more cash, the entity’s 
policy towards the International Monetary Fund and the political constraints to 
which the entity may be subject. Such entities may also be dependent on expected 
disbursements from foreign governments, multilateral agencies and others abroad 
to reduce principal and interest arrearage on their debt. The commitment on the 
part of these governments, agencies and others to make such disbursements may 
be conditioned on such entities’ implementation of economic reforms and/or 
economic performance and the timely service of such debtors’ obligations. Failure 
to implement such reforms, achieve such levels of economic performance or 
repay the principal and/or interest when due may result in the cancellation of such 
third parties’ commitments to lend funds to the entities, which may further impair 
such debtors’ ability to service their debt on a timely basis. Consequently, such 
entities may default on their sovereign, quasi-sovereign or local authority debt. 
Holders of sovereign, quasi-sovereign or local authority debt may be requested to 
participate in the rescheduling of such debt and to extend further loans to such 
entities. Quasi-sovereign and local authority debt obligations are typically less 
liquid and less standardised than sovereign debt obligations. There is a possibility 
that there may not be a bankruptcy proceeding by which this debt may be 
collected in whole or in part. Banks, Governments and companies (including within 
the EEA and the United Kingdom) invest in each other so if one country performs 
poorly, the other countries could be impacted. If one country defaults on its debt 
obligations, other countries could be at risk. 
(g) 
High Yield Bonds 
High yield bonds may be more volatile, and subject to greater levels of credit or 
default risk, than high-rated bonds. Such bonds are more likely to react to 
developments affecting market and credit risk than more highly rated securities. 
The value of high yield bonds can be adversely affected by overall economic 
conditions, such as an economic downturn or a period of rising interest rates, and 
high yield bonds may be less liquid and more difficult to sell at an advantageous 
time or price or to value than higher-rated bonds. In particular, high yield bonds 
are often issued by smaller, less creditworthy companies or by highly leveraged 
(indebted) firms, which are generally less able than more financially stable firms 
to make scheduled payments of interest and principal. 
Investors should carefully consider the relative risks of investing in high yield 
securities and understand that such securities generally are not meant for short-
term investing. It may be more difficult for the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) to sell high yield securities or it may only be possible to sell the 
securities at prices lower than if such securities were widely traded.  Furthermore, 
it may be difficult to value certain securities at certain times. Prices realised upon 
the sale of such lower rated securities, under these circumstances, may be less 
than the prices used in calculating the Per Note Entitlement for the Series, the 
Underlying Debt for which includes such assets. In addition, prices for high yield 
securities may be affected by legislative and regulatory developments which could 
adversely affect the secondary market for such high yield securities, the financial

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 24 - 
70-40710909 
 
condition of issuers of these securities and the value of outstanding high yield 
securities. For example, federal legislation in the United States requiring the 
divestiture by federally insured savings and loan associations of their investments 
in high yield bonds and limiting the deductibility of interest by certain corporate 
issuers of high yield bonds has adversely affected the market in recent years. 
Lower rated (i.e. high yield) securities are more likely to react to developments 
affecting market and credit risk than more highly rated securities, which primarily 
react to movements in the general level of interest rates. Lower rated fixed income 
obligations also present risks based on payment expectations. 
(h) 
Euro and Eurozone Risk 
The deterioration of the sovereign debt of several countries, together with the risk 
of contagion to other, more stable, countries, exacerbated the global economic 
crisis. There is a continued possibility that Eurozone countries could be subject to 
an increase in borrowing costs. This situation as well as the United Kingdom’s 
Brexit referendum have raised uncertainties regarding the stability and overall 
standing of the European Economic and Monetary Union. The departure or risk of 
departure from the Euro by one or more Eurozone countries could lead to the 
reintroduction of national currencies in one or more Eurozone countries or, in more 
extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the Euro entirely. These 
potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related 
issues, could adversely affect the value of the Underlying Debt Securities 
underlying the Notes, in particular where any such Underlying Debt Securities are 
denominated in Euro and/or issued by entities domiciled or whose principal activity 
is in the Eurozone. Investors should carefully consider how any potential changes 
to the Eurozone and European Union may affect their investment in the Notes. 
(i) 
Emerging Markets 
Emerging markets are subject to special risks associated with investment in an 
emerging market. The material risks include: generally less liquid and less efficient 
securities markets; (depending on currency) generally greater price volatility; 
exchange rate fluctuations and exchange control; lack of available currency 
hedging instruments; abrupt imposition of restrictions on foreign investment; 
imposition of restrictions on the expatriation of funds or other assets; less publicly 
available information about issuers; the imposition of taxes; higher transaction and 
custody costs; settlement delays and risk of loss; difficulties in enforcing contracts; 
less liquidity and smaller market capitalisations;  less well regulated markets 
resulting in more volatile stock prices; different accounting and disclosure 
standards; governmental interference; risk of expropriation, nationalisation or 
confiscation of assets or property; higher inflation; social, economic and political 
instability and uncertainties; the risk of expropriation of assets and the risk of war. 
The value of Underlying Debt Securities including emerging market exposures 
may be adversely affected as a result of the above risks. 
(j) 
Illiquidity of Bonds Close to Maturity 
In addition to the liquidity risks of bonds already described above, there is a risk 
that bonds which are nearing maturity may become illiquid. In such cases, it may 
become more difficult to achieve fair value on the purchase and sale thereof. 
(k) 
Concentration Risk 
If the Underlying Debt Securities for a Series are concentrated in a particular 
country, region, industry, group of industries or sector the returns on such assets 
may be adversely affected by the performance of those securities and may be 
subject to price volatility.  In addition, where the Underlying Debt Securities for a 
Series are concentrated in a single country, region, industry or group of countries

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 25 - 
70-40710909 
 
or industries the performance of such assets may be more susceptible to any 
single economic, market, political or regulatory occurrence affecting that country, 
region, sector, industry or group of countries or industries. Such Series may be 
more susceptible to greater price volatility when compared to a more diverse 
Series. This could lead to a greater risk of loss to the value of your investment. 
(l) 
ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) exclusionary screen risks 
Where "Initial ESG Screen" is specified as applicable to a Series in its Final Terms, 
the Underlying Debt Securities (or the issuers of such Underlying Debt Securities, 
as applicable) acquired for such Series will be screened to meet certain ESG-
based exclusionary criteria (the Specified Initial ESG Screen Criteria) indicated in 
the Final Terms at the time the Underlying Debt Securities are first added to the 
Series Holdings. 
The Specified Initial ESG Screen Criteria will be applied only at the time that the 
relevant Underlying Debt Securities are first added to the Series. Compliance of 
such debt securities with any ESG screen will not be monitored by the Issuer or 
Collateral Manager, or any other Transaction Party, following their initial 
acquisition. Consequently, such debt securities may cease to meet any ESG 
screen criteria applicable to a Series and no communication will be issued to 
investors in such event nor will such debt securities be sold for this reason. More 
debt securities may also be acquired for a Series where such debt securities form 
or have previously formed part of the Series’ Underlying Debt Securities even if 
such debt securities no longer meet the ESG screen criteria applicable to such 
Series. If the assessment of the ESG characteristics of any Underlying Debt 
Securities changes, none of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, any other 
Transaction Party or any of their affiliates shall have any liability for such change. 
ESG screen criteria will only be applied to debt securities that are acquired for the 
Underlying Debt of the relevant Series and not to any other assets held in respect 
of a Series, including any CFTA Collateral, any cash funds or other cash 
equivalents. For the reasons explained above, assets, which do not comply with 
the ESG screen criteria applicable to a Series, may therefore be held for such 
Series even where "Initial ESG Screen" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms for such Series. The application of such ESG-based exclusionary criteria 
may also result in the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, foregoing 
opportunities to purchase certain debt securities when it might otherwise be 
advantageous from a performance perspective to do so. 
Further details on any Specified Initial ESG Screen Criteria that may be applied 
from time to time will be available on request from the Collateral Manager. 
Investors should make a personal ethical assessment of the extent of ESG-related 
screening and whether this corresponds with investors’ own subjective ethical 
views prior to investing. Certain screens are not full exclusions and they may allow 
debt securities to be held even if such debt securities are issued by entities which 
continue to derive a portion of their revenue from, or continue to have certain ties 
to, the product or activity being screened, so long as the revenue or ties fall below 
the applicable thresholds in the screening criteria. ESG screens and standards 
are a developing area and the methodology used to apply the ESG screens or 
assess ESG standards may accordingly continue to evolve over the term of a 
Series. 
In assessing a security or issuer based on ESG characteristics, the Issuer (or 
Collateral Manager on its behalf) will rely on information and data from third party 
ESG research providers, which are not guaranteed as to their completeness, 
accuracy or availability. The Issuer or Collateral Manager may also rely on their 
own proprietary models which may similarly rely on information which is 
incomplete, inaccurate or unavailable. As a result, there is a risk that the Issuer, 
or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, may incorrectly assess a security or issuer. 
There is also a risk that the Issuer, Collateral Manager, or third party ESG

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 26 - 
70-40710909 
 
providers on which the Issuer or Collateral Manager may depend, may not 
interpret or apply the relevant ESG characteristics correctly. None of the Issuer, 
the Collateral Manager, any other Transaction Party or any of their affiliates makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the fairness, 
correctness, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any such ESG 
assessment. 
Money Market Instruments 
(a) 
Risks related to Money Market Instruments and Funds 
The Issuer may, for cash management purposes and to meet the cashflows 
corresponding to the scheduled periodic fixed interest amounts due on the 
relevant Series, arrange for cash attributable to or held in connection with a Series 
(including pending interest payments and any CFTA Collateral) to be invested into 
cash equivalents, including liquidity instruments and cash funds, including funds 
of the BlackRock, Inc. group of companies (“BlackRock” or the “BlackRock 
Group).  A cash fund which invests a significant amount of its assets in money 
market instruments may be considered as an alternative to investing in a regular 
deposit account. However, a holding in such a fund is subject to the risks 
associated with investing in a collective investment scheme and, while a money 
market collective investment scheme is designed to be a relatively low risk 
investment, it is not entirely free of risk. Despite the short maturities and high credit 
quality of investments of such schemes, increases in interest rates and 
deteriorations in the credit quality can reduce the scheme’s yield and the scheme 
is still subject to the risk that the value of such scheme’s investment can be eroded 
and the principal sum invested will not be returned in full. Where CFTA Collateral 
is held in such assets, should the sum invested not be returned in full the Issuer 
will remain liable to return to the CFTA Counterparty, or account to the CFTA 
Counterparty for, the full amount of the CFTA Collateral originally received by the 
Issuer in respect of a Series of Notes and any such shortfall will be met out of the 
Series Holdings of such Series. 
3. 
Risks related to the CFTA Counterparty 
(a) 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will depend on 
the receipt by it of payments under any Cash Flow Timing Agreement 
If the Issuer has entered into one or more Cash Flow Timing Agreements in 
connection with the Notes, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes will depend on the receipt by it of payments under such Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement(s). 
Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to the ability of each CFTA Counterparty to 
perform its obligations under the relevant Cash Flow Timing Agreement. Default 
by, cessation of business by and certain other events affecting, the CFTA 
Counterparty may result in the termination of the relevant Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement and, in such circumstance, any amount due to the Issuer upon such 
termination may not be paid in full. 
If on the termination of a Cash Flow Timing Agreement an amount is payable by 
the CFTA Counterparty to the Issuer (after taking into account any collateral 
posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of any Credit Support Annex to 
the Cash Flow Timing Agreement), then the Issuer will have an unsecured claim 
against the relevant CFTA Counterparty for such amount and, in any insolvency 
of the CFTA Counterparty, the Issuer's claim will rank after those of the CFTA 
Counterparty's secured and other preferred creditors. 
The costs of moving a CFTA arrangement from one CFTA Counterparty to 
another (for example if there is a default by a CTFA Counterparty or reasonable

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 27 - 
70-40710909 
 
grounds for concern regarding the credit risk it poses) will be borne by the relevant 
Series.  
(b) 
Risks relating to bank recovery and resolution regimes 
One consequence of the global financial crisis has been the regulatory focus on 
recovery and resolution regimes for financial institutions, the purpose of which is 
to allow supervisory authorities to take action to manage financial institutions in 
the event they are unable to perform their principal economic functions. 
To this end the European Union has published framework legislation for bank 
recovery and resolution under Directive 2014/59/EEC, as amended ("BRRD"). 
The BRRD provides supervisory authorities with certain powers to manage 
financial institutions in an orderly manner. Such powers include: 
(i) 
the introduction of a bail-in power, which gives the resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain liabilities and to convert certain liabilities 
into ordinary shares or other instruments of the surviving entity (if any); 
(ii) 
powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be 
invoked as a result of the exercise of the resolution powers; and 
(iii) 
powers to effect a close-out of derivative transactions and determine the 
value of such transactions. 
If a CFTA Counterparty is within the scope of any BRRD implementing legislation 
by reason of the relevant Cash Flow Timing Agreement being a liability of the type 
which may fall within the implementing legislation, then: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of such Cash 
Flow Timing Agreement to write down or convert any claim of the Issuer 
as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising 
any termination rights under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close-out power might be exercised to enforce a 
termination of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement and to value the 
transactions in respect of such agreements. 
For example, if any Cash Flow Timing Agreement is in-the-money for the Issuer 
at a time when a resolution regime applies to the CFTA Counterparty, then any 
claims the Issuer has against the CFTA Counterparty for the close-out amount 
thereof may be adversely affected by being postponed, converted into other 
assets or even written down to zero. 
The taking of resolution actions by the relevant resolution authorities in respect of 
the CFTA Counterparty and the Cash Flow Timing Agreement under the foregoing 
resolution regimes may adversely affect the Noteholders. Following an exercise 
of resolution powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient 
assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Notes or any Transaction 
Document for that Series, the Notes may be the subject of an early redemption 
and any payment of redemption proceeds to Noteholders may be delayed. 
Furthermore, the limitation on the exercise of cross-default rights under the rule 
published by the Federal Reserve on Qualified Financial Contracts may limit the 
right of the Issuer or the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders to exercise its rights 
under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement against the CFTA Counterparty in the 
event the CFTA Counterparty were to enter resolution or ordinary insolvency 
proceedings if the relevant CFTA Counterparty is identified as a “Global 
Systemically Important Bank” thereunder.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 28 - 
70-40710909 
 
In addition to a resolution regime affecting any CFTA Counterparty, investors 
should be aware that special resolution regimes may also apply to the obligor of 
any Underlying Debt Security in respect of a Series of Notes and that in such case 
similar considerations to those set out above may apply. 
4. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
(a) 
No regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any 
current securities, commodities or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation 
and will operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. There can 
be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more other 
jurisdictions will not determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered 
or authorised under the securities, commodities or banking laws of that jurisdiction 
or that legal or regulatory requirements with respect thereto will not change in the 
future. If the Issuer were required to operate within a new regulatory environment, 
it would need to comply with a potentially complex and changing array of laws, 
regulations and standards. Compliance may be difficult and may require 
significant capital and operating expenditures and it may impact the manner in 
which the Issuer operates, which could adversely affect its performance. Failure 
to obtain and maintain requisite approvals, certifications, permits and licences 
could lead to substantial sanctions, including criminal, civil or administrative 
penalties and/or increased regulatory scrutiny, and liability for damages. In certain 
cases, the Issuer could also be forced to suspend operations until it obtains 
required approvals, certifications, permits or licences or otherwise brings its 
operations into compliance. 
Any such requirement or change could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or 
the holders of Notes and, in such circumstance, the Issuer would be likely (at its 
discretion) to determine that a Change of Law/Regulatory Event has occurred 
which could lead to early redemption of the Notes. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing the 
Notes of each Series with restrictions on the activities that it will undertake.  It is 
established for the purpose of investing in the Underlying Debt Securities 
underlying the Notes of each Series and entering into and performing its 
obligations under agreements related to the foregoing. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has an issued and fully-paid up share capital of €25,000.  
Other than the subscription monies received in respect of the issued share capital 
(to the extent not applied in discharge of certain establishment expenses of the 
Issuer), the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than a small amount of profit 
received by the Issuer in connection with the issue of each Series of Notes and in 
respect of a Series of Notes, any rights, property, sums or other assets on which 
such Series of Notes issued under the Programme are secured. 
(c) 
No guarantee of the Notes 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Notes 
of any Series and the Notes issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed 
by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the Notes (i) do not 
represent an interest in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, 
the Collateral Manager, any Transaction Party or any Affiliate or any company 
associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will 
not be within the scope of any deposit protection scheme or any client money 
protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, 
government agency or other body

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 29 - 
70-40710909 
 
(d) 
The Issuer may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation which if 
violated could materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of 
payments made by the Issuer 
The Issuer may be subject to legislation and regulations relating to corrupt and 
illegal payments and money laundering as well as laws, sanctions and restrictions 
relation to certain individuals and countries. If the Issuer were determined by the 
relevant authorities to be in violation of any such legislation or regulations, it could 
become subject to significant penalties, including in certain cases criminal 
penalties. 
Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on the timing and 
amount of payments made by the Issuer to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Risks related to other Transaction Parties 
General 
(a) 
Counterparty Risk to the Custodian and sub-custodians 
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of the Custodian or any sub-custodian 
used by the Custodian ("Sub-Custodian") where cash or other assets are held 
by the Custodian or any Sub-Custodians. Credit risk is the risk that the 
counterparty to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation or 
commitment that it has entered into with the Issuer.  Cash held by the Custodian 
or any Sub-Custodian will not be segregated in practice but will be a debt owing 
from the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian to the Issuer as a depositor. Such cash 
will be co-mingled with cash belonging to other clients of the Custodian and/or 
Sub-Custodians. In the event of the insolvency of the Custodian or any Sub-
Custodian, the Issuer will be treated as a general unsecured creditor of the 
Custodian or such Sub-Custodian in relation to cash holdings of the Issuer. The 
Issuer may face difficulties and/or encounter delays in recovering such debt or 
may not be able to recover it in full or at all, in which case the relevant Series will 
lose some or all of their cash. The Issuer securities are however required to be 
maintained by the Custodian and Sub-Custodians used by the Custodian in 
segregated accounts (in its books and records) and should be protected in the 
event of insolvency of the Custodian or Sub-Custodians, although there could be 
a delay in the Issuer being able to access its securities. The Issuer may enter into 
additional arrangements (for example placing cash in money market collective 
investment schemes) in order to mitigate credit exposure for its cash holdings but 
may be exposed to other risks as a result. 
To mitigate the Issuer’s exposure to the Custodian, the Collateral Manager 
employs specific procedures to ensure that the Custodian is a reputable institution 
and that the credit risk is acceptable to the Issuer. 
The Custodian is however not required to meet any specified minimum rating from 
a credit rating agency in order to continue to be appointed as a custodian and to 
hold cash for the Issuer. 
(b) 
The Custodian may hold the Secured Assets in the Custodian's account or 
accounts with a sub-custodian, a securities depository or a clearing system 
Under the Master Services Agreement, the Custodian may appoint one or more 
Sub-Custodians to hold the Secured Assets, but such appointment shall not 
relieve the Custodian of any of its duties under the Master Services Agreement. 
Investors should note that the Sub-Custodian acts as an agent of the Custodian 
and not as an agent of the Issuer or of any agent other than the Custodian. The 
Custodian shall be liable to the Issuer for acts and omissions on the part of the 
Sub-Custodian. However, the holding of the Secured Assets by the Sub-
Custodian on behalf of the Custodian would mean that the Issuer may not have

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 30 - 
70-40710909 
 
any direct claim against the Sub-Custodian in respect of the Secured Assets. The 
Issuer may only have a claim against the Custodian in respect of the Secured 
Assets even though the Secured Assets will be held by the Sub-Custodian. 
Consequently, the Noteholders are relying also on the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian in respect of the performance of the Sub-Custodian's obligations with 
respect to the Secured Assets. 
(c) 
The Custodian's failure to pay clearing system costs may result in the Issuer 
failing to receive any payments due to it in respect of the Secured Assets 
Sub-Custodians, security depositories or clearing systems may, in relation to their 
fees and/or expenses, have rights of set-off and/or liens with respect to any 
Secured Assets held by them. 
If the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant Sub-
Custodian, security depository or clearing system may exercise such lien or right 
of set-off. This may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due to it in 
respect of the Secured Assets, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes and result in loss to 
Noteholders. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Notes 
will not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the 
Custodian under the Master Services Agreement for the Notes but will also be 
dependent on any Sub-Custodian, security depository or clearing system not 
exercising any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Secured Assets that it holds. 
(d) 
The security interest in respect of the Secured Assets held by the Custodian 
and/or the Paying Agent might take the form only of a security interest over 
the Issuer's rights against the Custodian and/or the Paying Agent in respect 
of such Secured Assets rather than a charge over or an encumbrance on 
the Secured Assets themselves 
Where any Secured Assets are held by the Custodian in book entry form or held 
by the Paying Agent as banker, the security interests granted in respect of such 
Secured Assets might take the form only of a security interest over the Issuer's 
rights against the Custodian or the Paying Agent (respectively) in respect of such 
Secured Assets rather than a charge over the Secured Assets. Noteholders are 
therefore exposed to risks in respect of the Custodian and Paying Agent. 
It is unlikely that the Trustee will have a sufficient level of possession and control 
over the Secured Assets for the security created by the Trust Deed to be 
considered to be a Financial Collateral Arrangement as defined in the Financial 
Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003, as amended, and therefore 
the rights and protections given to the charge by such regulations will likely not 
apply. 
(e) 
Noteholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Paying Agent 
Any payments and/or deliveries made to Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions (except for the Repurchase Settlement Amounts) will be made by the 
Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the terms of the Paying Agency 
and Account Bank Agreement, the Issuer is required to transfer to the Paying 
Agent such amount as may be due under the Notes (except for the Repurchase 
Settlement Amounts), on or before each date on which such payment and/or 
deliveries in respect of the Notes becomes due. 
If the relevant Paying Agent is declared insolvent while holding funds for payment 
to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, the Noteholders may not receive all (or 
any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the relevant 
Paying Agent. The Issuer will remain liable to Noteholders in respect of such

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 31 - 
70-40710909 
 
unpaid amounts but will have insufficient assets to make such payments and 
Noteholders may not receive any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, Noteholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Paying 
Agent in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Paying Agency 
and Account Bank Agreement to make payments to Noteholders. 
(f) 
Discretion of the Administrator to make certain determinations and 
calculations 
The Conditions of the Notes confer on the Administrator certain discretions in 
making determinations and calculations in relation to the Notes, and calculations 
made by the Administrator in respect of any Notes are conclusive and binding on 
the Noteholders. The Administrator has no direct obligations to the Noteholders, 
and only has obligations to the Issuer as set out in the Master Services Agreement 
(please see the section titled "Transaction Parties and Documents" for a 
description of the Master Services Agreement). 
Where the Administrator (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that, as a result of market disruption, war, natural disaster, systems 
failure or any other force majeure event, it is unable to make a calculation or 
determination in the manner required by any Transaction Document, then the 
Administrator shall not be liable for failure to make such calculation or 
determination in the required manner. 
Such an event may have a negative impact on the value of the Notes or the 
occurrence of an early redemption of the Notes or the amount payable or 
deliverable in connection therewith. 
(g) 
Failure of the Administrator to perform calculations and determinations 
The Administrator has a vital role in performing calculations and determinations in 
relation to the Notes. If the Administrator ceases to perform such a role or does 
not make such calculations and determinations required under the Master 
Services Agreement, the Issuer will enforce its rights against the Administrator 
under the Master Services Agreement but, in the interim, the Issuer might cease 
making payments or performing other obligations until the Administrator resumes 
its performance or a replacement administrator is appointed. 
Conflicts of interest 
(a) 
Transaction Parties and conflicts of interest 
Transaction Parties (including the Collateral Manager on behalf of other clients) 
and/or their respective Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making 
activities and may hold long or short positions in the Series Holdings and other 
financial instruments or products based on or related to the Series Holdings for 
their own accounts or for other accounts under their management. Transaction 
Parties and their affiliates may also issue securities or enter into financial 
instruments in relation to the Series Holdings. Such activities could present certain 
conflicts of interest, that could adversely affect the price and liquidity of the Notes 
and may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may be entitled to receive fees or other 
payments under or in connection with other products linked to the Series Holdings 
to which the Notes relate or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights 
of termination or resignation, which they may have, even though so doing may 
have a detrimental effect on investors in the Notes. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, from time to time, by virtue of such 
activities and their status in relation to such activities as underwriter, adviser or 
otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Secured Assets

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 32 - 
70-40710909 
 
and/or the other Transaction Parties. There is no obligation on any Transaction 
Party to disclose to any investor in the Notes any such information. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, as an issuer or counterparty of 
obligations or transactions relating to assets or categories of assets underlying a 
Series from time to time, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to 
the risk of adverse price movements that may impact on the prices of such assets 
or categories of assets on any particular day, meaning it may be different from the 
level which it would otherwise have been, whether directly or indirectly. Such 
activities may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
(b) 
The Arranger and Collateral Manager is BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited 
which is ultimately owned by BlackRock, Inc. 
Any member within the BlackRock Group or any substantial shareholder of 
BlackRock, Inc., and any of the directors of the foregoing, may have an 
interest  in transactions effected with or for the Issuer or in the Notes, or a 
relationship of any description with any other person, from which they may derive 
profits or remuneration and which may involve the appearance of a potential 
conflict with their respective duties to the Arranger and Collateral Manager. Such 
parties may seek to maximise the beneficial outcomes to them of such 
transactions or relationships, which may be adverse to the interests of the Issuer 
or Noteholders generally, and none of them will be liable to account to the 
Issuer for any profit or remuneration derived from so doing.  
Additionally, Barry O’Dwyer, who is a Director of the Issuer, is also an employee 
of BlackRock (though not of the Collateral Manager) and consequently is 
connected with the Collateral Manager and its affiliates. BlackRock is one of the 
world’s largest asset management firms. BlackRock, its subsidiaries and their 
respective officers and employees, like Mr. O’Dwyer, are engaged worldwide in 
activities that include managing securities for other clients who may have interests 
other than (and which are contrary to) those of the Issuer or a Noteholder. These 
activities and interests may include multiple advisory, financial and other 
relationships with, or interests in, issuers of securities or other instruments that 
may also be purchased or sold by the Issuer. As a result, officers and employees 
of BlackRock, like Mr. O’Dwyer, may have obligations to such other businesses 
or their clients in respect of those interests. 
These are considerations of which a Noteholder should be aware, and which  may 
give rise to an actual, potential or perceived conflict of interest between Mr 
O’Dwyer’s role as a Director and his connection with the Collateral Manager that 
could potentially disadvantage the Issuer or Noteholders generally.  While 
BlackRock maintains a conflicts of interest policy, it is not always possible for the 
risk of detriment to a client’s interests to be entirely mitigated such that, on every 
transaction when acting for clients, a risk of detriment to their interests does not 
remain.  
Mr O’Dwyer will comply with his regulatory obligation to disclose to the Issuer any 
potential conflict of interest between his role as Director to the Issuer and as an 
employee of BlackRock.  
6. 
Risks associated with certain other miscellaneous features and terms of the Notes, 
including settlement, discretions, Issuer substitution and amendments 
(a) 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
There are some matters set out in Condition 21 (Modification and Waiver) which 
do not require the approval of Noteholders or the consent of the Trustee. 
Additionally, there are some matters set out in Conditions 21.2 and 21.3 to which 
the Trustee may or shall consent without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders. 
All other matters affecting the interests of the Noteholders must be sanctioned by

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 33 - 
70-40710909 
 
resolution of the Noteholders, which resolution will be binding on all Noteholders 
of the relevant Series, including any Notes who did not vote in favour of such 
resolution. 
To the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or 
the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to certain matters as well as any modification to the Conditions or 
the Trust Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Series or is necessary to comply with any mandatory 
provision of law or the rules of any stock exchange, market or quotation system, 
central securities depository, trading facility or clearing system or is a change to 
the operating model of a Series to address or adapt to any upcoming or potential 
changes in law, regulations, best practice or market practice, where such change 
are in the interests of Noteholders. 
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances the Issuer and the 
relevant Transaction Party may take certain actions, and certain amendments 
may be made to the terms of the Notes and/or the relevant Transaction 
Documents without the requirement for the approval of Noteholders or the consent 
of the Trustee. 
These include (without limitation): 
(i) 
the transfer of any Series Holdings to an Authorised Participant under an 
Authorised Participant Agreement or in respect of Notes subject to 
physical delivery and/or to the Custodian under the Master Services 
Agreement, and the related release of Transaction Security provided such 
transfer and release is effected in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, the Master Services 
Agreement, the Security Deed or the Conditions, as applicable; 
(ii) 
any change to the Operational Fee at any time; 
(iii) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party 
provided such appointment or replacement is effected in accordance with 
the Conditions and the applicable Transaction Documents so long as the 
Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Conditions or any Transaction Document which 
relates to, or is necessary or desirable to address, an operational, 
procedural, administrative or technical issue; 
(v) 
any change to or of the clearing or settlement system in which Notes are 
or may be cleared, held or deposited; 
(vi) 
any change to the number or Nominal Amount of Notes which may be 
evidenced by a Global Note, or similar or equivalent instrument held in or 
deposited with a settlement system other than through an ICSD; 
(vii) 
by notice to the Trustee and Administrator, any change to the form, nature, 
or method for registration, transfer and/or clearing of the Notes, including 
without limitation the conversion of the Notes from certificated to 
uncertificated form, or from uncertificated to certificated form; 
(viii) 
the marketing or listing of the Notes of any Series in any additional 
jurisdiction and/or on any additional stock exchange, market or trading 
facility;

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 34 - 
70-40710909 
 
(ix) 
any change to the Applicable Discount Rate or any other reference rate in 
the event that (i) such Applicable Discount Rate or other reference rate 
ceases or will cease to be calculated or published, or (ii) such Applicable 
Discount Rate or other reference rate is no longer recognised by the 
market as an appropriate reference rate; or 
(x) 
any other modifications to the Conditions, Notes, or Transaction 
Documents which relates or is incidental to, or is necessary or desirable 
to give effect to, any of the foregoing, 
in each case which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) does not 
consider to be materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders. 
Such actions or amendments may, in certain circumstances, have adverse 
consequences for investors. Prospective investors should recognise that such 
actions or amendments can take place without any requirement for consent from 
them or the Trustee and should ensure that they accept and are aware of the 
potential consequences of such actions or amendments. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the 
consent of Noteholders, agree to the substitution of a company other than the 
Issuer as principal debtor under any Notes. 
Accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that their rights in respect of the 
Notes are varied against their will, which may result in an investment in any Notes 
becoming less advantageous to a particular Noteholder depending on individual 
circumstances. 
(b) 
Issuer discretion in respect of the method of settlement 
Although an Authorised Participant may express a preference in any Repurchase 
Request as to the method of settlement of the Repurchase Settlement Amount, 
the Issuer shall have the right to determine (in its absolute discretion) the method 
of settlement of such Repurchase Settlement Amount. 
Consequently, an Authorised Participant may receive a cash amount or 
Underlying Debt Securities (or a combination of cash and Underlying Debt 
Securities) irrespective of any preference expressed for a particular form of 
settlement. 
(c) 
Cash settlement following an Early Redemption Event or Event of Default 
Following the delivery of an Early Redemption Notice or Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, the ability of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) to sell or otherwise realise the Underlying Debt in cash at their market 
value (less costs) or at all may be adversely affected by a number of factors, 
including without limitation if any such Underlying Debt Securities have become 
subject to sanctions or their sale is otherwise restricted by law or regulation. 
Additionally, Underlying Debt Securities which are rated as high yield (rather than 
investment grade) at the time of such Early Redemption Notice or Event of Default 
Redemption Notice may also be less liquid and/or more volatile which may 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer or Collateral Manager to realise such 
assets. 
Consequently, the Issuer may not be able to sell or otherwise realise the 
Underlying Debt in full in one day and may need to sell such assets over a series 
of days. For these reasons, redemption proceeds (in cash) may take longer to be 
paid out than redemption proceeds (in securities) for physical redemptions. 
The Issuer may not be able to achieve a price equal to the estimated market value 
of the Series Holdings. Prospective investors should note that there can be no

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 35 - 
70-40710909 
 
assurance that the redemption proceeds received by Noteholders following an 
Early Redemption Event or Event of Default will be greater than or equal to the 
amount invested by any Noteholder and that an investor may lose the entire value 
of their investment. 
(d) 
Physical settlement 
A repurchase of Notes from an Authorised Participant in accordance with 
Condition 12.5 (Repurchase prior to the Maturity Date at the Option of an 
Authorised Participant) may in certain circumstances be settled (in whole or part) 
by physical delivery of a portfolio of Underlying Debt Securities. 
Conditions to settlement 
If the Notes are to be settled by delivery of physical assets (from the Series 
Holdings), the Issuer's obligation to deliver the relevant property is subject to 
conditions to settlement. No delivery will be made in respect of a physically settled 
Note unless the Issuer has received the required instructions, certifications and 
information and, where applicable, the relevant Note has been delivered and/or 
surrendered in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. 
Exposure to value of Underlying Debt and transfer expenses 
Where Notes are settled by delivery of physical assets rather than by payment of 
cash, investors will be exposed to the issuer(s) of such delivered assets. Investors 
may not be able to sell such delivered assets for a specific price and the delivered 
assets may have a very low value or may in fact be worthless. Investors may also 
be subject to documentary or stamp taxes and/or other charges in relation to the 
delivery and/or disposal of such assets. Settlement is subject to satisfaction of all 
settlement costs by the investor. 
Settlement disruption risk 
Certain settlement disruption events may occur which could restrict the Issuer's 
ability to deliver physical assets from the Series Holdings, and the date of delivery 
of payments and/or entitlements could be delayed accordingly. In accordance with 
Condition 12.15 (Postponement of Settlement during a Suspension Period), 
where the delivery of the relevant entitlement using the method of delivery 
specified or agreed is impossible or impracticable by reason of a Suspension 
Period being on-going on (or having been on-going immediately prior to) the 
Relevant Settlement Date, the Relevant Settlement Date may be postponed and 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) also has the right to either (a) 
deliver some or all of the entitlement in any commercially reasonable manner, or 
(b) pay an amount in lieu of delivering the relevant entitlement. Such a disruption 
event and related determinations may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the relevant Notes. 
(e) 
Failure to settle 
If an Authorised Participant submits a dealing request and subsequently fails or is 
unable to settle and complete the dealing request, the Issuer’s only recourse to 
the Authorised Participant is its contractual right to recover such costs. In the 
event that no recovery can be made from the Authorised Participant, any costs 
incurred as a result of the failure to settle will be borne by the assets attributable 
to the relevant Series. 
(f) 
Insufficiency of Duties and Charges 
Duties and Charges are levied in order to defray the costs associated with the 
purchase, sale or amendment of Series Holdings and/or any Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement in connection with subscriptions and repurchases. The level of Duties 
and Charges may be determined by the Issuer or Collateral Manager in advance

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 36 - 
70-40710909 
 
of the actual purchase or sale of Underlying Debt Securities, execution of 
associated foreign exchange or amendment to the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
It may be estimated based on historic information concerning the costs incurred 
in trading the relevant securities in the relevant markets.  This figure is reviewed 
periodically and adjusted as necessary. If the Duties and Charges levied are 
insufficient to discharge all of the costs incurred in the purchase or sale of 
Underlying Debt Securities or amendment of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement, 
the difference will be paid out of the assets attributable to each Series, which, 
pending the reimbursement of the shortfall by an Authorised Participant, will result 
in a reduction in the value of the Series Holdings for such Series. 
(g) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Series Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Series Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Series Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Series Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the 
past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
(h) 
No guarantee that the Notes will be admitted to listing and trading 
Although application will be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to listing and trading, there is no assurance that 
such application will be accepted, or that any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
so admitted. 
The Issuer may, with notice to Noteholders, discontinue any listing of the Notes 
or arrange for the Notes to be listed on another stock exchange or exchanges 
(which may be other than a regulated market). 
This may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder’s ability to hold, or resell, the 
Notes depending on the circumstances of the particular Noteholder. 
7. 
Potential regulatory change or accounting standards change 
(a) 
Risk of application of AIFMD and equivalent legislation 
The EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
("AIFMD") became effective on 22 July 2013. The AIFMD has been implemented 
into Irish law by the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers) 
Regulations 2013 (S.I. No. 257/2013) (the "Irish AIFM Regulations").  The 
AIFMD provides, amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds 
("AIFs") must have a designated alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) 
with responsibility for portfolio and risk management.  However, the AIFMD does 
not apply to "securitisation special purpose entities" (the "SSPE Exemption"). 
The Central Bank has published certain guidance on the application of the Irish 
AIFM Regulations, including the scope of the SSPE Exemption.  In particular, the 
Central Bank has indicated that "financial vehicles engaged solely in activities 
where economic participation is by way of debt or other corresponding instruments

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 37 - 
70-40710909 
 
which do not provide ownership rights in the financial vehicle as are provided by 
the sale of units or shares" may be considered outside the scope of the Irish AIFM 
Regulations.  Accordingly, the Issuer believes that it falls within the SSPE 
Exemption as the Notes to be issued under the Programme are structured as debt 
instruments which do not provide ownership rights in the Issuer.  However, in 
providing its guidance, the Central Bank alluded to the possibility that the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) may provide additional 
guidance on the types of structures that will be considered AIFs and the scope of 
the SSPE Exemption under the AIFMD, although, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, ESMA has not issued additional guidance that would preclude the 
Issuer from falling within the SSPE Exemption. 
The AIFMD was implemented in the UK by the Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as preserved and on-shored (with amendments) by 
the Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019 and the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Guidance issued by the 
FCA states that the FCA assumes that certain special purpose vehicles that are 
set up to invest in financial assets and which finance the purchase of those assets 
by an issue of debt securities are not AIFs if the arrangements meet the "debt 
issues" exclusion in paragraph 5 of the Schedule to the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Collective Investment Schemes) Order 2001 (the "CIS Order"). 
In the Issuer's view, the Notes are likely to fall into the exclusion for "debt issues" 
set out in paragraph 5 of the CIS Order and is therefore unlikely to be an AIF. 
There can be no assurance that courts or regulatory authorities would not apply 
another interpretation and re-characterise the Issuer as an AIF.   
If the position were to change, or (notwithstanding the regulatory position 
described above) if the Issuer were to be found to be an AIF or an AIFM or if the 
Arranger (acting as Arranger, Collateral Manager or in any other capacity in 
respect of the Notes) were found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to the Issuer 
as an AIF, such AIFM would be subject to the requirements of the AIFMD. A 
similar risk also applies in other Member States in the European Economic Area. 
In addition, should the courts or regulatory authorities in the UK or in Ireland re-
characterise the Issuer, or the Issuer otherwise become subject to the 
requirements of the AIFMD, this would be likely to have a knock-on effect on the 
characterisation of the Issuer in certain other Member States of the European 
Economic Area. 
Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that either 
the Issuer or Arranger could comply fully with the requirements of the AIFMD were 
AIFMD to apply. In addition, this could have a negative impact on how the Notes 
are treated from a regulatory perspective. 
In such circumstance, the Issuer would be likely (at its discretion) to determine 
that a Change of Law/Regulatory Event has occurred which could lead to early 
redemption of the Notes. 
(b) 
Risk of categorisation as a collective investment scheme (“CIS”) 
The Issuer is of the view that it is unlikely to be treated as a CIS under any Irish 
legislative provision governing the establishment, promotion and/or supervision of 
collective investment schemes in Ireland as the Notes constitute debt obligations 
of the Issuer.  Similarly, the Issuer is of the view that it is unlikely to be treated as 
a CIS in the UK as the Notes fall into the exclusion for "debt issues" set out in 
paragraph 5 of the CIS Order. There can be no assurance that courts or regulatory 
authorities would not apply another interpretation and re-characterise the Issuer 
as a CIS.   
If the Issuer were to be found to be a CIS in Ireland or the UK, this could have a 
negative impact on how the Notes are treated from a regulatory perspective. If 
such an event were to occur, the Issuer intends to make such changes to the

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 38 - 
70-40710909 
 
Programme as are necessary for the Issuer to cease being treated as a CIS, 
including but not limited to amending the Conditions to give the Issuer the ability 
to accept and reject Repurchase Requests from Authorised Participants at its 
discretion.  If any such changes cannot be implemented or if the Issuer is unable 
to ensure that it ceases to be treated as a CIS, the Issuer would be likely (at its 
discretion) to determine that a Change of Law/Regulatory Event has occurred, 
which could lead to early redemption of the Notes. A re-characterisation risk may 
similarly be applicable in certain other Permitted Countries (as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms), having regard to the legislative or regulatory 
requirements in any such Member State governing the establishment, promotion 
and/or supervision of collective investment schemes.  In addition, should the 
courts or regulatory authorities in Ireland or the UK re-characterise the Issuer as 
a CIS, this may have a knock-on effect on the characterisation of the Issuer in 
certain other Permitted Countries. 
(c) 
Potential impact of cessation or replacement of Applicable Discount Rate  
The Applicable Discount Rate for certain Series may be based on variable 
benchmark or interbank rates, such as the Euro OverNight Index Average 
(“EONIA”) and other similar types of reference rates (“Rates”). The cessation or 
replacement of a Rate or any other changes or reforms to the determination, 
calculation methodology, administration or supervision of a Rate, or any increased 
costs associated with use (or replacement) of a Rate, could have an adverse 
impact on the market for, or value or performance of, any securities or on 
payments linked to such Rate and may result in a requirement to use an 
alternative Rate as the basis for the Applicable Discount Rate for the relevant 
Series.  
The European Central Bank has announced that the Euro Short Term Rate 
(“€STR”) will replace EONIA on 1 January 2022. Until such date, the European 
Central Bank intends to correlate EONIA and €STR by proposing a “new EONIA” 
based on the €STR. There remains some uncertainty regarding the potential effect 
of a transition away from EONIA to €STR on a Series that uses EONIA as the 
basis for its Applicable Discount Rate.  
(d) 
Potential implications of the United Kingdom's exit from the EU  
On 31 January 2020 the UK formally withdrew from and ceased to be a member 
of the European Union (“EU”).  Following this, the UK entered into a transition 
period which lasted for the remainder of 2020, during which period the UK was 
subject to applicable EU laws and regulations.  The transition period expired on 
31 December 2020, and EU law no longer applies in the UK. 
On 30 December 2020, the UK and the EU signed an EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (the “UK/EU Trade Agreement”), which applies from 1 
January 2021 and sets out the foundation of the economic and legal framework 
for trade between the UK and the EU.  As the UK/EU Trade Agreement is a new 
legal framework, the implementation of the UK/EU Trade Agreement may result 
in uncertainty in its application and periods of volatility in both the UK and wider 
European markets throughout 2021 and beyond. The UK’s exit from the EU is 
expected to result in additional trade costs and disruptions in this trading 
relationship. While the UK/EU Trade Agreement provides for the free trade of 
goods, it provides only general commitments on market access in services 
together with a “most favoured nation” provision which is subject to many 
exceptions. Furthermore, there is the possibility that either party may impose 
tariffs on trade in the future in the event that regulatory standards between the EU 
and the UK diverge. The terms of the future relationship may cause continued 
uncertainty in the global financial markets, and adversely affect the performance 
of the Company.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 39 - 
70-40710909 
 
Volatility resulting from this uncertainty may mean that Series of Notes which hold 
debt securities of issuers in the UK and/or the EU could be adversely affected by 
market movements, potential decline in the value of Sterling and/or Euro, and any 
downgrading of UK sovereign credit rating. 
(e) 
Risk of application of EMIR 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council on OTC 
derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012 (as 
amended, "EMIR") establishes certain requirements for OTC derivatives contracts 
including mandatory clearing obligations, bilateral risk management requirements 
and reporting requirements. 
EMIR imposes different obligations on entities classified as "financial 
counterparties" ("FC"s) including entities referred to as "small financial 
counterparties" or "SFC"s), "non-financial counterparties exceeding a clearing 
threshold" ("NFC+"s) and "non-financial counterparties below a clearing 
threshold" ("NFC-"s). 
Due to the Issuer’s unregulated status and the CFTAs that the Issuer has entered 
or will enter into, the Issuer is likely to be classified as an NFC-. Accordingly, EMIR 
imposes only a limited amount of obligations on the Issuer when it enters into any 
CFTA or other derivatives transactions, including obligations to report these 
derivative contracts to trade repositories. 
If the Issuer were to be classified as an entity other than an NFC-, EMIR may 
require the Issuer to modify the economic terms of any CFTA or other derivative 
transaction into which it enters and there is a risk that this may materially increase 
the costs associated with such derivative transaction or replacement CFTA or 
other derivative transaction. This is a particular risk should any CFTA or other 
derivative transaction into which the Issuer enters become subject to (i) a 
requirement to exchange segregated collateral with the counterparty to such 
transaction, which forms a part of the risk-management requirements, or (ii) to 
mandatory clearing. In such circumstances, the Issuer might not be practically 
able to comply with such requirement and/or the Issuer and/or counterparty would 
be subject to additional financial and operational burdens. 
If the Issuer were to be classified as an entity other than an NFC-, the additional 
requirements of EMIR may in certain circumstances result in the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event and lead to early redemption of the Notes. 
(f) 
Risk of application of Dodd-Frank 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the 
"Dodd-Frank Act") establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a 
broad range of derivatives contracts. 
The Issuer has imposed certain restrictions on sales in order to fall outside of the 
scope of the Dodd-Frank Act. However, there is no assurance that any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement would not be treated as a covered swap under the Dodd-Frank 
Act nor is there assurance that the Issuer or the CFTA Counterparty would not be 
required to comply with additional regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act 
including by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
Were any Cash Flow Timing Agreement to be treated as a covered swap, the 
Issuer or the CFTA Counterparty might be subject to increased regulatory 
requirements. Such additional regulations and such registrations might result in 
increased reporting obligations and expenses. In addition, it might become illegal 
for the CFTA Counterparty to perform its obligations under the relevant Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 40 - 
70-40710909 
 
In such circumstance, the Issuer would be likely (at its discretion) to determine 
that a Regulatory Event had occurred which would lead to early redemption of the 
Notes. 
(g) 
Risk of change of law or interpretation 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
In particular, in light of the United Kingdom's exit from the EU, while relevant 
legislative measures implementing EU directives have been preserved, and EU 
regulations have been on-shored (with amendments) pursuant to the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and statutory instruments, it is possible that changes 
in law affecting the rights of Noteholders could take place in future.  
Accordingly, investors are exposed to the risk that their rights in respect of the 
Notes may be varied, which may result in an investment in the Notes becoming less 
advantageous. 
(h) 
Risk of change to tax law or interpretation 
If there is a change to tax law or its interpretation or tax practice, it may have an 
impact on the tax payable by the Issuer and/or it may have an impact on the tax 
payable by an investor on payments received from the Issuer pursuant to the 
Notes. Either of these may result in an investment in the Notes becoming less 
advantageous. Depending on the type of change, it could also give rise to a Tax 
Event or a Change in Law/Regulation Event and consequently lead to an early 
termination of the affected Series, and/or reduce the amounts available for 
payment to Noteholders.  
(i) 
Risk of change to accounting standards or interpretation 
If there is a change to accounting standards or their interpretation (e.g. IFRS or 
GAAP), it may have an impact on the accounting treatment that an investor 
applies to the Notes which may result in an investment in the Notes becoming less 
advantageous. 
Accordingly, investors are exposed to the risk that the tax or accounting treatment 
of their Notes may change, which may result in an investment in the Notes 
becoming less advantageous. 
8. 
Risks related to legal framework of the Notes 
(a) 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-
proof; consequences of insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote and will include in its contracts 
with other parties that they may not make any application for the commencement 
of winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings under the Applicable Laws of 
any jurisdiction against the Issuer. In addition, there are restrictions on the 
Noteholders and Transaction Parties bringing insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer (see "Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks" above). 
If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become 
insolvent. 
However, there is no guarantee that all claims that arise against the Issuer will be 
on a non-petition basis, in particular where claims arise from third parties that have 
no direct contractual relationship with the Issuer or if the Issuer fails for any reason 
to comply with its contractual obligations (including the obligation only to contract 
on a "non-petition" basis). A creditor that has not accepted non-petition provisions

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 41 - 
70-40710909 
 
in respect of the Issuer may be entitled to make an application for the 
commencement 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer. 
The 
commencement of such proceedings may entitle such a creditor to terminate 
contracts with the Issuer and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of 
such early termination. 
Additionally, should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be 
unenforceable in a particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is 
declared insolvent according to the law of any country having jurisdiction over it 
or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the validity 
of the claims of Noteholders and may prevent Noteholders from enforcing their 
rights or delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction 
concerned and the nature of the assets and security, the Transaction Security 
created in favour of the Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind certain other 
creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another 
person free of such Transaction Security. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions (including Ireland) have procedures designed to 
facilitate the survival of companies in financial difficulties. In such jurisdictions, the 
rights of the Trustee to enforce the Transaction Security may be limited or delayed 
by such procedures. 
(b) 
Preferred creditors under Irish law 
The Issuer is an Irish incorporated company. Under Irish law, when applying the 
proceeds that may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership 
of assets subject to a fixed security interest (such as that created by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Security Deed), the claims of a limited category of preferential 
creditors will take priority over the claims of the creditors holding the security in 
such assets. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and 
expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which may include 
any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the 
duration of his appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts (see 
"Examinership under Irish law" below). 
The holder of a fixed security interest over the book debts of an Irish tax resident 
company may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in 
writing, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder thereafter 
receives in payments of debt due to it by the company. Where the holder of the 
security interest has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the 
creation of the security interest within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability 
is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company 
(including liabilities of Irish value added tax) arising after the issuance of a notice 
by the Irish Revenue Commissioners to the holders of a fixed security interest. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax 
resident company by another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the 
company in respect of outstanding Irish taxes.  The Irish courts have not yet 
determined the scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners and the 
right may override the rights of holders of security over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are 
subject to security, a person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for 
Irish tax on any capital gains made by the company on a disposition of those 
assets on exercise of the security interest. 
(c) 
Examinership under Irish law 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 
to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 42 - 
70-40710909 
 
An examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and 
arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain 
circumstances, can avoid any negative pledge given by the company prior to his 
appointment. Furthermore, such examiner may sell the assets which are the 
subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power is exercised the examiner must 
account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge 
the amount due to them out of the proceeds of sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a 
compromise or scheme of arrangement to assist the survival of the company as 
a going concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High 
Court when at least one class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals 
and the Irish High Court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable in 
relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals 
and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of 
arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured 
creditors would form separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the 
Trustee represented the majority in number and value of claims within the secured 
creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions agreed to by the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed), the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal 
not in favour of the Noteholders. The Trustee would also be in a position to argue 
at any Irish High Court hearing at which any proposed scheme of arrangement is 
considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the 
Noteholders, especially if such proposals included a writing down of the value of 
amounts due by the Issuer to the Noteholders. The primary risks to the 
Noteholders if an examiner were appointed to the Issuer are as follows: 
(a) 
during the period of protection, no action may be taken by Noteholders to 
enforce their rights to payment of amounts due by the Issuer or to enforce 
or realise any security granted by the Issuer and accordingly such 
payments could be deferred; 
(b) 
the potential for a scheme of arrangement to be approved involving the 
writing down of the debt due by the Issuer to Noteholders as secured by 
the Security Deed; 
(c) 
the potential for the examiner to set aside any negative pledge in the Trust 
Deed prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by 
the Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the 
protection period; and 
(d) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer 
subsequently goes into liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and 
expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on 
behalf of the Issuer and approved by the Irish High Court) will take priority 
over the moneys and liabilities which from time to time are or may become 
due, owing or payable by the Issuer to the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Taxation and no gross up 
The Issuer will not be obliged to gross up, or pay any additional amounts in respect 
of, any payments in respect of the Notes in respect of which any withholding or 
deduction has been required to be made in respect of any tax. Noteholders will 
not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or 
deduction. Accordingly, investors may receive a lower return than would be 
received on an investment where no withholding tax is payable or where the 
relevant issuer has an automatic obligation to gross up any payments. No Event 
of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 43 - 
70-40710909 
 
The tax treatment of the Notes, including but not limited to the question of whether 
the Notes should be treated as debt securities or units in a collective investment 
scheme for tax purposes, is fundamentally unclear in some jurisdictions. 
Prospective investors’ attention is therefore drawn to the section titled "Taxation" 
of this Base Prospectus and the other tax disclosures in this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should also read the information set out under the heading "FATCA and 
other cross-border reporting systems", particularly in relation to the consequences 
of the Issuer being unable to comply with the terms of such reporting systems. 
(e) 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a 
minimum denomination plus one or more integral multiples of a smaller amount in 
excess of the minimum denomination (together the “Specified Denomination”), 
it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum 
denomination but which are not integrals of the minimum denomination. In such a 
case, a holder who, as a result of trading amounts which are not integral multiples 
of the minimum denomination, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
denomination or which does not amount to a Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase an amount of Notes of such Series such that its holding 
amounts to at least the minimum denomination and also a Specified 
Denomination. Holdings which are not in a Specified Denomination will be 
rounded downwards in all instances. 
If definitive Notes are issued, investors should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the incremental Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
9. 
Risks in relation to Notes in global form held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream 
(a) 
Notes in global form are or will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Note except in certain limited 
circumstances described in the Global Note and will be cleared and settled in the 
international central securities depository ("ICSD") settlement system. The Global 
Note will be registered in the name of the Common Depositary’s Nominee as 
nominee for, and deposited with, the common depositary for the ICSDs, Euroclear 
and Clearstream.  Individual Note Certificates evidencing holdings of Notes will 
only be available in very limited circumstances. Each ICSD will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Note.  While the Notes are represented by 
the Global Note, investors will be able to clear and settle their beneficial interests 
through an ICSD (only). 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making 
payments to, or to the order of, the Common Depositary for the ICSDs (for 
example to the Paying Agent as directed by the Common Depositary) for 
distribution to their account holders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in the Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the ICSDs to receive payments under the 
Notes. Such ICSDs will pass on payments received from the Issuer to account 
holders that hold beneficial interests in the Notes in their accounts.  Where a 
beneficial owner is not an account holder in an ICSD, it will have to rely on its 
nominee, custodian, broker or central securities depository (as appropriate) which 
is an account holder in an ICSD to pass on such payments.  The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Note.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 44 - 
70-40710909 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Note will not have a direct right to vote 
in respect of the Notes.  Instead, such holders which are account holders in an 
ICSD will rely on the relevant ICSD to receive notices and other communication 
from the Issuer and will be permitted to provide voting instructions only to the 
extent that they are enabled by the relevant ICSD to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Where a beneficial owner is not an account holder in an ICSD, it will have to rely 
on its nominee, custodian, broker or central securities depository (as appropriate) 
which is an account holder in an ICSD to pass on such notices and other 
communication from the Issuer and to enable it to provide voting instructions via 
the appointment of appropriate proxies. 
10. 
Risks in relation to market and other external events 
(a) 
Market events may lead to volatility and loss 
Global financial crises have in the past caused significant declines in the value 
and liquidity of many securities and volatility in the markets. Periods of market 
volatility may continue to occur in the future in response to various political, social 
and economic events. These conditions have previously resulted in greater price 
volatility, less liquidity, widening credit spreads and a lack of price transparency, 
with many securities remaining illiquid and of uncertain value.  
Risks resulting from any future debt or other economic crisis could also have a 
detrimental impact on the global economic recovery and the financial condition of 
financial institutions. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in 
the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy 
rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among 
other factors.  
Such events and market conditions could increase volatility and the risk of default 
by issuers of Underlying Debt Securities and thereby also increase the risk of loss 
to holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Impact of natural or man-made disasters 
The performance of Underlying Debt Securities, and in turn the Notes, may be 
negatively affected by natural disasters, catastrophic natural events and/or man-
made disasters. These events may have a significant negative impact on essential 
communications and services and local or international infrastructure (including 
supply chains), as well as overall consumer confidence, which in turn may 
materially and adversely affect the performance of the Underlying Debt Securities, 
whether or not such Underlying Debt Securities or the issuers of the same are 
directly involved in or located in a jurisdiction directly affected by any such event.    
Outbreaks of infectious diseases may also have a negative impact on the 
performance of Underlying Debt Securities. For example, an outbreak of 
respiratory disease caused by a novel coronavirus was first detected in December 
2019 and then spread globally. This coronavirus has resulted in borders closing, 
restrictions on the movement of people, quarantines, cancellations of 
transportation and other services, disruptions to supply chains, businesses and 
customer activity, as well as general concern and uncertainty. It is possible that 
there may be similar outbreaks of other infectious diseases in the future. The 
impact of this coronavirus, and other epidemics and pandemics that may arise in 
the future, could affect the economies of many nations, individual companies and 
the market in general in ways that cannot necessarily be foreseen at the present 
time. In addition, the impact of infectious diseases in developing or emerging 
market countries may be greater due to less established health care systems. 
Health crises caused by the recent coronavirus outbreak may exacerbate other 
pre-existing political, social and economic risks in certain countries. The impact of 
the outbreak may be short term or may last for an extended period of time.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 45 - 
70-40710909 
 
Such events and market conditions could increase volatility and the risk of default 
by issuers of Underlying Debt Securities and thereby also increase the risk of loss 
to holders of Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 46 - 
70-40710909 
 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest 
in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including 
the documents incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in the section below titled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Transaction Parties 
The Issuer: 
Diversified Notes plc, a company incorporated and 
registered in Ireland with registration number 651932. 
Arranger and Collateral 
Manager: 
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited, a company incorporated 
and registered in England and Wales with number 00796793 
and regulated by the FCA. 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement 
(CFTA) Counterparties: 
Citigroup and/or BNP Paribas may act as CFTA 
Counterparty if so appointed in relation to a Series of Notes. 
 
One or more CFTA Counterparties will be appointed in 
relation to a Series of Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, appoint additional CFTA 
Counterparties or remove CFTA Counterparties in respect 
of the relevant Series of Notes. The Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to ensure that there are at least two 
CFTA Counterparties for each Series. 
Authorised Participants: 
The Authorised Participant(s) of a Series of Notes will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating to each Series or 
otherwise specified in relation to the relevant Series of Notes 
on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such other website as may 
be notified to Noteholders). The Issuer may, from time to 
time, appoint additional Authorised Participants or remove 
Authorised Participants in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes. The Issuer will use reasonable endeavours to ensure 
that there are at least two Authorised Participants for each 
Series. 
Administrator and Transfer 
Agent 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, a company with a 
principal office located at 1 Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 
02111, USA. 
Registrar  
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, a company 
incorporated in Ireland under registered number 186184 
with a principal office located at 78 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay Dublin 2. 
Custodian: 
State Street Custodial Services (Ireland) Limited, a 
company incorporated in Ireland under registered number 
174330 with a principal office located at 78 Sir John 
Rogerson’s Quay Dublin 2. 
Trustee: 
State Street Bank and Trust Company, a company with a 
principal office located at 1 Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 
02111, USA.

--- Page 48 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 47 - 
70-40710909 
 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London branch, having its registered office at 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB. 
Features of the Notes 
Method of Issue: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each, a 
"Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each 
Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms"). Each Note of such Tranche will, on issue, be 
immediately fungible with all Notes of other Tranches of the 
same Series. 
Subscription: 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer 
issues additional Tranches of Notes by delivering a valid 
Subscription Request in accordance with the terms of the 
Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement. Once submitted, a Subscription 
Request is irrevocable, unless otherwise determined by the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf). 
 
An Authorised Participant may make a request to settle a 
Subscription Request by delivery of 
Eligible 
Debt 
Instruments (on a delivery versus payment basis) and/or in 
cash. The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) 
may in its absolute discretion determine whether to accept 
such request or require subscriptions to be settled by 
delivery of Eligible Debt Instruments (on a delivery versus 
payment basis) and/or in cash. The Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) has the absolute discretion to accept, 
reject or cancel in whole or in part any Subscription Request. 
 
Investors which are not Authorised Participants may only 
purchase Notes on the secondary market from an 
Authorised Participant or another investor. 
Subscription Settlement 
Amount: 
An amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be 
purchased multiplied by the Per Note Entitlement for the 
relevant Series as at the Subscription Trade Date, plus 
associated Duties and Charges (which Duties and Charges 
may be varied to reflect the cost of execution). 
Status and Limited 
Recourse: 
The Notes constitute secured, limited recourse obligations 
of the Issuer. 
 
The purpose of the limited recourse provisions is to ensure, 
in respect of a Series of Notes, that the recourse of the 
Noteholders and the Transaction Parties against the Issuer 
is limited to the Mortgaged Property in respect of that Series 
only and that they shall not have recourse to any other 
assets of the Issuer, including assets attributable to another 
Series. The inclusion of such provisions ensures that assets 
attributable to one Series are not available to meet the 
liabilities attributable to another Series. 
Form and Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in registered form in the 
denominations agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger 
for each Series (provided that such denomination shall be

--- Page 49 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 48 - 
70-40710909 
 
not less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in an alternate 
currency)). 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Final Terms may specify any maturity in 
relation to a Series of Notes. 
Fixed Rate Interest: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Maturity 
Amount. 
Early Redemption: 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer will give 
notice of such Early Redemption Event (an "Early 
Redemption Notice") to the Noteholders, the Trustee and 
the Administrator. Such Early Redemption Notice shall 
specify the nature of the Early Redemption Event. 
 
Following the giving of an Early Redemption Notice, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount 
on the date specified for redemption in the Early Redemption 
Notice (the "Early Redemption Date"). 
Issuer Call Option: 
Where the Notes of a Series are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being subject to an Issuer Call, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 5 Business Days’ irrevocable 
notice (such notice a "Issuer Call Notice") to the 
Administrator and the Trustee and (if so required by such 
competent authority or stock exchange) the competent 
authority or stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, if 
any, redeem all (but not some) of the Notes on the Business 
Day specified in the Issuer Call Notice (the "Issuer Call 
Date") where such date falls no more than 45 calendar days 
prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Issuer Call 
Amount. 
Repurchase Prior to the 
Maturity Date at the Option of 
an Authorised Participant 
Only an Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant 
Series may request that the Issuer repurchases Notes of 
such Series held by it by delivery of a valid Repurchase 
Request in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes and 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
 
Notes that are repurchased by the Issuer from an Authorised 
Participant shall be purchased at a price equal to the 
Repurchase Settlement Amount on the Relevant Settlement 
Date. 
 
An Authorised Participant may express a preference in its 
Repurchase Request to receive the Repurchase Settlement 
Amount in the form of Underlying Debt Securities (on a 
delivery versus payment basis) or in cash. Regardless of 
any preference expressed by the Authorised Participant, the 
Issuer shall have the right to determine in its absolute 
discretion whether to pay the Repurchase Settlement 
Amount in the form of Underlying Debt Securities (on a

--- Page 50 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 49 - 
70-40710909 
 
delivery versus payment basis) or in cash or in a 
combination of both. 
 
Investors which are not Authorised Participants can only 
realise value from Notes prior to their Maturity Date or prior 
to any early termination of a Series by selling such Notes on 
the secondary market to an Authorised Participant or to 
other investors at a price agreed with such parties. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Please see the section titled "Use of Proceeds". 
Rating: 
Notes of each Series issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Notes of each Series are not expected to be rated, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Operational Fee: 
An Operational Fee is payable by the Issuer to the Collateral 
Manager in respect of each Series under the Collateral 
Management Agreement. The Collateral Manager will 
discharge all operational expenses of each Series out of the 
Operational Fee, including the fees and expenses of the 
Administrator, Custodian, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Paying 
Agent, Company Secretary and directors of the Issuer.  
Such operational expenses include audit fees and the 
ongoing fee payable to the CFTA Counterparties under the 
CFTAs, but exclude any fees or expenses that may be 
payable as Duties and Charges by Authorised Participants, 
other fees payable to the CFTA Counterparties (including 
costs (if any) of moving CFTA arrangements from one CFTA 
Counterparty to another), transaction costs and taxes, (if 
relevant) indemnities payable to counterparties in certain 
circumstances and (if relevant) any extraordinary legal 
expenses (for example costs of class actions and other 
litigation if they arise).  
The Operational Fee is accrued daily by applying the pro-
rated Operational Fee Rate to the then current Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Series of Notes. 
The Operational Fee Rate in respect of each Series is set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Operational Fee Rate 
and any proposed change to the Operational Fee Rate can 
also be found on the website maintained on behalf of the 
Issuer at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE. 
Other Fees and Expenses 
Payable by the Issuer: 
Apart from the Operational Fee, the Issuer will also be 
responsible for paying, in respect of each Series, the 
following fees and expenses (to the extent such fees and 
expenses are not related to Subscription Requests or 
Repurchase Requests and are therefore not payable as 
Duties and Charges by Authorised Participants): transaction 
costs and taxes, fees payable to the CFTA Counterparties  
that are not payable out of the Operational Fee or as Duties 
and Charges (including costs (if any) of moving CFTA 
arrangements from one CFTA Counterparty to another), (if 
relevant) indemnities payable to counterparties in certain 
circumstances and (if relevant) any extraordinary legal 
expenses relating to the Series (for example costs of class 
actions and other litigation if they arise). On a termination of 
a Series at maturity or prior to maturity, the realisation

--- Page 51 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 50 - 
70-40710909 
 
proceeds in respect of such Series will be applied in 
accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of withholding or deduction for 
or on account of taxes imposed by the Republic of Ireland, 
unless required by law. In the event that any such 
withholding or deduction is made, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay additional amounts in respect of interest. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Trust Deed will be governed by English 
law. 
Listing and Trading: 
An application is intended to be made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
its regulated market. The Notes are however expected to 
trade OTC rather than on Euronext Dublin. 
Application may also be made for a Series of Notes to be 
admitted for listing on the official list of, and to be admitted 
to trading on, the regulated market of any other stock 
exchange. 
Clearing Systems: 
The Notes will be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and any other relevant International Central 
Securities Depository that may be added from time to time. 
Selling Restrictions: 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned or at any time 
by, or acquired by or transferred to, any person who is not a 
Qualified Holder. 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor (i.e. any 
investor which is not a "qualified investor" under the 
Prospectus Regulation) in the European Economic Area. 
 
See "Important Information" and "Subscription and Sale" for 
additional selling restrictions. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks.  Please see the section 
titled "Risk Factors". 
Assets backing the Notes 
 
Underlying Assets: 
Payments due in respect of the Notes of a Series will be met 
out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the following underlying assets: 
 
(a) 
the Series Holdings for such Series; plus 
 
(b) 
the Cash Flow Timing Agreements for such Series. 
Series Holdings: 
The Series Holdings for each Series comprise: 
 
(a) 
Underlying Debt, and 
 
(b) 
any cash or cash equivalents (other than cash or 
cash equivalents comprising CFTA Collateral and 
cash held in the Profit Account) held by the Issuer

--- Page 52 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 51 - 
70-40710909 
 
(or any person on its behalf) in respect of such 
Series. 
Underlying Debt: 
To enable the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) will at its discretion invest in underlying debt 
securities ("Underlying Debt Securities") in the manner 
and within the parameters set out in the Collateral Criteria 
applicable to such Series. 
 
Each Series will operate a buy and hold strategy for its 
Underlying Debt Securities with the aim of meeting its 
payment obligations for the Notes and with the intention that 
the projected aggregate interest and principal payments of 
the Series Holdings from time to time at least equal the 
projected aggregate interest and principal amounts due on 
the Notes from time to time (the "Collateral Intention"). 
 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Intention will be 
met at any particular time or at all. 
 
In respect of any Series, if, at any time prior to the relevant 
Maturity Date or any early termination of a Series: 
 
1. 
any of the Underlying Debt Securities ceases to 
fall within the parameters of the Debt Securities 
Initial Inclusion Criteria of the Debt Securities 
Inclusion Criteria (as set out in the section titled 
“Collateral Criteria”); or 
 
2. 
the net aggregate value of the Underlying Debt 
Securities that have ceased to meet the 
Specified Credit Rating or Specified Credit 
Range (as applicable), as a percentage of the 
Series 
Entitlement, 
exceeds 
the 
Rating 
Threshold Percentage; or 
 
3. 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) 
determines 
that 
circumstances 
(including, without any limitation, any default or 
corporate action) in relation to an Underlying 
Debt Security which did not exist on the date 
that the relevant Underlying Debt Security was 
first included in the Underlying Debt have arisen 
or are reasonably likely to arise, and are likely 
to have an adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer to meet the Collateral Intention (whether 
or not such circumstance would result in the 
Collateral Intention not being met), 
 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may at 
its discretion sell and/or substitute such affected and other 
Underlying Debt Securities of such Series for alternate 
securities, provided that any such replacement security is 
within the parameters of the Debt Securities Inclusion 
Criteria.  
At any time that the Series Holdings include any cash 
component, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf

--- Page 53 ---
Overview 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 52 - 
70-40710909 
 
of the Issuer) may invest such cash in additional securities 
which comply with the Debt Securities Inclusion Criteria. 
Collateral Criteria (including 
the Debt Securities Inclusion 
Criteria): 
Please see the section titled "Collateral Criteria". 
Cash Flow Timing 
Agreements: 
The main purpose of the Cash Flow Timing Agreements is 
to align the cashflows received from the Underlying Debt 
with the timing of the scheduled payments of Interest 
Amounts and other payment obligations of the Issuer for 
each Series.  The Cash Flow Timing Agreements are 
designed to ensure that, following the receipt of payments 
under the Cash Flow Timing Agreements and in the absence 
of material defaults of the Underlying Debt Securities, the 
Issuer will have sufficient funds, when taken together with 
cash comprised in the Series Holdings relating to the 
relevant Series, as are necessary for it to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and the related Transaction 
Documents. 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to 
the Collateral Criteria, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) may, at any time and in its sole discretion, 
amend, terminate or vary any provision of any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement. 
 
Please see the section titled "Description of Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement" for further details. 
Cash Management: 
In addition to any Underlying Debt Securities, the Collateral 
Manager may invest cash held in the Series Holdings from 
time to time in cash equivalents, including liquidity 
instruments and cash funds, for cash management 
purposes. The cash funds may include money market and 
other cash funds managed by the Collateral Manager or its 
affiliates.

--- Page 54 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 53 - 
70-40710909 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, one or more supplements may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus (and any supplement hereto) will be available, in electronic format, on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited report and accounts of the Issuer for the period from incorporation to 30 June 2020 
are incorporated in this document by reference and are available at the Issuer’s website at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE and at the Issuer’s registered office for inspection during normal 
business hours. 
No documents referred to in the audited report and accounts of the Issuer for the period from 
incorporation to 30 June 2020 are themselves incorporated into this Base Prospectus and no other 
documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages referred to in this Base Prospectus, 
form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 54 - 
70-40710909 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes of each Tranche (the 
"Conditions"), subject to completion by the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche. References 
in these terms and conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of the relevant Series only. 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure 
only and does not form part of the Conditions of the Notes. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Diversified Notes plc (the "Issuer") has established a secured notes programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of secured, limited recourse notes (the "Notes"). 
1.2 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each, a "Tranche") of Notes issued on different issue dates. Each 
Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). Each Note of such 
Tranche will, on issue, be immediately fungible with all other Notes of the same Series. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as supplemented and/or completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
1.3 
The Notes will be constituted by, subject to and have the benefit of the terms of the Trust 
Deed. 
1.4 
In connection with the Notes, the Issuer has entered into each of the following agreements: 
(a) 
the Trust Deed, under which, amongst other things, the Trustee is appointed by 
the Issuer as trustee in respect of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Paying Agency and Account Bank Agreement, pursuant to which the Paying 
Agent is appointed by the Issuer as paying agent in respect of the Notes and the 
Account Bank is appointed as account bank to the Issuer in relation to the Notes, 
(c) 
a Master Services Agreement pursuant to which: 
(i) 
the Administrator and Transfer Agent is appointed by the Issuer as 
administrator and transfer agent in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Registrar is appointed by the Issuer, via the Administrator, as registrar 
in respect of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Custodian is appointed by the Issuer as custodian and commits to hold 
(and release) the Secured Assets for each Series of Notes in the custody 
accounts opened in relation to such Series (each a "Series Custody 
Account"; 
(d) 
a Collateral Management Agreement, under which, amongst other things, (i) 
certain proposals may be made, and advice provided, to the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme and the Notes by the Collateral Manager and (ii) the 
Collateral Manager is appointed by the Issuer to manage the Series Holdings and 
any Cash Flow Timing Agreement; and 
(e) 
the Authorised Participant Agreements under which, amongst other things, the 
Authorised Participants are appointed by the Issuer as authorised participants in 
respect of the Programme or a Series under the Programme. 
1.5 
Upon the issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes, the Issuer will enter 
into the following agreements: 
(a) 
a Security Deed relating to that Series of Notes, under which, amongst other 
things, the Issuer grants certain Security Interests over the Series Custody

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 55 - 
70-40710909 
 
Account in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of the 
Secured Creditors in respect of that Series; 
(b) 
one or more Cash Flow Timing Agreements each with a CFTA Counterparty, in 
each case relating to the relevant Series. 
1.6 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Documents, the Paying 
Agency and Account Bank Agreement, the Authorised Participant Agreements, the 
Master Services Agreement and/or the Collateral Management Agreement. The 
Noteholders (and all persons claiming through or under them) are bound by the terms of 
the Trust Documents and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust 
Documents. 
1.7 
Copies of the Trust Documents are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the specified office for the time being of the Trustee, the Registrar and 
the Issuer. The addresses of the Trustee, the Registrar and the Issuer  are set out in the 
section titled "Directory" at the end of the Base Prospectus. 
1.8 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are, unless otherwise stated, to 
the Tranche of Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and subsequent 
references in these Conditions to "Noteholders" or "holders of the Notes" are, unless 
otherwise stated, to the "Noteholders" or the "holders of the Notes" which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing and copies may be obtained from, in each case during normal business hours, 
the registered office for the time being of the Issuer and the Collateral Manager. 
2. 
DENOMINATION AND CURRENCY 
The Notes are denominated in the Series Currency. The Specified Denomination 
(including the minimum denomination) for the Notes of each Series will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
FORM, REGISTER, TITLE AND TRANSFERS 
Investors in Notes held in Global Form should refer also to the section of the Prospectus 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes in Global Form". 
3.1 
Form: The Notes shall be issued in registered form. 
3.2 
Register: The Registrar will maintain a register (the "Register") in respect of the Notes 
in accordance with the provisions of the Master Services Agreement.  In these Conditions, 
the "Holder" of a Note means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding if joint holders appear in the 
Register, the first named thereof), except that (unless the context otherwise requires), for 
so long as the Notes of any Series are cleared through an ICSD, each investor who has 
for the time being a particular principal amount of such Notes credited to the investor’s 
securities account in the records of the relevant ICSD shall also be deemed to be a 
Noteholder in respect of the principal amount of such Notes for all purposes in these 
Conditions other than for the purpose of (a) payments in respect of the Notes, the right to 
which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, solely in the registered holder of such Notes 
whose name is registered in the Register, as applicable, in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of these Conditions, and (b) any right to attend, vote at and/or convene 
meetings of Noteholders, and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly.   
3.3 
Certificate: A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") may be issued to each Noteholder 
in respect of its registered holding.  While the Notes are cleared through an ICSD, the 
Notes will be evidenced by a certificate in the form of an up to global note ("Global Note"). 
The Global Note may be exchanged in whole (but not in part) for one or more individual 
note certificates (each an "Individual Note Certificate") if the Issuer notifies Noteholders 
as such in the event that (i) the ICSDs are closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise), or (ii) the 
ICSDs announce an intention to permanently cease business or do in fact do so.

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 56 - 
70-40710909 
 
3.4 
Title: Without prejudice to the following paragraph, the Holder of each Note whose name 
is registered in the Register shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the 
absolute owner of such Note for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft of such Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such Holder. 
3.5 
Transfers: Legal title to Notes will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Register. 
All transfers of legal title to a Note in the open market or otherwise must be effected upon 
surrender of the relevant Note, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the 
specified office of the Registrar, together with such evidence as the Registrar may 
reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals 
who have executed the form of transfer. 
3.6 
All transfers of Notes in definitive form (if any) will be subject to detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of such Notes.  A copy of the applicable regulations will be made 
available (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder holding a Note in definitive 
form who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
CONSTITUTION, STATUS AND RANKING OF THE NOTES 
4.1 
Constitution and status 
The Notes are constituted by the Trust Deed. The Notes constitute secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer that, within each Series, rank and will rank pari passu 
among themselves. The Notes are secured in the manner described in Condition 5 
(Transaction Security and Priority of Payment) and recourse in respect of the Notes is 
limited in the manner described in Condition 14 (Trustee Enforcement Right) and 
Condition 15 (Limited Recourse and Non-petition). 
4.2 
Ranking 
The Notes within each Series will at all times rank without preference or priority pari passu 
amongst themselves. 
5. 
TRANSACTION SECURITY AND PRIORITY OF PAYMENT 
5.1 
Security: The Secured Payment Obligations in respect of each Series are secured in 
favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other Secured Creditors, by: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights, title and interest under 
each of the Transaction Documents (in each case to the extent that they relate to 
the Notes, Secured Assets and issuer cash accounts (including the relevant 
Series Custody Account(s)), and in the case of the Cash Flow Timing Agreements, 
without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting provisions 
contained therein); 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over the Secured Assets and all property, income, sums and 
assets derived therefrom from time to time, in each case to the extent that they 
relate to the relevant Series; 
(c) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer's rights, title and interest 
attaching to or in respect of the Secured Assets and all property, income, sums or 
other assets derived therefrom, including, without limitation, any right to delivery 
thereof or to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof which arises in 
connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or through a 
financial intermediary, in each case to the extent that they relate to the relevant 
Series;  
(d) 
a first fixed charge over the issuer cash accounts (including the relevant Series 
Custody Account(s)) and all amounts standing to the credit thereof from time to

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 57 - 
70-40710909 
 
time (together with all interest accruing from time to time thereon and the debts 
represented thereby), in each case to the extent that they relate to the relevant 
Series; and 
(e) 
a first fixed charge over (a) all sums held now or in the future by the Custodian 
and/or Paying Agent to meet payment obligations of the Issuer owed under the 
Transaction Documents to the extent that they relate to the relevant Series, and 
(b) all amounts in respect of the Secured Assets held now or in the future by any 
entity on trust for the Issuer to the extent that they relate to the relevant Series. 
As further provided in the Trust Documents, the Transaction Security shall be released 
automatically, without the need for any notice or other formalities, to the extent required 
for the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) to trade, liquidate or substitute any 
Series Holdings and/or CFTA Collateral and/or any interest or distributions on any CFTA 
Collateral in accordance with the parameters applicable to such for the relevant Series 
and/or to duly make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes and/or under the 
related Cash Flow Timing Agreement(s) (including any redelivery of collateral) and/or 
under the other Transaction Documents which is due and payable or deliverable, or in 
connection with the repurchase and redemption of Notes or as otherwise provided for 
under the Conditions or the Transaction Documents in respect of the Notes. 
5.2 
Application of proceeds 
Following the delivery of an Enforcement Notice by the Trustee, or in connection with the 
redemption in full of a Series at or prior to its Maturity Date, all monies received by or on 
behalf of the Trustee or the Issuer, as the case may be, in connection with the Notes of 
the relevant Series shall be applied in the manner specified in the Trust Documents, which 
shall be, to the extent such amounts relate to the relevant Series: 
(a) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
properly incurred by and any indemnity payments owed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts created by the Trust 
Documents (including any amounts representing or otherwise in respect of VAT), 
the costs of realising any Transaction Security and the Trustee's remuneration, 
each in respect of the relevant Series; 
(b) 
secondly, pro rata and pari passu in payment of (A) any amounts payable by the 
Issuer, in relation to the relevant Series, to the Custodian, the Administrator, the 
Transfer Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Collateral Manager 
pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents, and (B) any fees and expenses 
payable by the Issuer to any tax or legal advisors, auditors or other service 
providers to the Issuer (apart from the CFTA Counterparties) in relation to the 
relevant Series; 
(c) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu in payment of any amounts owing to the CFTA 
Counterparties under the Cash Flow Timing Agreements for the relevant Series; 
(d) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu in payment of (A) any Final Maturity Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount, Issuer Call Amount or 
Repurchase Settlement Amount (as applicable) then due and payable and/or (B) 
any interest that became due and payable on or prior to the Maturity Date and that 
remains due and payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued 
thereon to the Holders of Notes of the relevant Series; and 
(e) 
fifthly, in payment of any remaining balance to the Issuer. 
5.3 
Enforceability: The Transaction Security constituted by the Trust Documents will become 
enforceable upon the delivery by the Trustee of an Enforcement Notice in accordance 
with, and subject to the matters referred to, in Condition 14 (Trustee Enforcement Right).

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 58 - 
70-40710909 
 
6. 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
Where any Operational Fee is payable pursuant to the terms of the Collateral 
Management Agreement, the Administrator shall arrange for the transfer of an amount 
equal to the relevant accrued fee amount from a cash account of the Issuer to the 
Collateral Manager or as otherwise directed by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of 
the Collateral Management Agreement. 
Where any other fees and expenses (including without limitation trading costs and, if 
relevant, indemnity payments and extraordinary legal expenses) are payable by the 
Issuer, the Administrator shall arrange for payment of such fees and expenses out of the 
Issuer Cash Account or as otherwise directed by the Issuer. 
Any fees and expenses attributable to a Series will be paid out of the cash held by the 
Issuer for such Series. 
7. 
COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other Condition or Transaction Document, 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall be entitled at any time, without 
notice to and/or consent from the Noteholders or the Trustee or any other Transaction 
Party to substitute, realise, dispose of or acquire additional Series Holdings within the 
parameters of the Collateral Criteria and/or enter into, amend or terminate any Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement in any manner which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) considers in its sole discretion to be reasonable. 
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall exercise its discretion in the 
selection and management of Series Holdings with the intention that the projected 
aggregate interest and principal payments of the Series Holdings from time to time at least 
equal the projected aggregate interest and principal amounts due on the Notes from time 
to time (the "Collateral Intention"). There is no guarantee that the Collateral Intention will 
be achieved at any particular time or at all. 
8. 
CALCULATIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS 
8.1 
Calculation of Per Note Entitlement 
Save where a Suspension Period is continuing, the Administrator shall calculate the Per 
Note Entitlement for the Series for each Business Day and such Per Note Entitlement 
shall be available for viewing, as soon as reasonably practicable, on the Euronext Dublin 
website (https://live.euronext.com/), www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE or at such other 
location as is notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
8.2 
Notification of a Suspension Period 
To the extent that a Suspension Period is continuing and the circumstances giving rise to 
such Suspension Period have not otherwise been notified by way of an Early Redemption 
Notice, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall, no later than the Business 
Day following the Business Day on which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) becomes aware of such circumstances, notify the Administrator and the Trustee 
of such circumstances. 
9. 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
The Issuer Covenants contain certain covenants in favour of the Trustee from the Issuer 
which, amongst other things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to create or incur any 
indebtedness (save as permitted in the Trust Deed including issuing further Notes), 
dispose of assets, deal with the Mortgaged Property or change the nature of its business. 
So long as any Notes of any Series remain outstanding, the Issuer shall comply with the 
Issuer Covenants.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 59 - 
70-40710909 
 
10. 
INTEREST 
10.1 
Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Note shall bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. Subject to sub-paragraph 10.2 below, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Interest Period will be payable in arrear 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date except that, if the Interest Payment Date is not a 
Payment Day, the payment will be postponed to the next Payment Day following the 
Interest Payment Date. 
10.2 
Calculation of Interest 
The "Interest Amount" payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Interest Period 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
such figure by the applicable Day Count Fraction (if specified) and rounding the resultant 
figure down to the nearest six (6) decimal places (or such other rounding methodology as 
may be used by the Relevant Clearing System from time to time).  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) of interest payable in 
relation to the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination and such Interest Amount shall be 
rounded down to the nearest cent (or its equivalent sub-unit in the Series Currency). 
10.3 
Cessation of accrual of interest 
Each Note will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption or 
repurchase. 
10.4 
Determination and Publication of Interest Amounts, Final Maturity Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Default Redemption Amounts, Issuer Call Amounts and 
Repurchase Settlement Amounts 
The Administrator shall calculate any Interest Amount, Final Maturity Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount, Issuer Call Amount, Repurchase 
Settlement Amount and/or any other amounts payable to Noteholders and Authorised 
Participants. The Administrator shall notify such amounts to the Trustee, the Issuer and 
the Collateral Manager no later than the dates agreed from time to time between the 
Administrator and the Issuer. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange or other relevant authority so require, the Administrator shall also notify 
such amounts to such exchange or other relevant authority within the time periods 
required by such exchange or other relevant authority.  
The Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest (where relevant) for each Series will be 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. Any changes to the Interest Payment Dates and 
Rate of Interest for each Series (where relevant) will be published in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). The Interest Payment Dates and Rates of Interest that have been 
previously published or notified may subsequently be amended and/or republished or re-
notified, without having to give the same prior notice, in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period or to correct an error (or other appropriate alternative 
arrangements may be made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment). If the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such amendment will also be notified to such exchange or other 
relevant authority. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), the accrued interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires.

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 60 - 
70-40710909 
 
10.5 
Determination or Calculation by Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) 
If the Administrator does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Maturity Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount, 
Issuer Call Amount or Repurchase Settlement Amount or any other amount due to be 
calculated by the Administrator, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may 
(but shall not be obliged to) perform the calculation or appoint a third party to do so, and 
shall be entitled to do so in reliance on its professional advisors. Such determination or 
calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Administrator. In doing so, the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) or the relevant third party shall apply the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary consequential amendments, to 
the extent that (in its opinion) it can do so, and, in all other respects it shall do so in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. Any such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Administrator. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
11.1 
Method of payment 
11.1.1 Payments via Settlement Systems 
Where Notes are held in a clearing system and represented by a Global Note (or similar) 
in such system, the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes 
will be discharged by payment to the relevant securities depositories of the clearing 
system or as they may direct, for distribution by them to the entitled accountholders in the 
settlement system in accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures. 
While Notes are held in the ICSD settlement system and represented by a Global Note 
(or similar), the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be 
discharged by payment to the nominee (the registered legal title holder of the Notes) of 
the Common Depositary of the ICSDs, Euroclear and Clearstream, or as such nominee 
may direct, for distribution by such entity to the entitled accountholders in the ICSDs in 
accordance with their usual rules and operating procedures. 
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Administrator or the Registrar will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made 
on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
11.1.2 Other Methods of Payment 
In the event that the Notes are not held in a clearing system or the clearing system in 
which the Notes are held ceases to or does not facilitate payments, at the discretion of 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall make one or more of the following methods of payment 
available: 
(a) 
payments may be made by credit or transfer to an account of the same currency 
(or any other account to which the relevant currency may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee; or 
(b) 
payments may be made by cheque (if so requested by the payee). 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 16 
(Taxation). 
11.2 
Interest 
Payments of interest in respect of each Note will be made by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 11.1 (Method of payment) on the relevant due date to the Holder (or the 
first named of joint holders if joint holders appear in the Register) of the Note appearing 
in the Register on the relevant Record Date for the payment of the interest.

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 61 - 
70-40710909 
 
Holders of Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Note, including as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition 11 (Payments) arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the post or as a result of a delay in settlement of a Repurchase Request 
made by an Authorised Participant. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes. 
11.3 
Principal 
Payments of principal (i.e. payments other than payments of interest) in respect of each 
Note will be made by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11.1 (Method of payment) 
in exchange for receipt or cancellation of the Note. Such payments will be made to the 
Holder (or the first named of joint holders if joint holders appear in the Register) of the 
Note appearing in the Register on the relevant record date for the payment of principal. 
Payments of principal in respect of each Note (whether or not in global form) to the holder 
of legal title to the Note may (if agreed by the Issuer) be made against presentation and 
surrender of the Note at the specified office of the Registrar. 
11.4 
Payment Day 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
11.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
refer to, as applicable, the Final Maturity Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Default Redemption Amount or the Issuer Call Amount of the Notes and/or any other 
amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of 
the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include any arrears of interest (if applicable). 
11.6 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), and in each case as may be 
adjusted by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) from time to time, including 
to reflect changes in rounding conventions for the trading of the relevant Underlying Debt 
Securities or payments in Euro, USD or any other Series Currency, all cash amounts used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded as follows: 
(i) 
all amounts of cash to be paid to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 
cent (or its equivalent sub-unit in the Series Currency); and 
(ii) 
all amounts of cash to be paid by the Issuer shall be rounded down to the nearest 
cent (or its equivalent sub-unit in the Series Currency).

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 62 - 
70-40710909 
 
12. 
SUBSCRIPTIONS, REDEMPTIONS, CALLS AND SUSPENSIONS 
Investors should refer also to the section of the Prospectus titled "Procedure for Dealing 
on the Primary Market". 
Subscriptions 
12.1 
Subscriptions 
(a) 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional 
Tranches of Notes. Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement, such request shall be made by the Authorised 
Participant delivering a valid Subscription Request by the relevant cut-off time. 
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Request if valid and given by an 
Authorised Participant of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Once submitted, a Subscription Request is irrevocable, unless otherwise 
determined by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf). The Issuer (or 
the Collateral Manager on its behalf) has the absolute discretion to accept, reject 
or cancel in whole or in part any Subscription Request. 
(c) 
Authorised Participants subscribing for Notes are, pursuant to the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement, required to deliver: 
(i) 
an amount of Eligible Debt Instruments, together with a cash component; 
or 
(ii) 
an amount in cash, 
in each case with a value that is equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount on 
or prior to the Subscription Settlement Date. 
The Issuer may in its absolute discretion determine whether to accept or require 
subscriptions to be settled by delivery of Eligible Debt Instruments (on a delivery 
versus payment basis) and/or in cash. 
(d) 
The "Subscription Settlement Amount" shall be an amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes being subscribed multiplied by an amount equal to the 
Per Note Entitlement for the Series as at the Subscription Trade Date, plus 
associated Duties and Charges (which Duties and Charges may be varied to 
reflect the cost of execution). 
(e) 
The Issuer will only issue Notes to an Authorised Participant on the Subscription 
Settlement Date if all conditions precedent to an issue of the Notes are satisfied, 
which includes, without limitation the Authorised Participant having satisfied all of 
its settlement obligations by the Subscription Settlement Date as set out in 
Condition 12.1(c). 
(f) 
In accordance with Condition 12.1(a), the Issuer is not obliged to accept any 
Subscription Request, and it (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may at its 
absolute discretion reject or cancel any Subscription Request, including without 
limitation if the Subscription Trade Date or Subscription Settlement Date would 
fall: 
(i) 
within a Suspension Period; or 
(ii) 
on or after the date of service of an Early Redemption Notice, an Issuer 
Call Notice, or an Event of Default Redemption Notice. 
(g) 
Any Subscription Request in respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date 
occurs after the determination of a Scheduled Redemption Date may, if not 
already cancelled prior to such date, be cancelled (for the avoidance of doubt,

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 63 - 
70-40710909 
 
notwithstanding the acceptance of such Subscription Request prior to such date). 
Any Notes issued on a Subscription Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the determination of a 
Scheduled Redemption Date may, if not already cancelled prior to such date, be 
cancelled. 
Redemptions and Calls 
12.2 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Maturity 
Amount. 
12.3 
Early Redemption 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, the Issuer shall give notice of 
such Early Redemption Event (an "Early Redemption Notice") to the Noteholders, the 
Trustee and the Administrator. Such Early Redemption Notice shall specify the nature of 
the Early Redemption Event. 
Following the giving of an Early Redemption Notice, the Notes shall be redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount on the date specified for redemption in the Early Redemption 
Notice (the "Early Redemption Date"). 
12.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Where the Notes of a Series are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to 
an issuer call (an "Issuer Call"), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 5 Business Days’ 
irrevocable notice (such notice an "Issuer Call Notice") to the Administrator, the Trustee 
and the Registrar and (if so required by such competent authority or stock exchange) the 
competent authority or stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, if any, redeem all 
(but not some) of the Notes on the Business Day specified in the Issuer Call Notice (the 
"Issuer Call Date") where such date falls no more than 45 calendar days prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at the Issuer Call Amount. 
12.5 
Repurchase Prior to the Maturity Date at the Option of an Authorised Participant 
Exercise 
(a) 
Only an Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series may request that 
the Issuer repurchases Notes of a Series. 
(b) 
An Authorised Participant may, subject to the remainder of this Condition 12.5 
below and the terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, request 
the repurchase of Notes held by it by delivery of a valid Repurchase Request 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of these Conditions and the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
(c) 
Notes that are repurchased by the Issuer from an Authorised Participant shall be 
purchased at a price equal to the Repurchase Settlement Amount on the Relevant 
Settlement Date in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement and these Conditions. 
(d) 
Regardless of any preference expressed in any Repurchase Request by the 
Authorised Participant, the Issuer shall have the right to determine in its absolute 
discretion whether to pay the Repurchase Settlement Amount in the form of 
Underlying Debt Securities (on a delivery versus payment basis) or in cash or in 
a combination of both.

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 64 - 
70-40710909 
 
(e) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 12.5, the relevant 
Authorised Participant must, in the manner specified in the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement, before the relevant cut-off time deliver to the Issuer (or as 
directed by it) such Notes as are to be repurchased by the Issuer. 
(f) 
Any Repurchase Request and Notes delivered on a day which is not a Business 
Day or after the relevant cut-off time may not be accepted. Any Repurchase 
Request, once delivered, is irrevocable unless otherwise determined by the Issuer 
(or the Collateral Manager on its behalf). No Notes once so delivered and 
accompanied by a duly completed Repurchase Request in accordance with this 
Condition 12.5, may be withdrawn, provided, however, that if, prior to the 
Relevant Settlement Date, the Note(s) so deposited become subject to an early 
termination event prior to the Maturity Date of such Notes or if, on the Relevant 
Settlement Date payment (in the manner prescribed in the Conditions) is 
improperly withheld or refused by the Issuer or any of its agents, such Notes shall 
be returned to the relevant Authorised Participant. 
Circumstances in which a Repurchase Request may be null and void 
(g) 
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may treat a Repurchase 
Request as null and void and shall not be obliged to accept such Repurchase 
Request or repurchase any Notes if such Repurchase Request: 
(i) 
is not properly completed and delivered or otherwise does not comply with 
the requirements of this Condition 12.5 and/or the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement; or 
(ii) 
is delivered during, or at such time that the relevant Repurchase Trade 
Date or Relevant Settlement Date would fall: 
(A) 
during a Suspension Period; or 
(B) 
on or after the date of service of an Early Redemption Notice, an 
Issuer Call Notice, or an Event of Default Redemption Notice. 
Any determination as to whether such Repurchase Request has been properly 
completed and delivered and is otherwise in compliance with the requirements of 
these Conditions and the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, and/or 
whether a Suspension Period is on-going, and/or whether any Early Redemption 
Notice, Issuer Call Notice or Event of Default Redemption Notice has been issued 
will be made by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Authorised Participants and the Noteholders. 
(h) 
If any Repurchase Request is determined to be null and void, and the relevant 
Authorised Participant still wishes to request the repurchase of the relevant Notes, 
it must submit a new, duly completed, Repurchase Request. 
(i) 
If an Early Redemption Event and/or Event of Default has occurred (but no Early 
Redemption Notice or Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable) has 
been delivered) and there are still outstanding Repurchase Requests from 
Authorised Participants that have been accepted and processed but which have 
not yet settled, the Issuer will use reasonable endeavours to continue to settle 
such Repurchase Requests to the extent possible, save in relation to any 
Repurchase Request that has failed to settle on the Relevant Settlement Date due 
to the relevant Authorised Participant having failed to satisfy its settlement 
obligations, in which case such Repurchase Request may be cancelled by the 
Issuer and the relevant Notes redeemed as part of the Early Redemption Event 
or Event of Default process. Where the Repurchase Request has not yet been 
accepted, such Repurchase Request may be cancelled by the Issuer and the 
relevant Notes redeemed as part of the Early Redemption Event or Event of 
Default process.

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 65 - 
70-40710909 
 
12.6 
Compulsory Redemption of Notes from non-Qualified Holders 
(a) 
Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any person who is 
not a Qualified Holder. Notes may not be transferred to, or acquired on behalf of, 
any person who is not a Qualified Holder. 
(b) 
If the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) becomes aware that any 
Notes are or may be legally or beneficially owned by a person who is not a 
Qualified Holder, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager or Administrator on its 
behalf) may compulsorily redeem such Notes following at least one Business 
Day’s notice in writing to the holder (copied to the Administrator) of such Notes. 
(c) 
The relevant Notes shall, to the extent practicable, be redeemed at the 
Repurchase Settlement Amount (determined as if the Repurchase Trade Date 
was the date on which written notice is delivered to such holder). The Issuer shall 
have the right to determine in its absolute discretion whether to pay such 
Repurchase Settlement Amount in Underlying Debt Securities (on a delivery 
versus payment basis) or in cash or in a combination of both. Pending redemption, 
the Issuer will be entitled to cease to make any payments in respect of Notes held 
by a non-Qualified Holder. 
(d) 
Any costs and expenses incurred in relation to such compulsory redemption may 
be deducted from the Repurchase Settlement Amount, together with a fee to 
compensate the Issuer (for itself and on behalf of the relevant Series) for any loss 
it or any investor has suffered or may suffer in respect of such holding. Investors 
and Authorised Participants which acquire Notes despite failing to meet the 
requirements for a Qualified Holder are required to indemnify the Issuer for any 
loss suffered by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Collateral Manager, the Custodian, 
the Administrator and other investors to the extent resulting from such investor or 
Authorised Participant having acquired and/or held the Notes. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 12.6, if evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager or Administrator on its behalf) 
that the Notes are legally and beneficially owned by a Qualified Holder is provided 
prior to the redemption of such Notes, the Issuer will not redeem the relevant 
Notes. 
12.7 
Cash Settlement of Relevant Redemption Amount 
(a) 
If any Notes are to be repurchased or otherwise redeemed and the relevant 
Redemption Amount is to be paid in cash, other than where the Series Holdings 
as at the relevant date are comprised entirely of cash in the Series Currency, the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) shall, acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
make any adjustments to the Cash Flow Timing Agreement considered 
necessary or prudent in relation to the relevant repurchase or redemption; 
and 
(ii) 
select any portion of the Series Holdings (the "Relevant Portion") to 
satisfy the relevant Redemption Amount, and, to the extent it is reasonably 
practicable to do so, effect a sale of any non-cash assets and/or 
conversion of cash denominated in a currency other than the Series 
Currency (if any) comprising the Relevant Portion. 
(b) 
None of the Issuer, the Custodian, the Administrator or the Collateral Manager 
makes any representation or warranty as to the price at which any assets 
comprising the Relevant Portion will be realised. For the avoidance of doubt, in no 
circumstances will investors have the right to select the portion of the Series 
Holdings comprising the Relevant Portion.

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 66 - 
70-40710909 
 
(c) 
If, having determined or agreed that any Repurchase Settlement Amount is to be 
paid in cash, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) is unable for any 
reason to realise any assets comprising the Relevant Portion by the applicable 
Relevant Settlement Date, the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf may 
at its sole discretion determine that such Repurchase Settlement Amount will, in 
whole or in part, be settled by delivery of any part of the Relevant Portion which 
has not been realised, together with any cash component. 
12.8 
Physical Settlement 
An Authorised Participant may, in the relevant Repurchase Request, request that the 
relevant Repurchase Settlement Amount be paid by delivery of the Repurchase Physical 
Settlement Amount. Any such request shall only be valid to the extent that such 
Repurchase Request includes full details of the securities account to which the 
Repurchase Physical Settlement Amount is to be delivered along with any other details 
requested by or on behalf of the Issuer (the "Physical Delivery Details"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, accept or reject any request for physical settlement 
under this Condition 12.8 and any such acceptance or rejection may be in whole or in part.  
If the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) accepts any such request (in whole 
or in part), then the Issuer shall discharge in full its obligation to deliver the Repurchase 
Physical Settlement Amount in respect of the Notes being repurchased by crediting, or 
procuring the credit of, the same on or as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
Relevant Settlement Date to the securities account in the Relevant Clearing System or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Repurchase Request. To the extent that any request 
for physical settlement under this Condition 12.8 is rejected by the Issuer in whole or in 
part, then the Note(s) (or part thereof) in respect of which the request has been rejected 
shall be repurchased by payment of the Repurchase Settlement Amount in cash in 
accordance with Condition 12.7 (Cash Settlement of Relevant Redemption Amount). 
The Issuer shall not be in breach of its obligations to deliver the Repurchase Settlement 
Amount where failure to do so results partly or wholly from a failure of the relevant 
Authorised Participant or Noteholder to provide the Physical Delivery Details either in the 
relevant Repurchase Request or upon request by the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager or any Transaction Party makes any 
representation or warranty as to the price at which the assets comprising the Repurchase 
Physical Settlement Amount delivered in accordance with the foregoing will be sold (or 
may be sold following delivery to the relevant Authorised Participant or Noteholder). 
12.9 
Settlement of Redemption Amount 
Subject to the remainder of this Condition 12, the Issuer shall discharge its obligation to 
pay or deliver the relevant Redemption Amount in respect of each Note being redeemed 
or any Notes being repurchased by paying or delivering such Redemption Amount to the 
relevant Noteholder on the Relevant Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 11 
(Payments). 
12.10 Purchases 
The Issuer, any holding company of the Issuer or any subsidiary of such holding company 
may at any time (but is not obliged to) purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. 
12.11 Cancellation 
Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to a Repurchase Request will be 
cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. In accordance with the 
relevant Trust Documents, the Trustee will and will be deemed to release without the need

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 67 - 
70-40710909 
 
for any notice or other formalities from such Transaction Security the relevant portion of 
the Mortgaged Property relating to the Notes so purchased. 
12.12 Insufficient Proceeds 
(a) 
In relation to any Redemption Amount (except for a Repurchase Settlement 
Amount), if the realised value of the Relevant Portion is insufficient for the 
Noteholders to receive payment in full of: 
(i) 
any relevant Redemption Amount that has become due and payable; 
and/or 
(ii) 
any interest that has become due and payable, 
as applicable, and in each case any interest accrued thereon, the Noteholders will 
receive an amount which is less than any such amount, and the provisions of 
Condition 15 (Limited Recourse and Non-petition) will apply. 
(b) 
Where a Repurchase Settlement Amount is to be settled in cash in accordance 
with Condition 12.7 (Cash Settlement of Relevant Redemption Amount), if the 
realised value of the Relevant Portion is insufficient for the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Noteholder to receive payment in full of such Repurchase Cash 
Settlement Amount which has become due and payable (and any interest accrued 
thereon), the relevant Authorised Participant or Noteholder will receive an amount 
which is less than any such amount, and they shall not have recourse to any other 
assets of the Issuer (including any Series Holdings other than the Relevant Portion 
thereof). 
Following realisation of the Relevant Portion relating to the Repurchase Cash 
Settlement Amount and application of the proceeds of the realisation of the 
Relevant Portion, any outstanding claim, debt or other liability of the Issuer to such 
Holder which remains unsatisfied shall be extinguished in full and no debt or 
obligation shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Failure by the Issuer to 
make payment in respect of any shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an 
Event of Default. 
Following the extinguishment of any such claim, neither the relevant Noteholder 
nor Authorised Participant, or any other person acting on behalf of them, will be 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further 
amount in respect of the extinguished claim and no obligation will be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further amount. 
Disruption Events and Suspensions 
12.13 Disruption Events 
The Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, in each case acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner may (but is not obliged to) determine that on any 
Business Day one or more Disruption Event has occurred or exists in respect of a given 
Series. 
12.14 Determination of Suspension Periods 
If the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, determines that a Disruption Event 
has occurred or exists with respect to any Business Day, the Issuer, or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf, may (but shall not be obliged to) give notice of the postponement 
or suspension of (depending on the activity affected by the Disruption Event): 
(a) 
the right to deliver Subscription Requests and/or Repurchase Requests;

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 68 - 
70-40710909 
 
(b) 
the settlement of Subscription Requests and/or Repurchase Requests and/or 
other redemptions; and/or 
(c) 
the determination and/or publication of the Per Note Entitlement for the Series, 
and/or the cancellation of any existing Subscription Requests and/or Repurchase 
Requests (such notice, a "Suspension Notice"), specifying the Disruption Event which 
has occurred or is existing on the relevant Business Day. The Suspension Notice may 
state that the suspension or postponement is for a single day or will continue for as long 
as the Disruption Event continues. If the Suspension Notice is for a period of time, the 
Suspension Period will end when the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, 
notifies the Authorised Participants and the Trustee that it shall recommence the affected 
activity/ies. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Collateral Manager is under any obligation to monitor whether 
or not a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to any Business Day 
unless a Suspension Notice has been given which will continue until the Disruption Event 
has ceased (and in such case, only until notification of the end of the Suspension Period) 
and shall have no liability to any Noteholder, Authorised Participant or any other person 
for any determination or non-determination that it makes of the occurrence or existence 
of a Disruption Event. 
12.15 Postponement of Settlement during a Suspension Period 
(a) 
Subject to the remainder of this Condition 12.15, 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period is on-going on the Scheduled Redemption Date 
and the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), in each case 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
that the relevant Disruption Event would disrupt the actions required to be 
performed by the Issuer or a relevant Transaction Party in connection with 
any redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Scheduled Redemption 
Date shall be deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-
Disrupted Day, provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred 
on or before the 10th Business Day following the date on which the 
Scheduled Redemption Date would otherwise have occurred (the 
"Original Scheduled Redemption Date"), the Issuer, acting in good faith 
and in consultation with the Trustee and the Collateral Manager, shall 
determine an appropriate and practicable method for redeeming the Notes 
and determining the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
if a Suspension Period is on-going at any point in the 10 Business Days 
prior to the Original Scheduled Redemption Date (but is not on-going on 
the Original Scheduled Redemption Date), and the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Manager on its behalf), in each case acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that the relevant Disruption 
Event has disrupted the actions required to be performed by the Issuer or 
a relevant Transaction Party in connection with any redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, the Scheduled Redemption Date shall be 
deemed to have been postponed until the later of (i) the Original 
Scheduled Redemption Date and (ii) the date falling five (5)_Business 
Days from the date on which a Suspension Period ceased to be on-going, 
provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or before 
the 10th Business Day following the Original Scheduled Redemption Date, 
the Issuer, acting in good faith and in consultation with the Trustee and 
the Collateral Manager, shall determine an appropriate and practicable 
method for redeeming the Notes and determining the Scheduled 
Redemption Date.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 12.15(a), the Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) may, in respect of a repurchase in accordance with

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 69 - 
70-40710909 
 
Condition 12.5 (Repurchase Prior to the Maturity Date at the Option of an 
Authorised Participant), at its sole discretion and at any point following the Original 
Scheduled Redemption Date in respect of the Suspension Period: (a) pay or 
deliver some or all of the relevant Repurchase Settlement Amount in a 
commercially reasonable manner; or (b) in relation to delivery of a Repurchase 
Physical Settlement Amount, satisfy the Repurchase Settlement Amount by 
payment of the Repurchase Cash Settlement Amount. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts of interest shall be payable in 
respect of the postponement of any payment in accordance with Conditions 12.13 
(Disruption Events) to 12.16 (Postponement and cancellation of Subscriptions and 
Repurchases). 
12.16 Postponement and cancellation of Subscriptions and Repurchases 
(a) 
If a Suspension Period has commenced on a Business Day and the right to deliver 
Subscription Requests is suspended but not the settlement of Subscription 
Requests, from such Business Day until the end of the Suspension Period: 
(i) 
the Issuer is entitled not to accept Subscription Requests; and 
(ii) 
any Subscription Request that has been accepted and processed but not 
yet settled shall continue to be settled. 
(b) 
If a Suspension Period has commenced on a Business Day and the settlement of 
Subscription Requests is suspended, from such Business Day until the end of the 
Suspension Period: 
(i) 
the Issuer is entitled not to accept Subscription Requests; and 
(ii) 
the settlement of any Subscription Request that has been accepted and 
processed but not yet settled at the time that the Suspension Period 
commenced shall be deemed to have been postponed until the first 
following Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day 
has occurred on or before the 10th Business Day following the Business 
Day on which the Suspension Period commenced, the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Manager or Administrator on its behalf) may cancel such 
Subscription Request. 
(c) 
If a Suspension Period has commenced on a Business Day and the right to deliver 
Repurchase Requests is suspended but not the settlement of Repurchase 
Requests, from such Business Day until the end of the Suspension Period: 
(i) 
the Issuer is entitled not to accept Repurchase Requests; and 
(ii) 
any Repurchase Request that has been accepted and processed but not 
yet settled shall continue to be settled. 
(d) 
If a Suspension Period has commenced on a Business Day and the settlement of 
Repurchase Requests is suspended, from such Business Day until the end of the 
Suspension Period: 
(i) 
the Issuer is entitled not to accept Repurchase Requests; and 
(ii) 
the settlement of any Repurchase Request that has been accepted and 
processed but not yet settled at the time that the Suspension Period 
commenced shall be deemed to have been postponed until the first 
following Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if no such Non-Disrupted Day 
has occurred on or before the 10th Business Day following the Business 
Day on which the Suspension Period commenced, the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Manager or Administrator on its behalf) may cancel such 
Repurchase Request.

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 70 - 
70-40710909 
 
Where one or more of the above (paragraphs (a) to (d)) occurs simultaneously, each 
relevant set of provisions shall also apply simultaneously. 
(e) 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Authorised Participant 
or any Noteholder in connection with the cancellation or postponement of the 
settlement of a Subscription Request or Repurchase Request. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If an Event of Default in respect of a Series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one quarter in Nominal Amount 
of the Notes then outstanding of such Series or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders shall (subject in each case 
to being indemnified, secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice to the 
Issuer (with a copy to the Custodian) (such notice being an "Event of Default 
Redemption Notice") that the Notes of such Series are, and, subject to Condition 12.15 
(Postponement of Settlement during a Suspension Period), they shall immediately 
become, due and payable at their Default Redemption Amount together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest (if any) in respect of such Notes. 
14. 
TRUSTEE ENFORCEMENT RIGHT 
At any time after an Enforcement Event has occurred in respect of a Series, the Trustee 
may deliver an Enforcement Notice in respect of such Series to the Issuer, the 
Administrator and the Collateral Manager and, at its discretion, take such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Documents and 
the Notes of such Series but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any 
other action in relation to the Trust Documents or the relevant Series of Notes unless (a) 
it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter in Nominal Amount of the Notes 
of the relevant Series then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or other Secured Creditor (other than the Trustee) shall be entitled to 
institute proceedings directly against the Issuer or prove in the winding up of the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails to do so within a reasonable 
period and such failure is continuing, in which event any Noteholder may himself institute 
such proceedings and/or prove in the winding up of the Issuer to the same extent and in 
the same jurisdiction (but not further or otherwise) that the Trustee would have been 
entitled to do so in respect of the Notes and/or the Trust Documents. 
15. 
LIMITED RECOURSE AND NON-PETITION 
15.1 
General Limited Recourse 
In respect of a Series of Notes, the recourse of the Noteholders and the Transaction 
Parties against the Issuer is limited to the Mortgaged Property in respect of that Series 
only, subject to the Transaction Security, and they shall not have recourse to any other 
assets of the Issuer, including any assets of the Issuer attributable to another Series. 
If the amounts realised from the Mortgaged Property for a Series of Notes are not 
sufficient to make payment of all amounts due from the Issuer in respect of that Series 
pursuant to the Trust Documents, the Notes and the other Transaction Documents, then 
no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet any resulting shortfall which shall 
be borne by the parties in accordance with the order of priority in Condition 5 (Transaction 
Security and Priority of Payment). 
If at any time following:

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 71 - 
70-40710909 
 
(a) 
the Realisation of the Mortgaged Property in relation to the Relevant Series; and  
(b) 
application in full of any amounts available to pay amounts due and payable in 
accordance with the payment priorities set out in clause 10 (Application of 
Proceeds) of the Trust Deed,  
the proceeds of such Realisation are insufficient, after payment of all other claims ranking 
in priority in accordance with the payment priorities set out in clause 10 (Application of 
Proceeds) of the Trust Deed, to satisfy the Obligations of the Issuer relating to the 
Relevant Series, then the amount remaining to be paid in relation to such Obligations 
shall, on the day following such application in full of the amounts referred to in (b) above, 
cease to be due and payable by the Issuer.  Failure by the Issuer to make payment in 
respect of any shortfall described in this Condition 15 (Limited Recourse and Non-
petition) shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default. 
For the purposes of the foregoing, "Realisation" means, in relation to any Mortgaged 
Property, the deriving, to the fullest extent practicable, (in accordance with the provisions 
of the Transaction Documents) of proceeds from or in respect of such Mortgaged 
Property including (without limitation) through sale or through performance by an obligor. 
15.2 
Non-petition 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the 
Trust Documents to enforce the Transaction Security and none of the Transaction Parties, 
the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them (other than the Trustee) 
shall be entitled to proceed to instigate any Bankruptcy Event directly against the Issuer 
to enforce the Transaction Security in relation to any Series of Notes.   
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any 
of them (other than the Trustee, where appropriate): 
(a) 
are entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct 
the Trustee to enforce the Transaction Security in relation to any Series or take 
any proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the Transaction Security in relation 
to any Series of Notes; 
(b) 
shall have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Issuer 
for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Issuer; 
(c) 
until the date falling two years after the date on which the Trustee is satisfied that 
all moneys and other liabilities due or owing by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme or each Series of Note issued thereunder have been paid or 
discharged in full, shall initiate or join any person in initiating a Bankruptcy Event 
or the appointment of an insolvency official in relation to the Issuer other than a 
Receiver or an administrator appointed under clause 8 (Receiver) of the Security 
Deed in relation to any Series of Notes; and 
(d) 
shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the payment 
priorities set out in Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) in relation to any Series 
of Notes not being complied with. 
15.3 
Corporate Obligation 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Noteholders or any person acting on behalf of any 
of them shall have any recourse against any director, shareholder, member, agent, 
corporate service provider, or officer of the Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenant 
or agreement entered into or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Documents. 
15.4 
Survival

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 72 - 
70-40710909 
 
The provisions of this Condition 15 (Limited Recourse and Non-petition) shall survive 
notwithstanding any redemption or repurchase of the Notes of any Series. 
16. 
TAXATION 
16.1 
No Withholding 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall not be required 
to pay to any investor any additional amounts in connection with such withholding or 
deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
16.2 
FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer, the Trustee and/or 
the Registrar shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules 
of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant 
to any agreement with the US IRS ("FATCA withholding"). None of the Issuer, the 
Trustee and/or the Registrar will have any obligation to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify an investor for any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar or any other party as a result of any person (other than 
an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
17. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and any claims against the Issuer for payment or delivery under the Conditions 
in respect of the Notes will be prescribed and become void unless presented for payment 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the due date for payment. Any payment of interest which has remained unclaimed 
for the periods above shall be forfeited and cease to remain owing by the Issuer. 
18. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
Should any Individual Note Certificate or Global Note in certificated form be lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Registrar 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
19. 
NOTICES 
19.1 
Notices to Noteholders 
For so long as the Notes are listed by or on a competent authority or stock exchange, all 
notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given where published: 
(a) 
on the website of one or more regulatory information services approved for such 
purposes by the applicable authority/ies or exchange(s); and/or 
(b) 
otherwise in accordance with the rules and regulations of such authority or 
exchange, or other relevant authority.

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 73 - 
70-40710909 
 
In addition, for so long as any Notes are listed by or on a competent authority or stock 
exchange and the rules of that competent authority or stock exchange so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the places or places 
required by that competent authority or stock exchange. 
Where the Notes are admitted to the official list and to trading on the regulated market of 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), notices 
shall be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any such publications are not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE, or in a publication in in the relevant country with a 
circulation amongst relevant professional investors. 
Any notices published in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 19 
shall be conclusively presumed to have been received by the Noteholders on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on 
which publication is made. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 19, all notices regarding the 
Notes will also be deemed to be validly given if notified either (i) via the settlement system 
in which the Notes are held, in which case the notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the day the notification is provided to the relevant settlement system or as it may direct, 
or (ii) sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the 
Noteholders on the Register (or the first named of joint holders if joint holders appear on 
the Register) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register, in which case they 
will be deemed to have been given on the day after mailing. 
19.2 
Notices from Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relevant Note or Notes, with the Registrar at the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
While any of the Notes are cleared through an ICSD and represented by a Global Note, 
such notice may be given in respect of such Notes by a Noteholder to the Registrar 
through the Relevant Clearing System or the Common Depositary in such manner as is 
acceptable to the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System (or the Common 
Depositary). 
19.3 
Administrator to notify Noteholders 
Where the Administrator is required to give or receives a notice pursuant to these 
Conditions, the Administrator shall promptly deliver such notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 19 (Notices). 
20. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
20.1 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the 
Trustee if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than one tenth in Nominal 
Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being remaining outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is:  
(a) 
one or more persons holding or representing more than half of the Nominal 
Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; or

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 74 - 
70-40710909 
 
(b) 
at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
of the relevant Series whatever the Nominal Amount of the Notes so held or 
represented,  
except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes in order to modify the date of maturity of the Notes, reduce or 
cancel the amount of principal or the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes or 
alter the currency of payment of the Notes, the quorum shall be:  
(c) 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in Nominal 
Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding;  
(d) 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than one quarter in Nominal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series 
for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Issuer may specify a record date (a "Meeting Record Date") in relation to such 
meeting. The persons eligible to vote or to be represented at any such meeting will be the 
Noteholders on the relevant Meeting Record Date. 
The Trust Deed provides for a resolution, with or without notice, in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holder or holders of not less than half in Nominal Amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series for the time being outstanding to be as effective and binding as if it were 
an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. 
21. 
MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
21.1 
Without prejudice to Conditions 21.2 and 21.3, other than in respect of Reserved Matters 
(as specified and defined in the Trust Deed) the Trustee may, without the consent or 
sanction of the Noteholders: 
(a) 
concur with the Issuer in making any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of these 
Conditions, the Notes, the Trust Documents or any other Transaction Document, 
provided that the Trustee is of the opinion that such modification, waiver or 
authorisation will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;  
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders to do so; or 
(c) 
agree to any modification, amendment, waiver or supplement (including without 
limitation any additional document) which in the opinion of the Trustee is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders. 
21.2 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed, neither the approval of Noteholders nor the Trustee is required for, without limitation: 
(a) 
the transfer of any Series Holdings to an Authorised Participant under an 
Authorised Participant Agreement or in respect of Notes subject to physical 
delivery and/or to the Custodian under the Master Services Agreement, and the 
related release of Transaction Security provided such transfer and release is 
effected in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Master Services Agreement, the Security Deed or the Conditions, 
as applicable; 
(b) 
any change to the Operational Fee at any time;

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 75 - 
70-40710909 
 
(c) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such 
appointment or replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the 
applicable Transaction Documents, provided that so long as the Notes are listed 
on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant authority, to 
the extent required by such exchange or other relevant authority there will be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(d) 
any amendment to the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to, 
or is necessary or desirable to address, an operational, procedural, administrative 
or technical issue; 
(e) 
any change to or of the clearing or settlement system in which Notes are or may 
be cleared, held or deposited; 
(f) 
any change to the number or Nominal Amount of Notes which may be evidenced 
by a Global Note, or similar or equivalent instrument held in or deposited with a 
settlement system other than through an ICSD; 
(g) 
by notice to the Trustee, Registrar(s) and Administrator, any change to the form, 
nature, or method for registration, transfer and/or clearing of the Notes, including 
without limitation the conversion of the Notes from certificated to uncertificated 
form, or from uncertificated to certificated form; 
(h) 
the marketing or listing of the Notes of any Series in any additional jurisdiction 
and/or on any additional stock exchange, market or trading facility;  
(i) 
any change to the Applicable Discount Rate or any other reference rate in the 
event that (i) such Applicable Discount Rate or other reference rate ceases or will 
cease to be calculated or published, or (ii) such Applicable Discount Rate or other 
reference rate is no longer recognised by the market as an appropriate reference 
rate; or 
(j) 
any other modifications to the Conditions, Notes, or Transaction Documents which 
relates or is incidental to, or is necessary or desirable to give effect to, any of the 
foregoing, 
in each case which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) does not consider 
to be materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders. 
21.3 
The Trustee shall agree to any modification, amendment, waiver or supplement (including 
without limitation any additional document) without the consent of Noteholders where 
such modification, amendment, waiver or supplement is: 
(a) 
to correct any inconsistency arising in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
Series of Notes as compared to any term sheet, brochure or other written 
communication in respect of the Notes that has been distributed to Noteholders in 
respect of that Series and the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) has 
provided written confirmation distributed to Noteholders of such inconsistency 
appending the relevant written communication to which the Final Terms are to be 
conformed; 
(b) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(c) 
to correct a manifest error;  
(d) 
necessary to comply with any mandatory provision of law or the rules of any stock 
exchange, market or quotation system, central securities depository, trading 
facility or clearing system;

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 76 - 
70-40710909 
 
(e) 
to address or adapt to any upcoming or potential changes in law, regulations, best 
practice or market practice, including amending the operating model of a Series 
to address or adapt to such change(s); or 
(f) 
to adapt any Series of Notes to changes to the settlement model and any related 
changes to the Global Note or Individual Note Certificate (as applicable), 
and, in each case, in the opinion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), 
such change is not materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders or investors (as 
the case may be). 
21.4 
Any modification in accordance with these Conditions shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and, if the Trustee so requires, any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
21.5 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but shall 
not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Noteholders whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders (whatever 
their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders. 
Substitution 
21.6 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as 
the principal debtor under the Notes and the Transaction Documents of any other 
company. 
In the case of such substitution, the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, 
agree to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Documents, subject to 
the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by such change. 
In the event of the Issuer becoming subject to any form of Tax on its income or on 
payments in respect of the Notes, the Trustee may agree or require the Issuer to use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure the substitution of a company in some other jurisdiction 
as principal debtor under the Notes and the Transaction Documents 
22. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND TRUSTEE'S RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified, 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter 
alia, (a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and to act as trustee for the 
holders of any other securities issued by, or relating to, the Issuer, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to 
any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the 
interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in 
connection therewith.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 77 - 
70-40710909 
 
The Trust Deed contains provisions allowing the Trustee to retire at any time on giving 
not less than three calendar months’ prior written notice to the Issuer without giving any 
reason and without being responsible for any Expenses (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
incurred by such retirement. The Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove 
any trustee or trustees of the Notes. The Trust Deed provides that the retirement or 
removal of any such Trustee shall not become effective until a successor trustee (being a 
trust corporation) is appointed. The Trust Deed provides that, in the event of the Trustee 
giving notice of retirement or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution under the Trust 
Deed, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that a new trustee is 
appointed. If no appointment has become effective within three calendar months of such 
notice or Extraordinary Resolution, the Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall be 
entitled to appoint a trust corporation. No appointment of a trustee shall take effect unless 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. Notice of any such change shall be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
23. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
Subject to the requirements of the Trust Documents, the Issuer shall be at liberty at any 
time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and issue further notes having terms 
and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the Issue Date 
and issue price) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with 
the outstanding Notes. 
Any new Notes forming a single series with the Notes shall be constituted and secured by 
the Trust Documents so that the new Notes and the existing Notes shall be secured by 
the same Mortgaged Property. References in the Conditions to "Notes", "Secured 
Assets", "Series Holdings", "Underlying Debt", "Underlying Debt Securities", 
"Mortgaged Property", the "Cash Flow Timing Agreement", "Secured Payment 
Obligations" and "Secured Creditor" shall be construed accordingly. 
24. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999 to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
25. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
25.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Individual Note Certificates, the Global Notes, the Transaction Documents 
and the Trust Deed and all non-contractual obligations arising from or connected with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
25.2 
Jurisdiction 
The English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Notes, and accordingly any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives 
any objection to Proceedings in any such courts whether on the grounds of venue or that 
the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made 
for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Trustee and shall not limit the right of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
25.3 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed a process agent to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. Service of process on such process

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 78 - 
70-40710909 
 
agent shall be deemed valid service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to and 
received by the Issuer. The Issuer shall inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its 
process agent’s address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason such 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, 
the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in England and to 
deliver to it a copy of the substitute process agent’s written acceptance of that 
appointment, within 14 calendar days. 
25.4 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer or any Transaction Party will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) 
of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
Where Notes or an interest therein are held in a Relevant Clearing System, a reference 
in these Conditions to a deposit or return of such Notes shall be deemed to refer to the 
taking of such action by an account holder in such Relevant Clearing System as is 
required to deposit or return such account holder’s interest in the Notes in or to the 
relevant account in such Relevant Clearing System (or other Relevant Clearing System, 
as applicable).

--- Page 80 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 79 - 
70-40710909 
 
DEFINITIONS 
Unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set 
out below: 
 
“Additional Business Centre” 
means, in respect of a Series, any additional business 
centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Discount Rate" 
means, in respect of a Series, the rate specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms (reflecting the rate set out in the 
CFTA as at the Issue Date), provided that if the Issuer and 
the CFTA Counterparty agree to revise the rate applicable 
in the CFTA, the Applicable Discount Rate shall mean such 
revised rate.  Where the Issuer and CFTA Counterparty 
agree to amend the rate specified in the CFTA, the revised 
rate will be made available via the website maintained on 
behalf of the Issuer at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such 
other website as may be notified to Noteholders). 
"Authorised Participant" 
means an entity specified as such in the Final Terms, or 
otherwise specified to be an Authorised Participant in 
relation to the relevant Series of Notes on the website 
maintained 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such other website as may 
be notified to Noteholders). 
"Authorised Participant 
Agreement" 
means each agreement between the Issuer and each 
Authorised Participant from time to time which sets out the 
terms pursuant to which the Authorised Participant may be 
an authorised participant of the Issuer. 
"Bankruptcy Event" 
means, with respect to an entity, such entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or 
fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, 
or 
such 
a 
general 
assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy, the 
appointment of an examiner or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding up, liquidation or 
examinership, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against 
it, such proceeding or petition either: 
 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief

--- Page 81 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 80 - 
70-40710909 
 
or the making of an order for its winding up, 
liquidation or examinership, or 
 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian, examiner or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; 
 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within 30 days thereafter; or 
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in sub-clauses (a) to (g) above. 
"Bankruptcy Event of 
Default" 
means that the Issuer: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or sanctioned by 
an Extraordinary Resolution); 
 
(b) 
admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition with or for the benefit of the 
Noteholders, or such a general assignment, 
arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding up, 
examinership or liquidation (including, without 
limitation, any bankruptcy, insolvency, voluntary, 
forced or judicial liquidation, composition with 
creditors, 
reprieve 
from 
payment, 
controlled 
management, 
fraudulent 
conveyance, 
general 
settlement 
with 
creditors 
or 
reorganisation 
proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the

--- Page 82 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 81 - 
70-40710909 
 
rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition 
either results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding up, examinership 
or liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of 
the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or sanctioned by 
an Extraordinary Resolution); 
 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, examiner, custodian or other 
similar official (including, without limitation, the 
appointment of an administrator (including, without 
limitation, 
any 
receiver, 
liquidator, 
auditor, 
provisional administrator or any application made or 
petition lodged or documents filed with the court or 
administrator in relation to the Issuer) for it or for any 
assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the 
relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust 
Documents; 
 
(g) 
other than the Trustee (except in circumstances 
where the Trustee is enforcing the Transaction 
Security pursuant to the Trust Documents) or the 
Custodian, has a secured party take possession of 
any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under 
the relevant Notes are secured pursuant to the Trust 
Documents or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against any assets on which the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Notes are 
secured pursuant to the Trust Documents and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; or  
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) above 
(inclusive). 
"Business Day" 
means a day which is: 
(a)  
a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and each Additional Business Centre specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any); and

--- Page 83 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 82 - 
70-40710909 
 
(b)  
if “TARGET” is specified as an Additional Business 
Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day which is 
a TARGET Settlement Day, 
or such other day as the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) may from time to time determine and set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or otherwise notify to 
Noteholders. Notwithstanding the above, a Business Day 
shall (unless otherwise determined by the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Manager on its behalf)) exclude any day on which 
a relevant market operator, over-the-counter (OTC) market, 
regulator or exchange (as applicable) on which an 
underlying asset is traded, listed or quoted declares a 
relevant underlying market closed or suspended for trading 
and/or settlement.  
The Issuer (or the Administrator or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) produces dealing calendars for the Series of 
Notes which detail the relevant business days for dealing 
and settlement (which may differ) in respect of each Series. 
Such dealing calendar may be amended from time to time 
by the Issuer (or the Administrator or the Collateral Manager 
on its behalf) where, for example, a relevant market 
operator, over-the-counter (OTC) market, regulator or 
exchange (as applicable) declares a relevant underlying 
market closed or suspended for trading and/or settlement. 
Such closure may be made with little or no notice to the 
Issuer, the Administrator and/or the Collateral Manager; 
consequently, the Issuer, the Administrator and/or the 
Collateral Manager may also make amendments to the 
dealing calendar on little or no notice. 
"Business Day Convention" 
means, in respect of a Series, any of the following 
convention specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention;  
 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention; 
and 
 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" 
shall have the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement" or "CFTA"  
means, in relation to a Series of Notes, an agreement 
comprising the ISDA Master Agreement in respect of such 
Series of Notes, together with all Cash Flow Transactions, 
the confirmations evidencing such Cash Flow Transactions 
and any ancillary fee agreements entered into in respect of 
such Cash Flow Transactions. 
"Cash Flow Transactions" 
means a transaction entered into between the Issuer and a 
CFTA Counterparty in relation to the Notes. 
"CFTA Collateral" 
means any cash, securities or other assets or property 
transferred by any CFTA Counterparty to the Issuer 
pursuant to any Credit Support Annex, or the cash 
equivalent assets into which such cash is invested, but shall 
not include any CFTA Collateral Proceeds.

--- Page 84 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 83 - 
70-40710909 
 
"CFTA Collateral Proceeds" 
means any interest or other proceeds generated by the 
CFTA Collateral and/or the reinvestment of the CFTA 
Collateral in cash equivalent assets and which is not 
required to be returned to the CFTA Counterparty/ies 
pursuant to the Cash Flow Timing Agreement(s). 
"CFTA Counterparty" 
means, in relation to a Series, each party identified as such 
in the Final Terms and/or any other party with which the 
Issuer has entered into a Cash Flow Timing Agreement in 
relation to the relevant Series (in each case, where any 
obligations remain outstanding under the Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement entered into with such party). 
"CFTA Value" 
means in relation to a Cash Flow Timing Agreement, as 
determined by the Administrator in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, the net present value of 
the cashflows under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement 
discounted at the Applicable Discount Rate.   
"Change in Law/Regulatory 
Event" 
means that, as a result of: 
(a) 
the adoption of, or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling, agreement, practice or 
procedure (including, without limitation, any Tax law 
and any regulation, rule, order, ruling, agreement, 
practice or procedure of any applicable regulatory 
authority, applicable market association, Tax 
authority and/or any exchange);  
 
(b) 
a new, or any change in the, interpretation by any 
court, tribunal, regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction, European Union financial regulatory 
authority (including the European Securities and 
Markets Authority), applicable market association, 
Tax authority, exchange and/or any trading facility 
(each a "Relevant Authority") of any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling, agreement, guidance 
practice or procedure (including, without limitation, 
any Tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling, 
agreement, guidance, practice or procedure of any 
Relevant Authority); or 
 
(c) 
the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any Relevant Authority or any official or 
representative of any Relevant Authority acting in an 
official capacity, 
 
in each case at any time after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of any Series, the Issuer determines in its sole 
discretion that: 
 
(i) 
there is a reasonable likelihood of it 
becoming unlawful; or

--- Page 85 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 84 - 
70-40710909 
 
 
(ii) 
it is or there is a reasonable likelihood of it 
becoming unduly onerous, impracticable or 
impossible, for: 
 
(A) 
the Issuer to maintain the Notes 
and/or the Programme; and/or 
 
(B) 
the Issuer to perform any duties in 
respect of or in connection with the 
Notes or any Transaction Document. 
 
For the purpose of this definition, the reference to "unduly 
onerous, impossible or impractical" shall include, without 
limitation, circumstances in which the Issuer would or may 
suffer an increase in costs and/or less favourable regulatory, 
accounting or tax treatment in connection with the Notes, 
any Transaction Documents, the Programme or other 
instruments issued under the Programme generally. 
"Clean-up Call Threshold" 
means, in respect of a Series, the amount specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Clearing System" 
means any of: (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream; and/or (iii) any 
other recognised clearing system in which Notes of a Series 
may be cleared. 
"Clearstream" 
means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme. 
"Collateral Criteria" 
means the criteria set out in the section titled "Collateral 
Criteria" in the Base Prospectus approved in relation to the 
Programme and in effect as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series, as completed by 
the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche. 
"Collateral Disruption Event" 
means, in the determination of the Collateral Manager, the 
occurrence or continuance at any time of any of the following 
events: 
(a) 
the Issuer is unable (acting on the advice of, and as 
determined by, the Collateral Manager) to maintain 
appropriate diversification in the Underlying Debt;  
(b) 
the value of Notes remaining outstanding is such 
that it would be uneconomical to maintain the 
underlying Underlying Debt; 
(c) 
where "Clean-up Call Threshold" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the aggregate 
outstanding notional of the Notes is less than the 
Clean-up Call Threshold specified in the Final Terms 
and the Issuer determines in its discretion that the 
same will constitute an Early Redemption Event; 
and/or 
(d) 
it is reasonably likely that the liquidation proceeds of 
the Series Holdings coupled with the net cashflow 
payments from the CFTA Counterparties under the 
CFTAs for the relevant Series would (or would in the 
future) fall below the Minimum Redemption Amount 
(if any) for such Series, and the Issuer has

--- Page 86 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 85 - 
70-40710909 
 
determined in its sole discretion that such likelihood 
constitutes a Collateral Disruption Event. 
"Common Depositary" 
means the entity appointed as a depositary for the 
International Central Securities Depositories, currently 
Citibank Europe plc, having its registered office at 1 North 
Wall Quay, Dublin 1. 
"Common Depositary’s 
Nominee" 
means the nominee of the Common Depositary, currently 
Citivic Nominees Limited. 
“Collateral Intention” 
has the meaning given in Condition 7 (Collateral 
Management). 
"Credit Support Annex" 
has the meaning given in the section "Description of the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement" in the Base Prospectus 
approved in relation to the Programme and in effect as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant 
Series. 
"Credit Support Balance" 
shall have the meaning given in the Credit Support Annex to 
the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
"Day Count Fraction" 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
in accordance with Condition 10 (Interest): 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of 
an Interest Period End Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =

--- Page 87 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 86 - 
70-40710909 
 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
−
+
−

+
−

 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Interest Period falls: 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
−
+
−

+
−

 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Interest Period falls: 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 88 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 87 - 
70-40710909 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
−
+
−

+
−

 
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Interest Period falls: 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
 
(h) 
if "Act/365L" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 
365 (or, if the Interest Period End Date of the 
relevant Interest Period falls in a leap year, divided 
by 366). 
"Debt Securities Inclusion 
Criteria" 
means the criteria set out in the section titled “Debt 
Securities Inclusion Criteria” of the Collateral Criteria.

--- Page 89 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 88 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Debt Securities Initial 
Inclusion Criteria" 
has the meaning given to it in the section titled “Debt 
Securities Inclusion Criteria” of the Collateral Criteria. 
"Default Redemption 
Amount" 
means, in respect of any Note of the relevant Series 
outstanding on the relevant Default Valuation Date, such 
Note's pro rata entitlement to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Nominal Amount of such Series as at the Default 
Valuation Date together with any interest in respect 
of such Series accrued to and outstanding at the 
Default Valuation Date; plus  
(b) 
an amount (which may be positive or negative) that 
reflects the effect of any change in relevant interest 
rate and credit spreads on the Series Holdings for 
the relevant Series (as determined by the Issuer (or 
the Administrator or Collateral Manager on its 
behalf)); less  
(c) 
any applicable Duties and Charges.  
This amount is applied in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) and Condition 15 
(Limited Recourse and Non-petition). 
"Default Valuation Date" 
means the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
"Disruption Event" 
means any of the following: 
 
(a) 
a Market Disruption Event; 
 
(b) 
an Early Redemption Notice has been delivered; 
 
(c) 
any of the Collateral Manager, the Registrar, the 
Custodian, the Paying Agent, the Administrator 
and/or all of the Authorised Participants resign, or 
such role is terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Transaction Document, 
and no replacement Collateral Manager, Registrar, 
Custodian, Paying Agent, Administrator and/or at 
least one Authorised Participant (as applicable) has 
yet been appointed; 
 
(d) 
any CFTA Counterparty has failed or is unable, for 
any reason, to make a payment pursuant to the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement; or 
 
(e) 
any other event which the Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) determines in its sole 
discretion to constitute a disruption event in relation 
to the Notes. 
"Duties and Charges" 
all stamp and other duties, taxes, governmental charges, 
brokerage, bank charges, foreign exchange spreads, 
interest, custody or sub-custodian charges (relating to sales 
and purchases), transfer fees, registration fees, hedging-
related costs, transaction costs, listing fees and expenses 
and other duties and charges whether in connection with the 
original acquisition or increase of the assets of the relevant

--- Page 90 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 89 - 
70-40710909 
 
Series or the creation, issue, sale, redemption, switching, 
repurchase or listing of Notes or the sale, purchase or 
substitution of Series Holdings, any amendment to or 
termination of the CFTA(s) or otherwise which may have 
become or may be payable in respect of or prior to or in 
connection with or arising out of or upon the occasion of the 
transaction or dealing in respect of which such duties and 
charges are payable, which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
includes, 
when 
calculating 
subscription, 
repurchase, 
redemption and switching prices and amounts (including 
without limitation any Redemption Amount or Per Note 
Entitlement), any provision for spreads to take into account: 
(a) 
the difference between the price or value at which 
underlying assets were valued for the purpose of 
calculating the relevant price or amount for the 
relevant transaction versus the estimated and/or 
final price at which such assets shall be or are 
bought as a result of a subscription (or switch) and 
sold as a result of a redemption or repurchase (or 
switch); 
(b) 
any charges payable on an adjustment to a CFTA 
required as a result of the subscription, repurchase, 
redemption or switching transaction; and 
(c) 
(where relevant) applying realised or unrealised 
gains or losses on foreign exchange or currency 
forwards to the extent that such gains or losses 
relate to the relevant transaction or such gains or 
losses are (in the case of gains) less or (in the case 
of losses) more than would have been incurred in 
the 
absence 
of 
the 
relevant 
subscription, 
redemption, repurchase, or switching transaction, 
but shall not include any commission, taxes, charges 
or costs which may have been taken into account in 
ascertaining the price or amount for the relevant 
transaction. 
"Early Redemption Amount" 
means, in respect of any Note of the relevant Series 
outstanding on the relevant Early Redemption Date, such 
Note's pro rata entitlement to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Nominal Amount of such Series as at the Early 
Redemption Date together with any interest in 
respect of such Series accrued to and outstanding 
at the Early Redemption Date; plus 
(b) 
an amount (which may be positive or negative) that 
reflects the effect of any change in relevant interest 
rate and credit spreads on the Series Holdings for 
the relevant Series (as determined by the Issuer (or 
the Administrator or Collateral Manager on its 
behalf)); less  
(c) 
any applicable Duties and Charges.

--- Page 91 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 90 - 
70-40710909 
 
This amount is applied in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) and Condition 15 
(Limited Recourse and Non-petition). 
"Early Redemption Date" 
has the 
meaning 
given in Condition 
12.3 (Early 
Redemption). 
"Early Redemption Event" 
means any of a Tax Event, a Service Provider Non-
Replacement Event, an Illegality Event, a Change in 
Law/Regulatory Event, a Hedging Disruption Event or a 
Collateral Disruption Event. 
"Early Redemption Notice" 
has the 
meaning 
given in Condition 
12.3 (Early 
Redemption). 
"Eligible Credit Support" 
shall have the meaning given in the Credit Support Annex to 
the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
"Eligible Debt Instruments" 
means debt securities which, at the time of purchase (or at 
the time of delivery by an Authorised Participant in 
connection with a Subscription (as applicable)): 
(a) 
satisfy the Collateral Criteria for that Series; and/or 
(b) 
are fungible with existing Underlying Debt Securities 
comprising the Underlying Debt or will become 
fungible with existing Underlying Debt Securities 
upon expiry of any distribution constraint on such 
debt securities. 
"Enforcement Event" 
means that the Notes have become immediately due and 
repayable pursuant to Condition 13 (Events of Default) and 
the Default Redemption Amount has not been paid. 
"Enforcement Notice" 
means a notice given by the Trustee pursuant to Condition 
14 (Trustee Enforcement Right) that (i) the Trustee intends 
to enforce, in respect of one or more Series, the Transaction 
Security constituted by the Trust Documents and (ii) the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) is to cease 
to effect any further sale or substitution of the Series 
Holdings or any adjustment of any Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series, save that any 
transaction entered into prior to the effective date of such 
Enforcement Notice shall be settled and the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall take any steps and 
actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or that are 
incidental thereto. 
"Euroclear" 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event of Default" 
means any of a Payment Event of Default, a Non-
Compliance Event of Default or a Bankruptcy Event of 
Default. 
"Event of Default Redemption 
Notice" 
shall have the meaning given in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default). 
"Expenses" 
shall have the meaning given in the Trust Documents.

--- Page 92 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 91 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" 
shall have the meaning given in the Trust Deed. 
"FATCA withholding" 
has the meaning given in Condition 16.2 (FATCA). 
"Final Maturity Amount" 
means, in respect of any Note of the relevant Series finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date, such Note's pro rata 
entitlement to the Nominal Amount of the relevant Series, 
applied in accordance with and subject to Condition 5.2 
(Application of Proceeds) and Condition 15 (Limited 
Recourse and Non-petition). 
"Following Business Day 
Convention" 
means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is such a Business Day. 
"Global Note" 
has the meaning given in Condition 3.3 (Certificate). 
"Hedging Disruption Event" 
means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to: 
(a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge risk in relation to the relevant 
Series, or 
(b) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes, 
including in each case, without limitation, the Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement. 
"Illegality Event" 
means that the Issuer determines in its sole discretion that: 
(a) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations has or 
will become unlawful or impracticable, in whole or in 
part, in particular as a result of compliance with any 
applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive or with any requirement 
or request of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power; or 
 
(b) 
the Issuer would be subject to an increased cost (as 
compared to the circumstances existing on the Issue 
Date in respect of such Series of Notes) in entering 
into or maintaining a Series of Notes in particular as 
a result of compliance with any applicable present or 
future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive or with any requirement or request of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power. 
"Individual Note Certificate" 
has the meaning given in Condition 3.3 (Certificate).

--- Page 93 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 92 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Interest Amount" 
has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Calculation of 
Interest). 
"Interest Commencement 
Date" 
means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Issue Date in respect of the Notes. 
"Interest Payment Date" 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Business Day Convention will not apply to the 
Interest Payment Date.  
"Interest Period" 
means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms):  
(a) 
the period beginning on (and including) the relevant 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date occurring 
after such Interest Commencement Date; and 
(b) 
each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if 
earlier, the date on which the relevant Note is 
redeemed or repurchased). An Interest Period will 
not be adjusted by the Business Day Convention. 
"International Central 
Securities Depository" or 
"ICSD" 
means an international central securities depository. The 
ICSDs in which the Notes are cleared and/or settled include 
Euroclear and Clearstream.  Any change to the ICSDs will 
be set out in the section titled “Relevant Clearing System” in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Master Agreement" 
means a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement together with the 
Schedule thereto and the Credit Support Annex thereto. 
"Issue Date" 
means, in relation to each Note, the date on which 
settlement is to take place for the issuance of the Note, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issuer Call" 
has the meaning given in Condition 12.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
"Issuer Call Amount" 
means, in respect of any Note of the relevant Series 
outstanding as at the Issuer Call Date, such Note's pro rata 
entitlement to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Nominal Amount of the Series as at the Issuer 
Call Date together with any Interest Amounts 
scheduled to become due in the period from (but 
excluding) the Issuer Call Date to (and including) the 
Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) 
the Series Entitlement as at the date specified in the 
relevant Issuer Call Notice less any fees, costs and 
expenses attributable to the relevant Series (save 
for any fees, costs and expenses already captured 
in the Series Entitlement) and any applicable Duties 
and Charges,

--- Page 94 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 93 - 
70-40710909 
 
 
as at the Valuation Date.  
Such amount shall be applied in accordance with and 
subject to Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) and 
Condition 15 (Limited Recourse and Non-petition). 
"Issuer Call Date" 
shall have the meaning given in Condition 12.4 (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
"Issuer Call Notice" 
has the meaning given in Condition 12.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
"Issuer Cash Account" 
means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the cash account 
being maintained by the Custodian for the Issuer in respect 
of such Series of Notes under the terms of the Master 
Services Agreement. 
"Issuer Covenants" 
shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed. 
"Market Disruption Event" 
means, in the determination of the Collateral Manager, the 
occurrence or continuance at any time of any of the following 
events: 
(a) 
the material suspension of, or the material limitation 
in, trading and/or settlement of any of the Underlying 
Debt Securities in the relevant exchange or principal 
trading 
market 
(including 
a 
permanent 
discontinuation of trading); 
 
(b) 
any circumstances exist as a result of or in which it 
is impossible or not reasonably practicable to 
dispose of the Underlying Debt Securities and/or 
determine the value of the Underlying Debt; 
 
(c) 
it is impossible or impracticable for the Collateral 
Manager to determine the Per Note Entitlement for 
the Series and/or to or notify the Noteholders of the 
same; 
 
(d) 
as a result of the imposition of exchange controls or 
any other circumstances, it is impossible or 
impracticable for the Issuer to receive or transfer 
amounts through, to or from its accounts; 
 
(e) 
as a result of any circumstances, it is not reasonably 
practicable for the Issuer to settle any issuance, 
repurchase or other redemption of the Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions and/or to transfer 
cash or assets required in connection with any issue, 
repurchase or other redemption of the Notes; or 
 
(f) 
it is impracticable (from a cost, risk or operational 
perspective, or for any other reason) to invest in the 
assets from which the Underlying Debt Securities 
are required to be selected and/or to trade the 
Underlying Debt Securities. 
"Market Value" 
means, in relation to the following assets within the Series 
Holdings:

--- Page 95 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 94 - 
70-40710909 
 
(a) 
in respect of an amount of cash, the amount of such 
cash; 
 
(b) 
in respect of a unit in a money market or other cash 
fund, such unit’s net asset value; and 
 
(c) 
in respect of any other type of security, the bid price, 
closing price, closing mid-market price or any other 
pricing basis (as specified in the Final Terms) of 
such security on the regulated market on which it is 
traded (or where such security is traded on more 
than one regulated market, such regulated market 
that constitutes the main market for such securities 
as determined by the Issuer (or the Administrator on 
its behalf), provided that, where such securities 
were acquired or traded by the Issuer at a premium 
or at a discount outside of trading on or off a 
regulated market or over-the-counter (OTC) market, 
such securities may be valued by the Issuer (or the 
Administrator on its behalf) taking into account the 
value of such premium or discount in determining the 
Market Value of such securities if the adoption of 
such procedure is justifiable in the context of 
establishing the probable realisation value of the 
securities, 
 
in each case in the Series Currency or converted to the 
Series Currency, provided that (i) if prices or values for any 
security in (b) or (c) are unavailable, (ii) if market quotations 
are not readily available for any security in (c), or (iii) the bid 
price, closing price or closing mid-market price or any other 
pricing basis set out in the relevant Final Terms or any 
applicable premium or discount (as the case may be) does 
not, in the opinion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
acting on its behalf), reflect the fair value of the relevant 
security, the Market Value of the relevant security shall be 
valued at its probable realisation value as determined by the 
Issuer (or by the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) or 
by such other competent person or firm appointed by the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) with 
care and in good faith. 
If it is impossible or impracticable to determine the probable 
realisation value of a security or if such valuation is not 
representative of such security’s fair market value in the 
context 
of 
currency, 
marketability 
and 
such 
other 
considerations which are deemed relevant by the Issuer (or 
the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), the Issuer (or 
the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) shall be entitled 
to use (in consultation with the Administrator) other generally 
recognised valuation methods in order to reach a fair market 
valuation of such security.  
"Master Services Agreement" 
means the agreement from time to time between the Issuer, 
the Collateral Manager, the Administrator and Transfer 
Agent, the Custodian and the Registrar relating to the 
provision to the Issuer of administration, custody, 
registration and transfer agency services.

--- Page 96 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 95 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Maturity Date" 
means, in respect of a Series, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Meeting Record Date" 
has the meaning given in Condition 20 (Meetings of 
Noteholders). 
“MiFID II” 
means Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments directive, as amended, and any successor or 
replacement legislation, each as implemented in each 
relevant member state of the European Economic Area from 
time to time. 
"Minimum Redemption 
Amount" 
means, in respect of a Series, an amount equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount Percentage multiplied by the 
Note Nominal Amount, or such other amount as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption 
Amount Percentage" 
means, in respect of a Series, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Modified Following 
Business Day Convention" 
means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is such a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding such Business Day. 
"Mortgaged Property" 
means, in relation to the Notes of a Series, the items 
described in Conditions 5.1 (Security) (a) – (e), as applicable 
for such Series, and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer 
in respect of such Series in any other assets, property, 
income, rights and/or agreements of the Issuer (other than 
the Issuer's share capital and any amounts held in the Profit 
Account(s)) from time to time charged or assigned or 
otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer 
in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Documents, as 
the case may be, in each case securing the Secured 
Payment Obligations for the respective Series and includes, 
where the context permits, any part of that Mortgaged 
Property. 
"Nominal Amount" 
means, in respect of the Notes of a Series, the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding of the Series in the Series 
Currency as at the relevant time.    
"Non-Compliance Event of 
Default" 
means the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one 
or more of its material obligations under the Notes or the 
Trust Documents entered into in relation to the Notes, which 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy is not in the opinion of the 
Trustee remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee 
(and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with 
an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act 
or thing by a particular time).

--- Page 97 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 96 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Non-Disrupted Day" 
means, in respect of a Series, the Series Issue Date and 
each day thereafter that is a Business Day and is not a day 
which falls within a Suspension Period. 
“Note Certificate” 
means a Global Note or an Individual Note Certificate as the 
case may be.  
"Note Nominal Amount" 
means in respect of a Series, the amount in the Series 
Currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.    
"Noteholder" 
has the meaning given in Condition 3.2. 
"Notes" 
means the notes of the relevant Series, and a reference to 
a "Note" shall be to each Individual Note Certificate and 
each Global Note (as applicable).  
"Operational Fee" 
means the fee payable, in respect of each Series, by the 
Issuer to the Collateral Manager pursuant to the provisions 
of the Collateral Management Agreement, accruing daily on 
the Nominal Amount of the relevant Series at a rate equal to 
the pro-rated Operational Fee Rate for the relevant Series. 
"Operational Fee Rate" 
means, in respect of each Series, the annual fee rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Order Entry Facility" 
means each electronic facility which may be used by 
Authorised Participants to submit dealing requests in 
respect of Notes and to obtain information in relation to the 
dealing procedures. 
"Order Entry Operator" 
means each operator of an Order Entry Facility. 
“Original Scheduled 
Redemption Date” 
has the meaning given in Condition 12.15(a). 
“Paying Agency and Account 
Bank Agreement” 
means the agreement from time to time between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent relating to the provision by the Paying 
Agent to the Issuer of paying agency and account bank 
services. 
"Payment Day" 
(a) 
in relation to all Notes: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a 
TARGET Settlement Day; and 
 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Series 
Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Series Currency 
(which if the Series Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, the principal 
financial centre shall be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
 
(b) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a

--- Page 98 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 97 - 
70-40710909 
 
day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
relevant place of presentation. 
"Payment Event of Default" 
means default is made for more than 14 calendar days in 
the payment of any sums due and payable in relation to the 
Notes of the relevant Series, other than where any such 
default occurs during a Suspension Period or as otherwise 
permitted by these Conditions. 
"Per Note Entitlement" 
 
means in relation to any Series and any relevant date, the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Market Value of the relevant Series Holdings; 
plus 
(b) 
the CFTA Value of each Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement of the relevant Series; less 
(c) 
any fees and expenses (including any accrued but 
unpaid Operational Fee) attributable to the relevant 
Series of Notes, 
 
divided by the Nominal Amount of the Series as at such time.  
"Physical Delivery Details" 
has the meaning given in Condition 12.8 (Physical 
Settlement). 
"Preceding Business Day 
Convention" 
means, if any date which is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day for the relevant purpose, then such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding such 
Business Day. 
"principal" 
has the meaning given in Condition 11.5 (Interpretation of 
principal and interest). 
"Proceedings" 
has the meaning given in Condition 25.2 (Jurisdiction). 
"Profit Account" 
means an account opened in connection with a profit or 
rebate received by the Issuer or in connection with the 
administration and management of the Issuer which does 
not form part of the Mortgaged Property in respect of the 
Issuer. 
"Programme" 
means the secured notes programme established by the 
issuer. 
"Qualified Holder" 
means any person, corporation or entity other than:  
(a) 
an investor in the European Economic Area which is 
a ‘retail client’ under MiFID II (or any corresponding 
category of investor in a jurisdiction outside the 
European Economic Area into which the Notes may 
be sold in accordance with the terms of the Base 
Prospectus approved in relation to the Programme

--- Page 99 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 98 - 
70-40710909 
 
and in effect as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of the relevant Series);  
(b) 
a U.S. person as defined under Regulation S;  
(c) 
a Plan Investor;  
(d) 
any other person, corporation or entity to whom a 
sale or transfer of Notes, or in relation to whom the 
holding of Notes (whether directly or indirectly 
affecting such person, and whether taken alone or in 
conjunction with other persons, connected or not, or 
any other circumstances appearing to the Issuer to 
be relevant) (i) would cause the Notes to be required 
to be registered under the Securities Act, (ii) would 
cause the Issuer to become a "controlled foreign 
corporation" within the meaning of the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, (iii) would cause the Issuer 
to have to file periodic reports under Section 13 of 
the Exchange Act, (iv) would cause the assets of the 
Issuer to be deemed to be "plan assets" of a Benefit 
Plan Investor, or (v) would cause the Issuer 
otherwise not to be in compliance with the Securities 
Act, the US Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, Section 4975 of the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, Similar Law or the 
Exchange Act; or  
(e) 
a custodian, nominee, trustee or the estate of any 
person, corporation or entity described in (b) to (d) 
above. 
"Rate of Interest" 
means, in respect of a Series, the rate of interest determined 
in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Rating Threshold 
Percentage" 
means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Record Date" 
in respect of a Series, is (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the date that is three (3) Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date. 
"Redemption Amount" 
means the Early Redemption Amount, Default Redemption 
Amount, Final Maturity Amount, Repurchase Settlement 
Amount or Issuer Call Amount (as applicable). 
"Register" 
means the register of holders of Notes maintained by the 
Registrar for the Issuer. 
"Relevant Clearing System" 
means, in respect of a Series, each Clearing System 
through which such Series of Notes is to be cleared, as 
specified in the Final Terms relating to such Series, and any 
additional Clearing System through which such Series is to 
be cleared from time to time. 
"Relevant Portion" 
has the meaning given in Condition 12.7(a) (Cash 
Settlement of Relevant Redemption Amount).

--- Page 100 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 99 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Relevant Settlement Date" 
means: 
(a) 
in respect of a redemption of any Note in accordance 
with Condition 12.2 (Final Redemption), the Maturity 
Date; 
(b) 
in respect of a redemption of any Note in accordance 
with Condition 12.3 (Early Redemption), the Early 
Redemption Date, or such other date for settlement 
as may be specified by the Issuer in the relevant 
Early Redemption Notice; 
(c) 
in respect of a redemption of any Note in accordance 
with Condition 12.4 (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)), the date specified in the 
relevant Issuer Call Notice; or 
(d) 
in respect of a repurchase of any Note in accordance 
with Condition 12.5 (Repurchase Prior to the 
Maturity Date at the Option of an Authorised 
Participant), (i) the second Business Day following 
the Repurchase Trade Date; or (ii) such other 
Business Day as may be specified or agreed in 
relation to a Series in the Order Entry Facility, 
 
in each case subject to Condition 12.15 (Postponement of 
Settlement during a Suspension Period). 
"Repurchase Cash 
Settlement Amount" 
means, in relation to the Notes to be redeemed (the 
"Relevant Notes"), an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Per Note Entitlement for the Series as at the 
Repurchase Trade Date; and 
(b) 
the Minimum Redemption Amount, applied in 
accordance with and subject to Condition 15 
(Limited Recourse and Non-petition) and (where 
relevant) Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds), 
multiplied by the aggregate principal amount of the Relevant 
Notes, less the Relevant Notes’ pro rata share of any fees, 
costs and expenses attributable to the relevant Series (save 
for any fees, costs and expenses captured in the Per Note 
Entitlement if the Per Note Entitlement is the higher amount) 
and any applicable Duties and Charges. 
"Repurchase Physical 
Settlement Amount" 
means a portion of the Underlying Debt selected by the 
Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) 
together with any cash component, the aggregate value of 
which (as determined by the Issuer or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf, which determination shall be binding 
on the relevant Authorised Participants, Noteholders and 
any other party) shall be as close as possible to the 
Repurchase Cash Settlement Amount (subject to any 
rounding and any specific applicable Duties and Charges). 
"Repurchase Request" 
means a request for the Issuer to repurchase or redeem 
Notes from either an Authorised Participant, such request 
being delivered in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement.

--- Page 101 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 100 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Repurchase Settlement 
Amount"  
means the Repurchase Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Repurchase Physical Settlement Amount, as applicable.  
"Repurchase Trade Date" 
means, subject to any Suspension Period, a Business Day 
on which a Repurchase Request is treated as being 
received from an Authorised Participant by the relevant cut-
off time and determined to be valid and accepted by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
"Reserved Matters" 
shall have the meaning given in the Trust Deed. 
"Scheduled Redemption 
Date" 
means, subject to any Suspension Period, the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Relevant Settlement Date; and 
(b) 
the date of an Event of Default Redemption Notice, 
or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following 
Business Day. 
"Secured Assets" 
means, in connection with a Series of Notes, the Issuer's 
rights, title and/or interests in and to: 
 
(a) 
the Series Holdings for such Series; and  
(b) 
from time to time, any CFTA Collateral held by the 
Issuer for such Series, 
 
including, the rights, title and/or interests in and to any asset 
or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
the benefit of contractual rights) for such Series into which 
any such asset is converted or exchanged or that is issued 
to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Secured 
Assets for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding 
thereof. 
"Secured Creditor" 
means: 
(a) 
each Transaction Party; and 
(b) 
each Noteholder, 
 
in each case in respect of the relevant Series, which is 
entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment Obligations. 
"Secured Payment 
Obligation" 
means any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the relevant Series to: 
(a) 
any Transaction Party under the Trust Documents, 
the Cash Flow Timing Agreement and each Note; 
and/or 
(b) 
each Noteholder under the Trust Documents and 
each Note, 
together with any obligation of the Issuer to make payment 
to the Collateral Manager or any other agent as described in

--- Page 102 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 101 - 
70-40710909 
 
the applicable sub-paragraph of Condition 5 (Transaction 
Security and Priority of Payment). 
"Security Deed" 
means the deed so named entered into prior to the issuance 
of the first Tranche of a Series of Notes, between the Issuer 
and the Trustee. 
"Security Interest" 
means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to 
any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
"Series Currency" 
means, in respect of a Series, the currency specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Series Custody Account" 
has the meaning given in Condition 1.4(c). 
"Series Entitlement" 
means in relation to any Series and any relevant date, the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Market Value of the relevant Series Holdings; 
plus 
(b) 
the CFTA Value of each Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement of the relevant Series; less 
(c) 
any fees and expenses (including any accrued but 
unpaid Operational Fee) attributable to the relevant 
Series of Notes. 
 
"Series Holdings" 
means, in relation to each Series, at any time: 
(a) 
the Underlying Debt for such Series; and 
(b) 
any cash or cash equivalents (other than cash or 
cash equivalents comprising CFTA Collateral and 
cash held in the Profit Account) held by the Issuer 
(or any person on its behalf) in respect of such 
Series. 
"Series Issue Date" 
means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of such Series. 
"Service Provider Non-
Replacement Event" 
means any of the Registrar, the Custodian, the Paying 
Agent, the Administrator, the Collateral Manager, all of the 
Authorised Participants and/or (where applicable) all CFTA 
Counterparties resign or such role is terminated in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Transaction 
Document, and no replacement Collateral Manager, 
Registrar, 
Custodian, 
Paying 
Agent, 
Administrator, 
Collateral Manager and/or at least one Authorised 
Participant and/or (where applicable) at least one CFTA 
Counterparty (as applicable) is appointed within 90 days of 
such resignation or termination and the Issuer in its sole 
discretion determines that such vacancy should constitute a 
Service Provider Non-Replacement Event. 
"Specified Credit Rating" 
means the rating specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 102 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Specified Denomination" 
means, in respect of a Series, the denomination specified as 
such in the Final Terms issued for each Tranche of Notes of 
such Series. 
"specified office" 
means, in relation to a Transaction Party, the office identified 
in respect of such Transaction Party in the relevant 
Transaction Document or any other office notified to 
Noteholders from time to time in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices).  
"sub-unit" 
means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
"Subscription Request" 
means a request by an Authorised Participant for the Issuer 
to issue Notes delivered in accordance with the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
"Subscription Settlement 
Amount" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Subscriptions, 
Redemptions, Calls and Suspensions). 
"Subscription Settlement 
Date"  
means, subject to any Suspension Period: 
(a) 
the second Business Day following the Subscription 
Trade Date; or 
(b) 
such other Business Day as may be specified or 
agreed in relation to a Series in the Order Entry 
Facility. 
"Subscription Trade Date" 
means, subject to any Suspension Period, a Business Day 
on which a Subscription Request is treated as being 
received from an Authorised Participant by the relevant cut-
off time and determined to be valid and accepted and 
processed by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
"Suspension Notice" 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 12.14 
(Determination of Suspension Periods). 
"Suspension Period" 
means any period during which one or more Disruption 
Events has occurred and is continuing and in respect of 
which a Suspension Notice has been given. 
"TARGET2" 
 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system which uses a 
single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" 
means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro. 
"Tax" or "Taxation" 
means all forms of taxation levied by a Tax Authority and all 
penalties, charges, costs and interest relating thereto. 
"Tax Authority" 
means any government, state or municipality or any local, 
state, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
authority, body, or official anywhere in the world competent 
to impose, administer or collect any Taxation or make any

--- Page 104 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 103 - 
70-40710909 
 
decision or ruling on any matter relating to Taxation. 
"Tax Event" 
means if the Issuer determines in its sole discretion that it is, 
or there is a substantial likelihood that it will be: 
(a) 
unable to receive any payment due in respect of any 
Underlying Debt Security in full on the due date 
therefor without a deduction for or on account of any 
withholding tax, back-up withholding or other tax, 
duties or charges of whatsoever nature imposed by 
any authority of any jurisdiction; 
 
(b) 
required to pay any tax, duty or charge of 
whatsoever nature imposed by any authority of any 
jurisdiction in respect of any payment received in 
respect of any Underlying Debt Security; or 
 
(c) 
required to comply with any reporting requirement 
(other than in respect of FATCA) of any authority of 
any jurisdiction in respect of any payment received 
in respect of any Underlying Debt Security, 
in each case where there is no obligation to pay an 
additional amount in relation to such deduction and/or 
payment.  
"Tax Jurisdiction" 
means Ireland or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax. 
"Transaction Documents" 
means, in respect of the Notes, each of the Trust 
Document(s), the Paying Agency and Account Bank 
Agreement, the Collateral Management Agreement, the 
Master Services Agreement, the Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement(s) and any other agreement specified as an 
Additional Transaction Document in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Transaction Party" 
means each party to a Transaction Document other than the 
Issuer and any other person specified as an Additional 
Transaction Party in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Transaction Security" 
means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the security 
constituted by the Trust Documents for such Series of 
Notes. 
"Trust Documents" 
means the Trust Deed and the Security Deed relating to the 
Series of which the Notes form part and, unless the context 
requires otherwise, includes any deed or other document 
executed in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or, as applicable, the Security Deed and expressed to 
be supplemental to the Trust Deed or the Security Deed, as 
applicable. 
"Underlying Debt" 
means the debt securities held from time to time by the 
Issuer (other than debt securities comprising CFTA 
Collateral) in respect of a Series. 
"Underlying Debt Security" 
means, at any time, each debt security forming part of the 
Underlying Debt.

--- Page 105 ---
Definitions 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 104 - 
70-40710909 
 
"US IRS" 
means United States Internal Revenue Service. 
"Valuation Date" 
means, in respect of a redemption of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 12.4 (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), the Business Day specified by 
the Issuer in the relevant notice to Noteholders. 
 
There will appear at the foot of the Conditions endorsed on each Note in definitive form the names 
and specified offices of the Registrar as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
Collateral Criteria 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 105 - 
70-40710909 
 
COLLATERAL CRITERIA 
Where the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) exercises discretion in: 
1. 
the selection and management of Series Holdings; and/or 
2. 
the investment of any CFTA Collateral in accordance with the section titled “CFTA 
Collateral” below, 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall do so within the parameters of the 
Collateral Criteria set out below and with the intention that the projected aggregate interest and 
principal payments of the Series Holdings from time to time at least equal the projected aggregate 
interest and principal amounts due on the Notes from time to time (the "Collateral Intention). 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Intention will be met at any particular time or at all. 
The Series Holdings (taken together with net cashflows under the Cash Flow Transactions) shall 
have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service payments due under 
the Notes for the relevant Series 
Collateral Criteria 
Investment of issuance proceeds in Underlying Debt Securities 
In accordance with the section "Use of Proceeds", to enable the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes of each Series, where the Issuer issues a Tranche of Notes, 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall invest the issuance proceeds in 
accordance with the criteria below. 
The Underlying Debt Securities for each Series will be selected by the Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) at its discretion within the parameters of the Debt Securities Inclusion 
Criteria set out below. 
Substitutions of Underlying Debt Securities 
Each Series will operate a buy and hold strategy for its Underlying Debt Securities with the aim 
of meeting its payment obligations for the Notes and observing its Collateral Intention. However, 
in respect of any Series if, at any time prior to the relevant Maturity Date, delivery of an Early 
Redemption Notice, an Issuer Call Notice, Event of Default Redemption Notice or an Enforcement 
Notice: 
1. 
any of the Underlying Debt Securities ceases to fall within the parameters of the Debt 
Securities Initial Inclusion Criteria of the Debt Securities Inclusion Criteria; 
2. 
the net aggregate value of the Underlying Debt Securities that have ceased to meet 
the Specified Credit Rating or Specified Credit Range (as applicable), as a 
percentage of the Series Entitlement, exceeds the Rating Threshold Percentage (as 
described further in the section titled ‘Rating Threshold’ below); or 
3. 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) determines that circumstances 
(including, without any limitation, any default or corporate action) in relation to an 
Underlying Debt Security, which did not exist on the date that the relevant Underlying 
Debt Security was first included in the Underlying Debt, have arisen or are 
reasonably likely to arise, and are likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to meet the Collateral Intention (whether or not such circumstance would 
result in the Collateral Intention not being met), 
the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may at its discretion sell and/or substitute such 
affected and other Underlying Debt Securities of such Series for one or more alternate securities, 
provided that any such replacement security is within the parameters of the Debt Securities 
Inclusion Criteria.

--- Page 107 ---
Collateral Criteria 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 106 - 
70-40710909 
 
Investment in additional Underlying Debt Securities or cash equivalents 
At any time that the Series Holdings include any cash component, the Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) may at its discretion invest such cash in additional securities within the 
parameters of the Debt Securities Inclusion Criteria or may invest such cash in cash equivalents, 
including liquidity instruments and cash funds, for cash management purposes. The cash funds 
may include money market and other cash funds managed by the Collateral Manager or its 
affiliates. 
Debt Securities Inclusion Criteria 
In selecting the Underlying Debt Securities (including in relation to substitutions), the Collateral 
Manager shall ensure that at the time such securities are initially included in the Series Holdings: 
1. 
notwithstanding that a security may not, at the time of acquisition fall within the 
parameters of the criteria set out in paragraph 2 below (such criteria being the “Debt 
Securities Initial Inclusion Criteria”), such securities are fungible with existing 
Underlying Debt Securities held in the Underlying Debt or will become fungible with 
existing Underlying Debt Securities upon expiry of any distribution constraint 
applicable to such securities; or 
2. 
such securities comply with each of (a) – (i) below (as determined by the Collateral 
Manager): 
(a) 
are debt securities:  
(i) 
traded on a regulated or an equivalent third country market for 
the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation (“PR Recognised 
Markets”); and/or  
(ii) 
traded other than on a PR Recognised Market, which may 
include, without limitation, debt securities traded on a market in 
the UK which prior to the expiry of the Transition Period following 
the UK’s departure from the EU was (but at the time of purchase 
is not) a PR Recognised Market,  
such debt securities being "Eligible Securities"; 
(b) 
such Eligible Securities are denominated in an Eligible Currency; 
(c) 
where "Credit Rating" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
such Eligible Securities are rated by one or more Specified Rating 
Agencies (A) where a Specified Credit Rating is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, no less than such Credit Rating, or (B) where a Specified 
Credit Range is specified in the applicable Final Terms, within the 
applicable range of ratings, (the "Rating Requirement") provided that: 
(i) 
where the Eligible Securities are rated by three or more Specified 
Rating Agencies, the median rating shall be the rating for the 
purposes of determining whether the Eligible Securities meet the 
Rating Requirement; 
(ii) 
where ratings for the Eligible Securities are available from only 
two Specified Rating Agencies, the lower rating shall be the 
rating for the purposes of determining whether the Eligible 
Securities meet the Rating Requirement; 
(iii) 
where a rating for the Eligible Securities is available from only 
one Specified Rating Agency, that rating shall be the rating for 
the purposes of determining whether the Eligible Securities meet 
the Rating Requirement;

--- Page 108 ---
Collateral Criteria 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 107 - 
70-40710909 
 
(iv) 
local currency treasury and hard currency sovereign debt 
securities may be classified using the issuer-level local currency 
and hard currency debt ratings for any or all outstanding debt 
securities of such issuer from one or more Specified Ratings 
Agency (in accordance with the foregoing sub-paragraphs (a) to 
(c)), notwithstanding that ratings may be available for the relevant 
Eligible Securities themselves; and 
(v) 
expected ratings may be used to rate Eligible Securities at the 
point of their issuance; 
(d) 
where "Sector Classification(s)" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, such Eligible Securities are issued by issuers within one or 
more Specified Sector(s); 
(e) 
where "Country" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
such Eligible Securities (or the issuers thereof) shall be from one or more 
Specified Country or Specified Country Grouping; 
(f) 
where "Capital Structure" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Eligible Securities shall be of a Specified Priority; 
(g) 
such Eligible Securities will have a scheduled maturity falling within a 
defined period relative to the Maturity Date of the Notes (the "Specified 
Maturity Window") specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(h) 
where "Embedded Option Exclusion" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, securities which include the Specified Excluded 
Embedded Option(s) shall be excluded (but Eligible Securities may include 
any embedded options other than the Specified Excluded Embedded 
Option(s)). Where "Embedded Option Exclusion" is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Eligible Securities may include 
any (or no) embedded options; and 
(i) 
where "Initial ESG Screen" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, such Eligible Securities (or the issuers of such Eligible Securities, 
as applicable) shall meet the Specified Initial ESG Screen Criteria. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, equivalent third country markets within the definition of 
PR Recognised Markets for the purposes of paragraph 2(a)(i) above include markets within the 
United States of America, Hong Kong and Australia. Should additional markets be recognised by 
ESMA as equivalent third country markets for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, such 
additional markets will be deemed also to be equivalent third country markets within the definition 
of PR Recognised Markets. 
Additional Collateral Guidelines 
Rating Threshold 
Where Rating Threshold is specified as being "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
event that the net aggregate value of the Underlying Debt Securities that have ceased to meet 
the Specified Credit Rating, as a percentage of the Series Entitlement, exceeds the Rating 
Threshold Percentage, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), within three months 
of becoming aware (or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter), shall use reasonable 
endeavours to sell and/or substitute a sufficient portion of such Underlying Debt Securities such 
that the Rating Threshold is no longer exceeded.

--- Page 109 ---
Collateral Criteria 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 108 - 
70-40710909 
 
Exercise of Voting Rights 
The Issuer shall be entitled to exercise (or direct that the Collateral Manager exercise) or refrain 
from exercising any voting rights attaching to any Underlying Debt Security, provided that in 
exercising or refraining from exercising such rights, the Issuer shall act in good faith. 
Amendments to CFTA 
For the avoidance of doubt, and without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
management of the Series Holdings set out herein, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) may, at any time and in its sole discretion, amend, terminate or vary any provision of any 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement (including, without limitation, by using any cash comprising the 
Series Holdings for such purpose). 
CFTA Collateral 
Cash comprising CFTA Collateral may be invested in cash equivalents, including liquidity 
instruments and cash funds. Such cash funds may include money market and other cash funds 
managed by the Collateral Manager or its affiliates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, CFTA Collateral does not form part of the Series Holdings.  However, 
any income in excess of any amount required to be returned to the CFTA Counterparty/ies 
pursuant to the Cash Flow Timing Agreement(s) generated by such investment of the CFTA 
Collateral will form part of the Series Holdings and shall be managed in accordance with the 
Collateral Criteria applicable to the Series Holdings. 
Relevant Definitions 
"Eligible Currency" means each currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Threshold Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Specified Country/ies" means such country or countries as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Specified Country Grouping" means any of the following, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: emerging markets; developed markets. 
"Specified Excluded Embedded Option" means any of the following, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: investor put; investor call; merger put; change of control put; issuer call; make-whole 
redemption; clean-up call. 
"Specified Initial ESG Screen Criteria" means any one or more of the following screens as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, applied to the Eligible Securities of a Series or the issuers 
of such Eligible Securities (as applicable). Further detail in relation to each of these criteria, as 
applied from time to time, are available from the Collateral Manager on request: 
(a) 
Controversial weapons exclusion; 
(b) 
Nuclear weapons exclusion; 
(c) 
Thermal coal exclusion; 
(d) 
Civilian firearms exclusion; 
(e) 
Tobacco exclusion; 
(f) 
Oil sands exclusion; 
(g) 
UN Global Compact principles (non-compliance) exclusion.

--- Page 110 ---
Collateral Criteria 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 109 - 
70-40710909 
 
"Specified Priority" means any one or more of the following, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: secured; senior secured; senior unsecured; subordinated; guaranteed; insured. 
"Specified Rating Agency" means each rating agency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Sector" means any one or more of the following, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: treasury; sovereign, supra-national; government-related; local authority; municipal; 
corporate; industrial; utility; financial institutions; securitised; agency; MBS (mortgage-backed 
security) pass-through; ABS (asset backed security); CMBS (commercial mortgage-backed 
security); covered.

--- Page 111 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes in  
Global Form 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 110 - 
70-40710909 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
Title to Notes 
Notes will be held by the Common Depositary’s Nominee (as registered holder) in registered form. 
Only persons appearing on the register of Noteholders (i.e. the Common Depositary’s Nominee) 
will be a registered Noteholder and treated as the legal title owner in respect of the principal 
amount of the Notes registered in their names. Fractional Notes will not be issued. No temporary 
documents of title or Note certificates will be issued (save as provided below). A trade 
confirmation will be sent by the Administrator to the Authorised Participants. 
Notes may be issued in or converted to dematerialised (or uncertificated) form. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will apply for admission for clearing and settlement through an 
appropriate Clearing System. As the Issuer is an Irish company, the operation of a Clearing 
System in respect of any dematerialised Notes would be governed by the Companies Act 2014 
and the Companies Act, 1990 (Uncertificated Securities) Regulations, 1996. 
Global Clearing and Settlement 
The Notes will not currently be issued in dematerialised (or uncertificated) form and no temporary 
documents of title or note certificates will be issued, other than the Global Note required for the 
International Central Securities Depositories (being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Clearing Systems through which the Notes will be settled). 
The Issuer has applied for admission for clearing and settlement of the Notes through the 
International Central Securities Depositories. The International Central Securities Depositories for 
the Notes currently are Euroclear and Clearstream. All Notes will ultimately settle in an 
International Central Securities Depository, but interests could be held through Central Securities 
Depositories. A Global Note in respect of each Series will be deposited with the Common 
Depositary (being the entity nominated by the International Central Securities Depositories to hold 
the Global Note) and registered in the name of the Common Depositary’s Nominee (being the 
registered holder of the Notes, as nominated by the Common Depositary) on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream and accepted for clearing through Euroclear and Clearstream. Interests in the 
Notes represented by the Global Notes will be transferable in accordance with applicable laws 
and any rules and procedures issued by the International Central Securities Depositories. Legal 
title to the Notes will be held by the Common Depositary’s Nominee. 
Only the Common Depositary’s Nominee will be a registered Noteholder on the Register. A 
purchaser of interests in the Notes will not be a registered Noteholder, but will hold an indirect 
beneficial interest in such Notes and the rights of such investors, where they are accountholders 
in an International Central Securities Depository (“Participants”), shall be governed by their 
agreement with their International Central Securities Depository or, where they are not 
Participants, shall be governed by their arrangement with their respective nominee, broker or 
Central Securities Depository (as appropriate) which may be a Participant or have an 
arrangement with a Participant. All references herein to actions by holders of the Global Note will 
refer to actions taken by the Common Depositary’s Nominee as registered Noteholder following 
instructions from the applicable International Central Securities Depository upon receipt of 
instructions from its Participants. All references herein to distributions, notices, reports, and 
statements to such Noteholder, shall be distributed to the Participants in accordance with such 
applicable International Central Securities Depository’s procedures. 
International Central Securities Depositories 
All Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is held by the Common 
Depositary and registered in the name of the Common Depositary’s Nominee on behalf of an 
International Central Securities Depository. Beneficial interests in such Notes will only be 
transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant 
International Central Securities Depository.

--- Page 112 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes in  
Global Form 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 111 - 
70-40710909 
 
Each Participant must look solely to the relevant International Central Securities Depository for 
documentary evidence as to the amount of its interests in any Notes. Any certificate or other 
document issued by the relevant International Central Securities Depository, as to the amount of 
interests in such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding as 
accurately representing such records. 
Each Participant must look solely to the relevant International Central Securities Depository for 
such Participant’s share of each payment or distribution made by the Issuer to or on the 
instructions of the Common Depositary’s Nominee and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Participants may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the rules and procedures of the relevant 
International Central Securities Depository. Participants shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other person (other than the relevant International Central 
Securities Depository) in respect of payments or distributions due under the Global Note which 
are made by the Issuer to, or on the instructions of, the Common Depositary’s Nominee and such 
obligations of the Issuer shall be discharged thereby. The International Central Securities 
Depositories shall have no claim directly against the Issuer, Paying Agent or any other person 
(other than the Common Depositary). 
The Issuer or its duly authorised agent may from time to time require investors to provide them 
with information relating to: (a) the capacity in which they hold an interest in Notes; (b) the identity 
of any other person or persons then or previously interested in such Notes; (c) the nature of any 
such interests; and (d) any other matter where disclosure of such matter is required to enable 
compliance by the Issuer with applicable laws or the constitutional documents of the Issuer. 
The Issuer or its duly authorised agent may from time to time request that the applicable 
International Central Securities Depository provide the Issuer with certain details in relation to 
Participants that hold interests in Notes including (but not limited to): ISIN, ICSD Participant name, 
ICSD Participant type – e.g. fund/bank/individual, residence of ICSD Participants, and holdings 
of the Participant within Euroclear and Clearstream, as appropriate, including the number of 
interests in the Notes held by each such Participant (and of which Series), and details of any 
voting instructions given by each such Participant. Participants which are holders of interests in 
Notes or intermediaries acting on behalf of such holders agree, pursuant to the respective rules 
and procedures of the International Central Securities Depositories, to the International Central 
Securities Depositories disclosing such information to the Issuer or its duly authorised agent. 
Similarly, the Issuer or its duly authorised agent may from time to time request that any Central 
Securities Depository provide the Issuer with details in relation to Notes or interests in Notes held 
in each Central Securities Depository and details in relation to the holders of those Notes or 
interests in Notes, including (without limitation) holder types, residence, number and types of 
holdings and details of any voting instructions given by each holder. Holders of Notes and 
interests in Notes in a Central Securities Depository or intermediaries acting on behalf of such 
holders agree, pursuant to the respective rules and procedures of the relevant Central Securities 
Depository, to the Central Securities Depository disclosing such information to the Issuer or its 
duly authorised agent. 
Investors may be required to provide promptly any information as required and requested by the 
Issuer or its duly authorised agent, and agree to the applicable International Central Securities 
Depository providing the identity of such Participant or investor to the Issuer or its duly authorised 
agent upon request. 
Notices of general meetings and associated documentation will be issued by the Issuer to the 
registered holder of the Global Note, the Common Depositary’s Nominee. Each Participant must 
look solely to the relevant International Central Securities Depository and the rules and 
procedures for the time being of the relevant International Central Securities Depository governing 
delivery of such notices and exercise of voting rights. For investors other than Participants, 
delivery of notices and exercise of voting rights shall be governed by the arrangements with a 
Participant of the International Central Securities Depository (for example, their nominee, broker 
or Central Securities Depositories, as appropriate).

--- Page 113 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes in  
Global Form 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 112 - 
70-40710909 
 
Exercise of Voting Rights through the International Central Securities Depositories 
The Common Depositary’s Nominee has a contractual obligation to promptly notify the Common 
Depositary of any Noteholder meetings of the Issuer and to relay any associated documentation 
issued by the Issuer to the Common Depositary, which, in turn, has a contractual obligation to 
relay any such notices and documentation to the relevant International Central Securities 
Depository. Each International Central Securities Depository will, in turn, relay notices received 
from the Common Depositary to its Participants in accordance with its rules and procedures. The 
Issuer understands that, in accordance with their respective rules and procedures, each 
International Central Securities Depository is contractually bound to collate and transfer all votes 
received from its Participants to the Common Depositary and the Common Depositary is, in turn, 
contractually bound to collate and transfer all votes received from each International Central 
Securities Depository to the Common Depositary’s Nominee, which is obliged to vote in 
accordance with the Common Depositary’s voting instructions. Investors who are not Participants 
in a relevant International Central Securities Depository would need to rely on their broker, 
nominee, custodian bank or other intermediary which is a Participant, or which has an 
arrangement with a Participant, in the relevant International Central Securities Depository to 
receive any notices of Noteholder meetings of the Issuer and to relay their voting instructions to 
the relevant International Central Securities Depository. 
Receipt of Payments through the International Central Securities Depositories 
Payments of the Final Maturity Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount, 
Issuer Call Amount and Interest from the Issuer to holders of Notes will be made via the Paying 
Agent to the relevant International Central Securities Depository. Timings in respect of such 
payments which are specified by the Issuer in the Conditions (or otherwise) apply to such 
payments to the relevant International Central Securities Depository. The relevant International 
Central Securities Depository will in turn pass on such payments to its relevant Participants. 
Investors who are not Participants in a relevant International Central Securities Depository would 
need to arrange with their broker, nominee, custodian bank or other intermediary which is a 
Participant, or which has an arrangement with a Participant, in a relevant International Central 
Securities Depository to receive such payments and payment receipt timing may be impacted by 
the operational process of their broker, nominee, custodian bank or other intermediary. 
Anti-money laundering identification 
The Administrator, the Order Entry Operator, the Collateral Manager and/ or Issuer reserves the 
right to request further details from each Authorised Participant and the Common Depositary’s 
Nominee in order to verify their respective identities. Any such party must notify the Administrator 
of any change in their details and furnish the Issuer with whatever additional documents relating 
to such change as it may request. Amendments to a party’s registration details and payment 
instructions will only be effected upon receipt by the Administrator of original documentation. 
Failure to provide requested information or notify the Administrator or the Issuer of any change in 
details may result in a request for subscription or repurchase of Notes by such party not being 
accepted or processed until such time as satisfactory verification of identity is received. 
Measures aimed at the prevention of money laundering may require an applicant to provide 
verification of identity to the Issuer. This obligation arises unless (i) the application is being made 
through a recognised financial intermediary; or (ii) payment is made through a banking institution, 
which in either case is in a country with money laundering regulations equivalent to those in 
Ireland. 
The Issuer and/or the Administrator will specify what proof of identity is required, including but not 
limited to a passport or identification card duly certified by a public authority such as a notary 
public, the police or the ambassador in their country of residence, together with evidence of the 
applicant’s address, such as a utility bill or bank statement. In the case of corporate applicants, 
this may require production of a certified copy of the certificate of incorporation (and any change 
of name), by-laws, memorandum and articles of association (or equivalent), and the names and 
addresses of all directors and beneficial owners.

--- Page 114 ---
Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes in  
Global Form 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 113 - 
70-40710909 
 
It is further acknowledged that the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Order Entry Operator and 
the Administrator shall be indemnified by the Authorised Participant applicant against any loss 
arising as a result of a failure to process the subscription if information that has been requested 
by the Issuer has not been provided by the applicant.

--- Page 115 ---
Dealing Procedures 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 114 - 
70-40710909 
 
DEALING PROCEDURES 
PROCEDURE FOR DEALING ON THE PRIMARY MARKET 
The Primary Market is the market on which Notes are issued or repurchased by the Issuer at the 
request of Authorised Participants. Only Authorised Participants are able to effect subscriptions 
and repurchases of Notes on the Primary Market. 
Applicants wishing to become Authorised Participants should contact the Collateral Manager or 
the Order Entry Operator for further details. The Issuer has absolute discretion to accept or reject 
any application, and to revoke any authorisation, to act as an Authorised Participant. The 
Common Depositary’s Nominee, acting as the registered holder of Notes, may not apply to 
become an Authorised Participant. 
Authorised Participants may submit dealing requests to the Issuer to subscribe for Notes and may 
submit dealing requests to the Issuer to request that the Issuer repurchases Notes from such 
Authorised Participants through the Order Entry Facility. The use of the Order Entry Facility is 
subject to the prior consent of the Order Entry Operator and the Administrator. Requests for 
subscriptions and repurchases placed electronically are subject to the dealing request cut off 
times stated in the Order Entry Facility.  Authorised Participants may also request such request 
cut off times from the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the issuer). Alternative dealing 
methods are available with the consent of the Collateral Manager. 
All dealing applications are at the Authorised Participant’s own risk. Dealing requests, once 
submitted, shall (save as determined by the Collateral Manager or the Order Entry Operator at its 
discretion) be irrevocable. The Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Order Entry Operator and the 
Administrator shall not be responsible for any losses arising in the transmission of any information 
or dealing request through the Order Entry Facility or any alternative dealing method approved 
by the Collateral Manager or the Order Entry Operator. Amendments to registration details and 
payment instructions will only be effected upon receipt by the Issuer of the relevant original 
documentation. 
Authorised Participants are responsible for ensuring that they are able to satisfy their subscription 
and repurchase settlement obligations when submitting dealing requests on the Primary Market. 
Authorised Participants making Repurchase Requests must first ensure that they have a sufficient 
holding of Notes available for repurchase (which holding in the required number or Nominal 
Amount of Notes must be delivered to the Administrator for settlement in the relevant International 
Central Securities Depository by the relevant settlement date). Repurchase requests will be 
processed only where the payment is to be made to the Authorised Participant’s account of 
record. 
Dealings in Kind, in Cash and Directed Cash Dealings 
Requests for subscriptions and repurchases of Notes may be made by Authorised Participants 
on each Business Day as set out in the dealing calendar for the relevant Series. Dealing calendars 
may be obtained from the Administrator. 
The Issuer has absolute discretion to accept or reject in whole or in part any request for 
subscription of Notes (including switching) without assigning any reason therefor. The Issuer also 
has absolute discretion to reject or cancel in whole or in part any subscription for Notes (including 
switching) prior to the issue of Notes. 
The Issuer may accept subscriptions and pay for repurchases either in kind or in cash or in a 
combination of both. The Issuer may determine whether to accept subscriptions in kind and/or in 
cash (including directed cash dealings) at its absolute discretion. The Issuer has the right to 
determine whether it will accept only requests for repurchases from an Authorised Participant that 
are settled by delivery of Eligible Debt Instruments and/or in cash (including directed cash 
dealings) on a case by case basis. 
Notes may be subscribed at the relevant Subscription Settlement Amount. Notes may be 
repurchased at the relevant Repurchase Settlement Amount. The Issuer may charge such sum 
as the Collateral Manager considers represents an appropriate figure for Duties and Charges.

--- Page 116 ---
Dealing Procedures 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 115 - 
70-40710909 
 
The level and basis of calculating Duties and Charges may also be varied depending on the size 
of the relevant dealing request and the costs relating to, or associated with, the primary market 
transactions and adjustments to the CFTAs. 
In some cases, the level of Duties and Charges must be determined in advance of the completion 
of the actual purchase or sale of Series Holdings and/or amendment of the Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement by or on behalf of the Issuer and the subscription or repurchase price may be based 
on estimated Duties and Charges (which could be based on historic information concerning the 
costs incurred or expected costs in trading the relevant securities in the relevant markets and/or 
in amending the Cash Flow Timing Agreement(s)). Where the sum representing the subscription 
or repurchase price is based on estimated Duties and Charges, and such estimated Duties and 
Charges differ from the costs actually incurred when acquiring or disposing of Eligible Debt 
Instruments or Series Holdings, as applicable and/or in amending the Cash Flow Timing 
Agreement(s) as a result of a Subscription or Repurchase Request in respect of a Series, the 
Authorised Participant shall reimburse the Issuer for any shortfall in the sum paid to the Issuer 
(on a subscription) or any excess sum received from the Issuer (on a repurchase), and the Issuer 
shall reimburse the Authorised Participant for any excess received by the Issuer (on a 
subscription) or any shortfall paid by the Issuer (on a repurchase), as the case may be. Authorised 
Participants should note that no interest will accrue or be payable on any amount reimbursed, or 
to be reimbursed, by or on behalf of the Issuer. In order to protect the holders of Notes, the Issuer 
(and the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) reserves the right to factor into the estimated 
Duties and Charges a buffer to protect the Issuer (on behalf of the relevant Series) from potential 
market and, where applicable, foreign exchange exposure pending the payment of the actual 
Duties and Charges. Any amounts received or paid by the Issuer in accordance with the foregoing 
shall be deemed to be received or paid on behalf of and for the account of the relevant Series. 
Dealing orders from Authorised Participants are required to constitute a Specified Denomination, 
and also the minimum order size determined by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf) and set out in the Order Entry Facility. Such minimum order size may be reduced or 
increased at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), subject to the 
minimum Specified Denomination being satisfied for Subscription Requests. Authorised 
Participants should refer to the Order Entry Facility for details of minimum order sizes and cut-off 
times for each Series. Details of the dealing cut-off times for primary market orders are also 
available from the Administrator. 
Applications received after relevant cut-off times will generally not be accepted. However, such 
applications may be accepted for dealing on the relevant Business Day, at the discretion of the 
Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, in exceptional circumstances, provided they are 
received prior to the relevant valuation point. Settlement of the transfer of the relevant Series 
Holdings or Eligible Debt Instruments and/or cash payments in respect of subscriptions and 
repurchase must take place within a prescribed number of Business Days after the relevant 
Subscription Trade Date or Repurchase Trade Date, as applicable (or such earlier time as the 
Issuer or Collateral Manager may determine in consultation with the Authorised Participant). 
Authorised Participants should refer to the Order Entry Facility for details of the maximum and 
minimum settlement times in respect of subscriptions and repurchase. If a significant market is 
closed for trading or settlement on any Business Day during the period between the relevant 
Business Day and the expected settlement date (inclusive), and/or settlement in the Series 
Currency of the relevant Series is not available on the expected settlement date, there may be 
corresponding delays to the settlement times. 
The Issuer may in its sole discretion elect to settle any Repurchase Request by way of a 
repurchase in kind or in cash. Where a repurchase is to be settled in kind the Issuer will, if 
requested by the relevant Authorised Participant, sell the assets comprising the Repurchase 
Physical Settlement Amount on behalf of the Authorised Participant. The cost of such sale(s) may 
be charged to the Authorised Participant. 
Physical settlement of subscriptions and repurchases 
Notes may be subscribed for and/or repurchased in exchange for physical assets.

--- Page 117 ---
Dealing Procedures 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 116 - 
70-40710909 
 
Authorised Participants subscribing for Notes in exchange for physical assets would need to 
deliver a basket of Eligible Debt Instruments and a cash component (both as determined by the 
Collateral Manager based on the underlying collateral held, and to be held, in respect of the 
relevant Series) to the Issuer as part of its settlement obligations. 
In the event that an Authorised Participant fails to deliver, or delays in delivering, one or more of 
the specified Eligible Debt Instruments by the relevant Subscription Settlement Date, the Issuer 
may (but shall not be obliged to) require the Authorised Participant to pay to it a sum equal to the 
value of such Eligible Debt Instruments (including any increase in the price of such securities 
since the Subscription Settlement Date) plus any Duties and Charges associated with the 
purchase by the Issuer of such Eligible Debt Instruments, including any foreign exchange costs 
(where applicable) and other fees, and/or costs incurred as a result of the delay. 
Authorised Participants requesting a repurchase of Notes that will be settled in kind would receive 
their repurchase proceeds in the form of Series Holdings and, if relevant, a cash component, as 
determined by the Collateral Manager based on the underlying assets of the relevant Series. 
Directed Cash Dealings 
If any Authorised Participant making a cash Subscription or Repurchase Request wishes to have 
any underlying securities traded with a particular designated broker (i.e. a directed cash 
subscription or repurchase), the Authorised Participant will be required to specify the designated 
broker in its dealing request. The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) has absolute 
discretion whether to accept such directed cash dealing request.  If it accepts such directed cash 
dealing request, it will use reasonable endeavours to transact the underlying securities with the 
designated broker (save in exceptional market circumstances), subject to the designated broker 
and its sub-brokers being acceptable to the Collateral Manager and being able to transact the 
underlying securities. Authorised Participants that wish to select a designated broker are required, 
prior to the Collateral Manager transacting the underlying securities, to contact the relevant 
portfolio trading desk of the designated broker to arrange the trade and to agree pricing and other 
terms of the trade. 
As part of the Authorised Participant’s settlement obligations for a directed cash subscription, the 
Authorised Participant would be responsible for (i) ensuring that the designated broker transfers 
to the Issuer (via the Custodian) the relevant underlying securities, and (ii) paying the fees and 
costs charged by the designated broker for selling the relevant underlying securities to the Issuer 
plus any associated Duties and Charges, including foreign exchange costs (where applicable), to 
reflect the cost of execution. 
The Authorised Participant is responsible for ensuring that the designated broker purchases the 
relevant underlying securities from the Issuer for a directed cash repurchase. The Authorised 
Participant will receive the price paid by the designated broker for purchasing the relevant 
underlying securities from the Issuer, less any associated Duties and Charges, including foreign 
exchange costs, to reflect the cost of execution. 
The Issuer, the Collateral Manager and any other Transaction Parties will not be responsible, and 
shall have no liability, if the execution of the underlying securities with a designated broker and, 
by extension, an Authorised Participant’s Subscription or Repurchase Request, is not carried out 
due to an omission, error, failed or delayed trade or settlement on the part of the Authorised 
Participant or the designated broker. It is the responsibility of the Authorised Participant to arrange 
the trade and agree the pricing and other terms of the trade with its selected designated broker 
and the Issuer, the Collateral Manager and other Transaction Parties will not accept any 
responsibility or liability if the execution request is not achieved in the way desired by the 
Authorised Participant for any reason whatsoever. Should an Authorised Participant or the 
designated broker to which the Authorised Participant directed the underlying securities 
transaction default on, delay settlement of, or change the terms of, any part of the underlying 
securities transaction, the Authorised Participant shall bear all associated risks and costs, 
including costs incurred by the Issuer and/or the Collateral Manager and/or any other Transaction 
Party as a result of the delay to the underlying securities transaction. In such circumstances, the 
Issuer and the Collateral Manager have the right to transact with another broker and to amend 
the terms of the Authorised Participant’s Subscription or Repurchase Request, including the

--- Page 118 ---
Dealing Procedures 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 117 - 
70-40710909 
 
subscription price and/or repurchase proceeds, to take into account the default, delay and/or the 
change to the terms. 
Clearing and Settlement 
Authorised Participants’ title and rights relating to Notes will be determined by the clearance 
system through which they settle and/or clear their holdings. Notes will settle through the relevant 
International Central Securities Depositories and the Common Depositary’s Nominee will act as 
the registered holder of all such Notes. For further details, see the section "Global Clearing and 
Settlement" below. 
Failure to Deliver 
In the event that (i) in respect of an in kind dealing resulting in a creation, an Authorised Participant 
fails to deliver the required Eligible Debt Instruments and cash component, or (ii) in relation to a 
cash creation, an Authorised Participant fails to deliver the required cash, or (iii) in respect of a 
directed cash dealing resulting in a creation, an Authorised Participant fails to deliver the required 
cash or its designated broker fails to deliver the underlying Eligible Debt Instruments, within the 
stated settlement times for the relevant Series (available on the Order Entry Facility) the Issuer 
and/or Collateral Manager reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to cancel the relevant 
subscription request. The Authorised Participant shall indemnify the Issuer for any loss suffered 
by the Issuer as a result of a failure or delay by the Authorised Participant to deliver the required 
Eligible Debt Instruments and cash component or cash and, for directed cash dealings resulting 
in creations, any loss suffered by the Issuer as a result of a failure by the designated broker to 
deliver the required underlying Eligible Debt Instruments, within the stated settlement times, 
including (but not limited to) any market exposure, interest charges and other costs suffered by 
the Issuer. The Issuer reserves the right to cancel the provisional allotment of the relevant Notes 
in those circumstances. 
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may in its sole discretion where it believes it 
is in the best interests of a Series, decide not to cancel a subscription and provisional allotment 
of Notes where an Authorised Participant has failed to deliver the required Eligible Debt 
Instruments and cash component or cash and/or, for directed cash subscriptions, the designated 
broker has failed to deliver the required underlying Eligible Debt Instruments, within the stated 
settlement times. The Issuer may temporarily borrow an amount equal to the subscription and 
invest the amount borrowed in accordance with the Collateral Criteria and Collateral Intention of 
the relevant Series. Once the required Eligible Debt Instruments and cash component or cash 
have been received, the Issuer will use this to repay the borrowings. The Issuer reserves the right 
to charge the relevant Authorised Participant for any interest or other costs incurred by the Issuer 
as a result of this borrowing. Where a designated broker under a directed cash subscription fails 
or delays in delivering the required underlying securities, the Issuer and its Collateral Manager 
has a right to transact with a different broker and to charge the relevant Authorised Participant for 
any interest or other costs incurred by the Issuer relating to the failed and new transactions. If the 
Authorised Participant fails to reimburse the Issuer for those charges, the Issuer and/or Collateral 
Manager will have the right to sell all or part of the applicant’s holdings of Notes (of any Series) 
in order to meet those charges. 
A Repurchase Request by an Authorised Participant will only be valid if the Authorised Participant 
satisfies its settlement obligation to deliver holdings in the required number or Nominal Amount 
of Notes to the Administrator for settlement in the relevant International Central Securities 
Depository by the relevant settlement date. In the event an Authorised Participant fails to deliver 
the required Notes in relation to a Repurchase Request within the stated settlement times for the 
relevant Series (available on the Order Entry Facility), the Issuer and/or Collateral Manager 
reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to treat this as a settlement failure by the Authorised 
Participant and to cancel the relevant Repurchase Request, and the Authorised Participant shall 
indemnify the Issuer for any loss suffered by the Issuer as a result of a failure by the Authorised 
Participant to deliver the required Notes in a timely fashion, including (but not limited to) any 
market exposure and costs suffered by the Issuer. 
If an Authorised Participant makes a Repurchase Request that is due to settle on or prior to a 
Record Date for distribution of interest by the Issuer for the relevant Series of Notes and

--- Page 119 ---
Dealing Procedures 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 118 - 
70-40710909 
 
settlement of such Repurchase Request fails or is delayed for any reason (including due to a 
failure or delay by the Authorised Participant to deliver the Notes to the Issuer on time) until after 
the relevant Record Date, there will be a delay in the Authorised Participant receiving the interest 
component of the repurchase proceeds until after the payment date for the Interest. The Issuer, 
the Transaction Parties and the Order Entry Operator shall not be responsible for such delayed 
payment nor liable to the Authorised Participant for any interest or other costs relating to such 
delayed payment. 
In the event that an Authorised Participant is liable to reimburse the Issuer in respect of Duties 
and Charges (e.g. for any shortfall in the sum paid to the Issuer on a subscription or any excess 
repurchase proceeds received from the Issuer on a Repurchase Request), the Issuer reserves 
the right to charge the relevant Authorised Participant for any interest or other costs incurred by 
the Issuer as a result of the Authorised Participant’s failure to reimburse the Issuer in a timely 
manner after receiving notice of the sum payable. 
PROCEDURE FOR DEALING ON THE SECONDARY MARKET 
Notes may be purchased or sold OTC on the secondary market by investors which are Qualified 
Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the sub-section “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors” in the section “Subscription and Sale” of this Prospectus, the Notes 
may not be offered or sold to retail investors.  
All investors wishing to purchase or sell Notes on the secondary market should place their orders 
via their broker. Orders to purchase Notes in the secondary market may incur brokerage and/or 
other costs which are not charged by the Issuer and over which the Issuer and the Collateral 
Manager have no control. Information on such charges can be obtained from stockbrokers. 
Notes cannot be sold directly back to the Issuer by investors who are not Authorised Participants. 
Investors who are not Authorised Participants must buy and sell Notes on a secondary market 
with the assistance of an intermediary (e.g. a broker) and may incur fees and additional taxes in 
doing so. Investors may have their Notes repurchased through an Authorised Participant by 
selling their Notes to the Authorised Participant (directly or through a broker). 
The price of any Notes traded on the secondary market will be determined by the market and 
prevailing economic conditions which may affect the value of the underlying assets. The market 
price of Notes may not reflect the Per Note Entitlement for the relevant Series. 
The secondary market dealing timetable depends upon the terms of the OTC trade or, where 
applicable, the rules of any exchange upon which the Notes are traded. Please contact your 
professional advisor or broker for details of the relevant dealing timetable.

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 119 - 
70-40710909 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Development 
The Issuer was incorporated on 17 June 2019 as iShares Notes plc and subsequently changed 
its name to Diversified Notes plc on 9 December 2019. The Issuer is a public limited company in 
Ireland under the Irish Companies Act 2014 with registration number 651932.  The Issuer's 
registered office is at 1st Floor, 2 Ballsbridge Park, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04 YW83, Ireland and 
the telephone number of its registered office is +353 (01) 2467000. 
A website maintained on behalf of the Issuer can be found at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE. The 
information on the site does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset 
backed securities. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300HCLAFWZXP34F91. 
Share capital 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €100,000 divided into 100,000 ordinary shares of €1 
each, of which €25,000 divided into 25,000 ordinary shares of €1 each has been issued.  
Ownership of the Issuer 
All of the issued shares are fully-paid up and are held by or to the order of Sanne Nominees 
Ireland Limited (the "Share Trustee"), under the terms of a declaration of trust (the "Declaration 
of Trust") dated 23 April 2020 pursuant to which the Share Trustee holds such shares on trust 
for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit 
(other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares of the Issuer. 
Assets and liabilities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has an issued and fully paid-up share capital of 
€25,000. Other than subscription monies received in respect of the issued share capital (to the extent 
not applied in discharge of certain establishment expenses of the Issuer), the Issuer has, and will 
have, no assets other than in respect of a Series of Notes, any right, property, sums or other assets 
on which such Series of Notes issued under the Programme are secured. 
Notes issued by the Issuer are obligations of the Issuer alone and are not obligations of or 
guaranteed by any other person. 
Fees payable by the Issuer 
An Operational Fee is payable by the Issuer to the Collateral Manager in respect of each Series 
under the Collateral Management Agreement. The Collateral Manager will discharge all 
operational expenses of each Series out of the Operational Fee, including the fees and expenses 
of the Administrator, Custodian, Registrar, Transfer Agent, Paying Agent, Company Secretary 
and directors of the Issuer. Such operational expenses include audit fees and the ongoing fees 
payable to the CFTA Counterparties under the CFTAs, but exclude any fees or expenses that 
may be payable as Duties and Charges by Authorised Participants, other fees payable to the 
CFTA Counterparties (including costs (if any) of moving CFTA arrangements from one CFTA 
Counterparty to another), transaction costs and taxes, (if relevant) indemnities payable to 
counterparties in certain circumstances and (if relevant) any extraordinary legal expenses (for 
example costs of class actions and other litigation if they arise).  The foregoing is without prejudice 
to the application of Condition 5.2 (Application of Proceeds) in the event it is triggered. 
The Operational Fee is accrued daily by applying the pro-rated Operational Fee Rate for the 
relevant Series to the then current Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 120 - 
70-40710909 
 
The Operational Fee Rate may be varied by the Issuer on the request of the Collateral Manager 
from time to time, provided that no increase in the Operational Fee Rate in respect of a Series 
will take effect unless Noteholders of such Series have been given at least 30 calendar days’ prior 
notice. 
The Operational Fee Rate in respect of each Series is set out in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Operational Fee Rate and any proposed change to the Operational Fee Rate can also be found 
on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE. 
Apart from the Operational Fee, the Issuer will also be responsible for paying, in respect of each 
Series, the following fees and expenses (to the extent such fees and expenses are not related to 
Subscription Or Repurchase Requests by Authorised Participants and are therefore not payable 
as Duties and Charges by Authorised Participants): transaction costs and taxes, fees payable to 
the CFTA Counterparties that are not payable out of the Operational Fee or as Duties and 
Charges (including costs (if any) of moving CFTA arrangements from one CFTA Counterparty to 
another), (if relevant) indemnities payable to counterparties in certain circumstances and (if 
relevant) any extraordinary legal expenses relating to the Series (for example costs of class 
actions and other litigation). On a termination of a Series at maturity and prior to maturity, the 
realisation proceeds in respect of such Series will be applied in accordance with Condition 5.2 
(Application of Proceeds). 
Borrowings 
It is not the intention of the Issuer to leverage any Series of Notes, although the Issuer may draw 
down on overdrafts for short term cashflow purposes.  The CFTAs may give rise to leverage from 
time to time if there are defaults or corporate actions that reduce the cashflows from the 
Underlying Debt Securities. 
Capitalisation 
Shareholders' funds 
The Issuer has an authorised share capital of €100,000 divided into 100,000 ordinary shares of 
€1 each, of which 25,000 have been issued and fully paid up.  
Management and supervisory bodies 
The Issuer is managed by its board of directors. The articles of association of the Issuer provide 
that a majority of the directors on the board of the Issuer may not be directors, officers or 
employees of the Collateral Manager and its affiliates. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Kevin O’Brien (Irish): Mr O'Brien graduated from University College Cork (The National 
University of Ireland) with an Honours degree in Commerce. He joined Coopers & Lybrand (now 
PricewaterhouseCoopers) where he qualified as a Chartered Accountant. He joined Lifetime 
Assurance (the bancassurance subsidiary of the Bank of Ireland Group) as a Senior Financial 
Accountant, before being appointed Operations Manager and subsequently Managing Director of 
the Bank of Ireland’s general insurance business. He joined Bank of Ireland Asset Management 
in 2000, where he held a number of senior roles including Director - Wholesale Funds and Director 
- Business Strategy. In 2009 he completed a Certificate and a Diploma in Company Direction and 
was admitted by the Institute of Directors as a Chartered Director in 2013. He now works as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director within the investment funds sector. Through his portfolio of 
directorships he has exposure to fund services providers, the equity, fixed income, credit, precious 
metal, derivative, private equity and hedge fund markets. 
Lynda Carroll (Irish): Ms Carroll is a graduate of University College Dublin with an Honours 
Master of Arts degree. She joined KPMG where she qualified as a Chartered Accountant and 
Chartered Tax Advisor. She has over 30 years' experience in financial services at Board and 
Senior Executive level in the private and public sector. She joined the Rabobank group in 1994 
in Structured Finance and finished with the group as Managing Director of De Lage Landen 
Ireland (part of the global vendor financing arm of Rabobank group) and Vice President Global

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 121 - 
70-40710909 
 
Structured Finance Europe. In 2012 she joined the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) and was lead 
CBI prudential supervisor of one of Ireland's pillar banks. From 2016 to 2019 she was Head of 
Capital Allocation & Risk Based Pricing at Allied Irish Banks plc. She holds a Chartered 
Accountants Ireland Diploma in International Financial Reporting Standards (2008) and the UCD 
Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School Professional Diploma in Corporate Governance 
(2016). She now works as an Independent Non-Executive Director in the financial services, state 
and voluntary sector. She is a member of the Board of Governors and Guardians of the National 
Gallery of Ireland (November 2016), a member of the Board of Dublin Bus (April 2019), The Ark 
Children’s Cultural Centre Company (December 2019), UniCredit Bank Ireland plc (February 
2020), NBC Global Finance Limited (April 2020) and of European Movement Ireland (December 
2020). 
Barry O’Dwyer (Irish): Mr O’Dwyer is a Managing Director at BlackRock. He is the Head of Funds 
Governance for BlackRock in EMEA and serves as a director on a number of BlackRock 
corporate, fund, and management companies in Ireland, Luxembourg, Switzerland and Germany 
and on BlackRock’s UK Life company. He was the chairman of the Irish Funds Industry 
Association 2014-2015 and was a member of An Taoiseach’s Financial Services Industry 
Advisory Committee 2015-2018. He is a board director of Financial Services Ireland and the Irish 
Association of Investment Managers. Mr O’Dwyer joined BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited in 
1999 as head of risk management and moved to his present role in 2006. Prior to joining 
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited, Mr O’Dwyer worked as risk manager at Gartmore Investment 
Management and at HypoVereinsbank and National Westminster Bank. Mr O’Dwyer graduated 
from Trinity College Dublin with a degree in Business Studies and Economics in 1991. He holds 
a Chartered Association of Certified Accountants qualification and an MBA from London City 
University Business School. 
The business address of the Directors is the same as the registered office of the Issuer. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Mr O’Dwyer is an employee of BlackRock and consequently 
is connected with the Collateral Manager and its affiliates (but is not employed by the Collateral 
Manager). While he will comply with his regulatory obligation to disclose any potential conflict of 
interest between his role as Director to the Issuer and as an employee of BlackRock, he shall not 
be liable to account to the Issuer in respect of such conflict, for example, as a result of receiving 
remuneration as an employee of BlackRock.  
Company Secretary 
Sanne Corporate Administration Services Ireland Limited, a company incorporated under the laws 
of Ireland, having its registered office at 4th Floor, 76 Lower Baggot Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, has 
been appointed as company secretary and corporate services provider of the Issuer (the 
"Company Secretary"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement that has been entered into between 
the Company Secretary and the Issuer, the Company Secretary provides company secretarial 
and corporate services to the Issuer. In consideration for the foregoing, the Company Secretary 
will receive various fees payable to it by or on behalf of the Issuer at rates agreed upon from time 
to time. 
The appointment of the Company Secretary may be terminated by either the Issuer or the 
Company Secretary upon not less than three calendar months prior written notice. 
Financial statements 
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 1 July of each year and ends on 30 June of the following 
year. 
The Issuer will publish annual financial statements for each financial year. The Issuer is not 
required to and does not prepare interim financial statements.  
The first audited financial statements of the Company, for the period from incorporation to 30 June 
2020, 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
maintained 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE and are available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 122 - 
70-40710909 
 
during normal business hours. There has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial statements.  
Statutory auditors 
The approved statutory auditor(s) of the Issuer are Ernst and Young, Chartered Accountants, a 
partnership under the laws of Ireland, with registered office at Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Street, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, registered with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Litigation 
There are no, and have not been any, governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent 
past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set 
out in the Trust Deed applicable to such series of Notes. 
Such restrictions include that the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, as applicable, will not, without 
the prior consent in writing of the Trustee (which the Trustee may give if it is of the opinion that to 
give consent would not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) except as 
provided for or contemplated in the Conditions or any Transaction Document: 
(a) 
engage in any business activities or enter into any agreements, save that the Issuer may 
without consent engage in any of the following activities (or any other business activity 
which relates to or is incidental thereto):   
(i) 
enter into or amend (including for the avoidance of doubt by way of supplement 
or replacement) the Transaction Documents and any other document 
contemplated by or ancillary to the Transaction Documents, provided always that 
agreements signed by the Issuer contain provisions that limit the recourse of any 
counterparty to the Mortgaged Property of the Series to which the agreement 
relates and contain “non-petition” language substantially similar to that contained 
in the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
issue, amend, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all or some 
only of the Notes of any Series under the Programme as may be provided in the 
Conditions and the Trust Deed and the relevant Transaction Documents 
(iii) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Mortgaged 
Property for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme so as to enable it to 
discharge its obligations under such Series and any relevant Transaction 
Document relating to such Series; 
(iv) 
perform its respective obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme, 
and any relevant Transaction Document entered into in connection with such 
Series, and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any 
such Series of Notes or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme; 
(v) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Mortgaged Property (including the Secured 
Assets) or any Transaction Document contemplated by the Conditions or such 
Transaction Document relating to any Series of Notes; 
(vi) 
subject as provided in the Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed and in the 
Conditions relating to any Series of Notes, enforce any of its rights, whether under 
the Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed, any other Transaction Document or 
otherwise, under any agreement entered into in relation to any Series of Notes or 
any Mortgaged Property relating to any such Series; and

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 123 - 
70-40710909 
 
(vii) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the 
above (which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any 
other administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer 
and/or to keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules 
applicable to it); 
(b) 
cause or permit the terms of the Transaction Security granted under the relevant Security 
Deed for any Series of Notes and the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and the relevant Security Deed, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or 
discharged (other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed, Security Deed and/or the 
Conditions relating to such Series of Notes); 
(c) 
have any subsidiaries, except to the extent that, prior to establishing any such subsidiary, 
the Issuer has certified to the Trustee that the establishment, existence and operation of 
such subsidiary will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any 
Series then outstanding; 
(d) 
release any party to the Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or any other relevant 
Transaction Document relating to a Series of Notes from any existing obligations 
thereunder (other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed, Security Deed and/or the 
Conditions relating to such Series of Notes) 
(e) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the 
terms of the Conditions, the Trust Deed, the relevant Security Deed or any other 
Transaction Document relating to any Series of Notes (other than as contemplated by the 
relevant Conditions and the relevant Transaction Documents relating to any such Series) 
which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) considers would be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders; 
(f) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of Notes); 
(g) 
have any employees; 
(h) 
issue any shares (other than 25,000 ordinary shares of EUR 1.00 each all of which are 
fully paid up and are held by or to the order of the Share Trustee under the terms of the 
Declaration of Trust under which the Share Trustee holds them on trust for charitable 
purposes); 
(i) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such 
account (i) relates to a Series of Notes or any Mortgaged Property and (other than in 
respect of certain payment accounts with ICSDs which are not customarily charged in 
transactions similar to the Series of Notes) the Issuer's interest in such account is 
simultaneously charged in favour of the relevant Trustee so as to form part of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property relating to such Series of Notes, or (ii) is a Profit Account and only 
moneys or securities necessary for the purposes for which such account was opened are 
credited to it; 
(j) 
declare any dividends other than any dividends payable out of amounts standing to the 
credit of the Profit Account(s); 
(k) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or 
like facilities); 
(l) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person 
or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy 
the obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(m) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into 
any agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders;

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 124 - 
70-40710909 
 
(n) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Transaction Document and/or the Conditions 
relating to a Series of Notes, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but 
not limited to, the rights, property or other assets comprising the Mortgaged Property for 
any such Series of Notes, to any other entity or person; or 
(o) 
subject as provided in paragraph (a) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than issuing further Notes under the Programme (which may or may not 
form a single series with the Notes of any Series) and creating or incurring further 
obligations relating to such Notes, provided that: 
(i) 
such further Notes and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than 
(a) the Mortgaged Property relating to any other Series of Notes and (b) the 
Issuer's share capital; 
(ii) 
if further Notes form a single series with the Notes of any Series, such further 
Notes and obligations are secured pari passu upon the Mortgaged Property 
relating to the Series of Notes with which such Notes are to form a single series 
(as such Mortgaged Property may be increased in connection with the issue of 
such further securities); and 
(iii) 
if further Notes which are to form a single series with a Series of Notes are being 
issued, the relevant Authorised Participant has transferred to or to the order of the 
Issuer in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement; 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent 
of the Trustee is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with 
the objects of the Issuer as specified in its memorandum and articles of association from 
time to time. 
Valuation of assets for each Series for the Per Note Entitlement 
Units in a money market or other cash fund will be valued at their net asset value. 
The Final Terms will set out whether the Underlying Debt in respect of each Series will be valued, 
for the purpose of calculating the Per Note Entitlement for the Series, at bid price, closing price, 
closing mid-market price or any other pricing basis on the regulated market on which such 
securities are traded. Where such securities are traded on more than one regulated market, the 
Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) will determine the regulated market that constitutes the 
main market for such securities.  If such securities were acquired or traded by the Issuer at a 
premium or at a discount outside of trading on or off a regulated market or OTC market, such 
securities may be valued by the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) taking into account the 
value of such premium or discount in determining the Market Value of such securities if the 
adoption of such procedure is justifiable in the context of establishing the probable realisation 
value of the securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, (i) if prices or values for a security are unavailable, (ii) if market 
quotations are not readily available for a security that is traded on a regulated market, or (iii) the 
bid price, closing price or closing mid-market price or any applicable premium or discount (as the 
case may be) does not, in the opinion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), 
reflect the fair value of the relevant security, the relevant security shall be valued at its probable 
realisation value as determined by the Issuer (or by the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) 
or by such other competent person or firm appointed by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager 
acting on its behalf) with care and in good faith. 
If it is impossible or impracticable to determine the probable realisation value of the relevant 
security or if such valuation is not representative of such security’s fair market value in the context 
of currency, marketability and such other considerations which are deemed relevant by the Issuer 
(or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on 
its behalf) shall be entitled to use (in consultation with the Administrator) other generally 
recognised valuation methods in order to reach a fair market valuation of the relevant security.

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 125 - 
70-40710909 
 
The Cash Flow Timing Agreements will be valued at the net present value of their cashflows 
discounted at the Applicable Discount Rate.

--- Page 127 ---
Transaction Parties and Documents 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 126 - 
70-40710909 
 
TRANSACTION PARTIES AND DOCUMENTS 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the 
Conditions. 
Initial Transaction Parties 
Party 
Name 
Address 
Document under 
which appointed 
CFTA 
Counterparties 
 
 
Cash 
Flow 
Timing 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
1. 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets Limited 
Citigroup 
Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB 
2. 
BNP Paribas 
16, 
boulevard 
des 
italiens, 
75009 
Paris, 
France 
Trustee 
State Street Bank and 
Trust Company 
1 Lincoln Street, Boston, 
MA 02111, USA 
Trust Deed (as further 
described below) 
Administrator 
and 
Transfer 
Agent 
State Street Bank and 
Trust Company 
1 Lincoln Street, Boston, 
MA 02111, USA 
Master 
Service 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
Registrar 
and 
Issuing Agent 
State 
Street 
Fund 
Services 
(Ireland) 
Limited 
78 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay Dublin 2, Ireland 
Master 
Service 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
Custodian 
State Street Custodial 
Services 
(Ireland) 
Limited 
78 Sir John Rogerson’s 
Quay Dublin 2, Ireland 
Master 
Service 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
Paying Agent  
Citibank, 
N.A., 
London branch, 
Citigroup 
Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB 
Paying 
Agency 
and 
Account 
Bank 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
Collateral 
Manager 
BlackRock 
Advisors 
(UK) Limited 
Drapers 
Gardens, 
12 
Throgmorton 
Avenue, 
London 
EC2N 
2DL, 
United Kingdom 
Collateral 
Management 
Agreement (as further 
described below) 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to any of the Transaction Parties shall include any successor 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Transaction Documents, provided that where 
a Transaction Party is so replaced, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
Key Transaction Documents 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 127 - 
70-40710909 
 
KEY TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Trust Deed 
Notes issued under the Programme will be constituted by a trust deed dated 27 May 2020 and 
modified and restated on 20 October 2020 (such trust deed as further modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") made between the Issuer, the 
Collateral Manager and State Street Bank and Trust Company (the "Trustee", which expression 
shall include any successor as Trustee and any other person or persons from time to time acting 
as Trustee under the Trust Deed). 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Trust Deed will constitute the Notes of the relevant Series 
and will set out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee. It will contain covenants of 
the Issuer including, among others, its covenants to pay and to deliver, provisions relating to its 
duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only 
to do such things as are contemplated in the Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue 
of the Notes of the relevant Series) and its duties with respect to its obligations under such Notes. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Holders for the time being of the Notes (as defined in the 
Conditions) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed. 
Master Service Level Agreement 
The Issuer entered into an English law governed master services agreement, dated 20 October 
2020, with various companies within the State Street group (such master services agreement as 
further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Master Services 
Agreement") to appoint such State Street companies to provide the Issuer with administration, 
registrar and issuing agent, transfer agent and custody services in relation to each Series of Notes 
(in such capacities the "Administrator", the "Registrar", the "Transfer Agent" and the 
"Custodian"). The State Street companies that act as Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent 
and Custodian are listed at the section titled “Transaction Parties and Documents”.  The Collateral 
Manager is also a party to the agreement in order to perform certain obligations on the Issuer’s 
behalf. 
The Master Services Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Administrator, 
Registrar, Transfer Agent and Custodian and the basis for their liability, remuneration and 
indemnification. It also sets out the standard of service expected of them, requirements applicable 
to subcontracting of services, procedure for the remediation of breaches, compensation payable 
by them in respect of breaches, their record keeping obligations as well as monitoring, inspection 
and audit rights of the Issuer. Any variation in the appointment of the State Street companies will 
not be effective unless the State Street companies have consented to such variation. 
Under the Master Services Agreement, the Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and 
Custodian are required to provide their services diligently with the level of skill, care and technical 
ability expected of a first class international financial services provider of custodian, trustee, 
administration, and product accounting services.  They will be liable for any losses suffered by 
the Issuer to the extent arising from their negligence, fraud, bad faith, wilful default, recklessness, 
breach of contract, breach of applicable laws and breach of confidentiality obligations or that of 
their sub-contractors. The agreement provides for them to indemnify the Issuer for losses arising 
from third party claims if such losses are based on breach by them of their data protection, 
information security, or confidentiality obligations. 
The Master Services Agreement also provides for certain indemnities from the Issuer in favour of 
the Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Custodian otherwise than due to their 
negligence, fraud, bad faith, wilful default, recklessness, breach of contract, breach of applicable 
laws and breach of confidentiality obligations or that of their sub-contractors.

--- Page 129 ---
Key Transaction Documents 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 128 - 
70-40710909 
 
Under the Master Services Agreement, the Custodian is required to maintain securities and cash 
accounts for the Issuer and each Series and to segregate the assets of the Issuer from its own 
assets. 
The Issuer may terminate the appointment of the State Street companies in one or more 
capacities under the Master Services Agreement on not less than six months’ prior notice. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the State 
Street companies in one or more capacities under the Master Services Agreement with immediate 
effect if (among other things) the Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and/or Custodian: 
(a) 
commits material or persistent breaches of the Master Services Agreement (which is not 
remedied within 30 days of notification); 
(b) 
materially fails to comply with applicable laws affecting the services such that it is 
reasonable for the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) to terminate; 
(c) 
ceases to maintain regulatory approvals required to provide the services and fails to rectify 
if permitted by the regulatory authority; 
(d) 
is found to be guilty of misconduct by regulatory authorities in the conduct of its business 
areas providing the services where such misconduct is of sufficient materiality to make it 
reasonable for the Issuer to terminate; 
(e) 
fails to implement audit or inspection recommendations that result in a material breach; 
(f) 
becomes insolvent; or 
(g) 
undergoes a change of control in certain circumstances. 
The Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and/or Custodian may resign their appointment in 
respect of one or more capacities at any time by notice to the Issuer and the Collateral Manager 
on the occurrence of certain events, including a breach by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager 
of certain material obligations, including material breach by the Issuer of its obligation to indemnify 
or adhere to its confidentiality obligations (which is not remedied within 30 days of notification) 
and failure to pay fees. The Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and/or Custodian may also 
resign their appointment on giving at least 12 months’ prior notice to that effect, provided that 
such date of resignation falls after the agreed initial term unless the Issuer (or the Collateral 
Manager on its behalf) agrees otherwise. 
Following service of a notice of termination, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) 
may give notice to the Administrator, Registrar, Transfer Agent and/or Custodian that it is required 
to continue providing the relevant services for an additional period not exceeding 24 months from 
the original date on which termination would otherwise have taken effect under the relevant notice, 
until a successor provider is found and the relevant services can be transitioned to the successor 
provider. 
Paying Agency and Account Bank Agreement 
The Issuer entered an English law governed paying agency and account bank agreement, dated 
20 October 2020, with Citibank N.A., London Branch (the "Paying Agent") (such paying agency 
and account bank agreement as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "Paying Agency and Account Bank Agreement"). Pursuant to the Paying Agency 
and Account Bank Agreement, the Paying Agent will administer payments (except for the 
Repurchase Settlement Amounts) in relation to the Notes held in global form through the Clearing 
Systems and the Paying Agent is also designated and appointed as the account bank to hold 
cash accounts in relation to the Series. The Issuer is entitled to credit such cash accounts with 
amounts to be paid by the Paying Agent to Noteholders on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Paying Agency and Account Bank Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the 
Paying Agent in relation to the relevant Series of Notes and the account bank in relation to the 
cash accounts held on behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Series and the basis for liability, 
remuneration and indemnification of the Paying Agent (as Paying Agent and account bank). It

--- Page 130 ---
Key Transaction Documents 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 129 - 
70-40710909 
 
also sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation and termination of the Paying Agent as 
Paying Agent and account bank.  
Collateral Management Agreement 
The Issuer entered into an English law governed Collateral Management Agreement, dated 20 
October 2020, with BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited (the "Collateral Manager") (such Collateral 
Management Agreement as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Collateral Management Agreement"). 
The Collateral Manager is a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with 
number 00796793 and is ultimately owned by BlackRock, Inc. It is regulated by the FCA and has 
been authorised since 2001.  
The Collateral Management Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Collateral 
Manager in relation to each Series of Notes and the basis for its liability, remuneration and 
indemnification. It also sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation and termination of the 
Collateral Manager. 
Under the Collateral Management Agreement, the Issuer appoints the Collateral Manager to act 
on behalf of the Issuer under the Conditions and relevant Transaction Documents in relation to, 
among other things, the management of the Series Holdings of each Series. 
The Issuer may at any time vary the appointment of the Collateral Manager or terminate the 
appointment of the Collateral Manager relating to a Series of Notes on giving the Collateral 
Manager not less than 180 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. No variation in the 
appointment of the Collateral Manager will be effective unless the Collateral Manager has 
consented to such variation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appointment of the Collateral 
Manager may be terminated by the Issuer with immediate effect if a Bankruptcy Event occurs in 
relation to the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Manager ceases to be permitted to act as such 
under any applicable law or commits a material breach (which is not remedied within 30 days if 
capable of being remedied). 
The Collateral Manager in respect of a Series of Notes may resign its appointment at any time 
without giving any reason by giving the Issuer at least 180 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. 
Without prejudice to the automatic termination of the Collateral Manager in connection with a 
Bankruptcy Event, no resignation or termination of the appointment of the Collateral Manager will 
take effect until a replacement Collateral Manager has been appointed; provided that if the Issuer 
fails within a period of 30 calendar days of notice of resignation given pursuant to the preceding 
paragraph to appoint a successor to such Collateral Manager, the resigning Collateral Manager 
will be entitled to select a financial institution of recognised good standing and repute acceptable 
to the Issuer and the Trustee, and the Issuer will appoint such entity as successor Collateral 
Manager. 
The Collateral Manager does not have any relationships material to the issue of the Notes with 
any of the other entities listed in the section of the Prospectus titled "Transaction Parties and 
Documents". 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Issuer will have entered into an English law governed authorised participant agreement with 
each of the Authorised Participants in relation to the Programme (such authorised participant 
agreement as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Authorised Participant Agreement”). 
In order to become an authorised participant to the Issuer in respect of the Programme, an 
Authorised Participant is required to open an authorised participant account with the Issuer by 
entering into Authorised Participant Agreement. An Authorised Participant may be an authorised 
participant to all Series of Notes or to only certain Series of Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
Key Transaction Documents 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 130 - 
70-40710909 
 
Each Authorised Participant Agreement specifies the terms on which the relevant Authorised 
Participant may subscribe for, and request that the Issuer repurchases, Notes of each Series. In 
respect of each Series of Notes for which it has been authorised to act as Authorised Participant, 
the relevant Authorised Participant will be required to comply with the procedures set out in the 
Authorised Participant Agreement and this Base Prospectus. 
Each Authorised Participant Agreement includes the conditions for the appointment of an 
Authorised Participant by the Issuer and a general right for the Issuer to terminate or suspend the 
right of an Authorised Participant to be an authorised participant to the Issuer in respect of all or 
certain Series of Notes. 
The Authorised Participant Agreements include indemnities from the relevant Authorised 
Participant relating to breach by the Authorised Participant of representations given by it in such 
agreement and for any direct loss suffered by the Issuer arising as a result of delay or failure by 
the Authorised Participant to settle its Subscription and Repurchase Requests within the agreed 
settlement times. 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement 
Cash Flow Timing Agreements are described in further detail below in the section titled "Cash 
Flow Timing Agreements" below. 
Final Terms 
The Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes shall be completed by the information set out 
the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" is to 
the Final Terms executed in relation to such Series of Notes. 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the 
document that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. For example, the 
Final Terms will contain: 
(a) 
the Issue Date; 
(b) 
information in relation to the interest payable; 
(c) 
the Maturity Date; and 
(d) 
any other information needed to complete the terms included in this Base Prospectus for 
the particular Notes (identified by the words 'as specified in the Final Terms' or other 
equivalent wording). 
The Final Terms will constitute final terms for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Each 
Final Terms will be filed with the Euronext Dublin. 
Notice of provisions of the Transaction Documents 
The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound by and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 132 ---
Transaction Cashflows 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 131 - 
70-40710909 
 
TRANSACTION CASHFLOWS 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes will be determined in accordance with the Conditions as completed by the applicable set 
of Final Terms. 
To make payments under the Notes of any Series, the Issuer will use the maturity and liquidation 
proceeds from the Series Holdings (as described in the section titled "Collateral Criteria" above) 
and the net cashflows in respect of each Cash Flow Timing Agreement (as described in the 
section titled "Description of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement" below) relating to that Series.

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Cash Flow  
Timing Agreement 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 132 - 
70-40710909 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CASH FLOW TIMING AGREEMENT 
The Issuer may enter into one or one more Cash Flow Timing Agreements in relation to each 
Series of Notes. Each Cash Flow Timing Agreement will be entered into with a CFTA 
Counterparty (described below in the section titled "Description of the CFTA Counterparties"). 
Documentation 
Each Cash Flow Timing Agreement will be documented by a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
together with a Schedule thereto (an "ISDA Master Agreement") and may also include a credit 
support annex to the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement in the form of the Credit Support 
Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (a "Credit Support Annex"). 
The Credit Support Annex (if any) will supplement, form part of, and be subject to, the ISDA 
Master Agreement to which it refers and will form part of the Schedule thereto (the ISDA Master 
Agreement as supplemented by the Credit Support Annex (if any) the "Master Agreement").  
In connection with the issue of a Series of Notes, the Issuer will enter into one or more transactions 
under the ISDA Master Agreement with each CFTA Counterparty (each a "Cash Flow 
Transaction", and the confirmation evidencing such transaction together with the Master 
Agreement and any ancillary fee agreement referencing the Cash Flow Transaction, the "Cash 
Flow Timing Agreement"). 
Key Features 
Entry into Cash Flow Timing Agreements 
It is anticipated that in connection with the issuance of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes, 
the Issuer will enter into one or more Cash Flow Timing Agreements. 
Where: 
(a) 
further fungible Traches of Notes are issued following the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of such Series; and/or 
(b) 
any Notes are repurchased or redeemed in accordance with Condition 12.5 (Repurchase 
Prior to the Maturity Date at the Option of an Authorised Participant) or Condition 12.6 
(Compulsory Redemption of Notes from non-Qualified Holders), 
it is anticipated that the Issuer will upsize and/or downsize the payments under the Cash Flow 
Transactions entered into in relation to such Series of Notes to reflect such further issuance or 
redemption. 
Payments 
Each Cash Flow Timing Agreement will require certain payments to be made from the Issuer to 
the CFTA Counterparty and vice versa in relation to a particular Series of Notes. The Issuer may 
be required to pay the CFTA Counterparty a fee for providing the Cash Flow Transaction, the 
amount of which will be determined by reference to the proportion of the Series of Notes to which 
the Cash Flow Transaction relates. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the CFTA Counterparty under each Cash Flow 
Timing Agreement will be set out in a fixed schedule to the such Cash Flow Timing Agreement, 
and are designed to ensure that, following the receipt of payments under all Cash Flow Timing 
Agreements relating to a Series of Notes, the Issuer will have sufficient funds, when taken 
together with cash comprised in the Series Holdings relating to such Series of Notes, as are 
necessary for it to meet its obligations under that Series of Notes and the related Transaction 
Documents.

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Cash Flow  
Timing Agreement 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 133 - 
70-40710909 
 
Amendment, Variation and Termination 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the management of the Series 
Holdings set out in the Collateral Criteria, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may, 
at any time and in its sole discretion, terminate any Cash Flow Timing Agreement, agree with any 
CFTA Counterparty amendments to the payments due under a Cash Flow Transaction and/or 
enter into one or more additional Cash Flow Timing Agreements with alternative CFTA 
Counterparties. 
Amendments to payments under a Cash Flow Transaction may include, without limitation, the 
following scenarios: 
(a) 
where the Issuer is not, or is unlikely to be, able to service the payments due from it under 
a Cash Flow Transaction as a result of the Issuer receiving insufficient amounts in relation 
to the Underlying Debt Securities or otherwise (a "Cash Flow Shortfall"), the Issuer may 
agree with the CFTA Counterparty that amounts payable by the Issuer shall be reduced, 
in which case certain payments by the CFTA Counterparty may also be reduced, and as 
a result of such reductions the Issuer may be required to make a payment to the CFTA 
Counterparty (or vice-versa) in relation to the net value of the reduction of such payments. 
In either case, any Cash Flow Shortfall may result in lower amounts being available to 
make payments to Noteholders of the relevant Series. 
(b) 
Where the Series Holdings include cash (either as a result of higher than expected 
distributions from, or redemptions or sales of, Underlying Debt Securities), the Issuer may 
choose to increase the amounts payable to it under the Cash Flow Transaction either (i) 
by making a payment to the CFTA Counterparty and/or (ii) increasing the amount of on-
going payments to the CFTA Counterparty. In either case, this will increase the exposure 
of Noteholders to the credit of the CFTA Counterparty, although such risk will be mitigated 
pursuant to the collateralisation provisions under the Credit Support Annex (see below). 
Limited Recourse nature of payments to the CFTA Counterparty 
Payments by the Issuer under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement will be limited recourse 
obligations and will be funded from distributions and principal received by the Issuer in relation to 
the Underlying Debt. 
Credit Support Annex 
To mitigate any exposure the Issuer (and therefore the Noteholders) has to each CFTA 
Counterparty, collateral will be transferable to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex ("CFTA 
Collateral"). 
The provisions of the Credit Support Annex will be agreed between the Issuer and the CFTA 
Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
The Issuer may invest cash received as CFTA Collateral in cash equivalents, including liquidity 
instruments and cash funds (please see the paragraph titled "CFTA Collateral" in the section titled 
"Collateral Criteria" above). 
Events of Default 
The Cash Flow Timing Agreement provides for certain "Events of Default" (as defined in the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement) relating to the Issuer and the CFTA Counterparty, the occurrence 
of which may result in the termination of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
Events of Default include: 
(a) 
failure by the Issuer or CFTA Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery 
under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement required to be made by it if not remedied within 
the time period specified therein; and 
(b) 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer or CFTA Counterparty.

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Cash Flow  
Timing Agreement 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 134 - 
70-40710909 
 
Termination Events 
The Cash Flow Timing Agreement provides for certain "Termination Events" (as defined in the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement) the occurrence of any of which may result in the termination of the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement. 
Termination Events include: 
(a) 
the Issuer electing (in its sole discretion) to terminate such Cash Flow Timing Agreement; 
(b) 
the CFTA Counterparty being subject to a rating downgrade event; 
(c) 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events; 
(d) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Cash Flow Transaction(s) are subject to a 
withholding or a deduction on account of tax and such withholding or deduction arises as 
a result of a change in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a 
court after the entry into of the relevant Cash Flow Transaction(s); 
(e) 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Cash Flow Transaction(s) are subject to a 
withholding or a deduction on account of tax as a result of certain merger events with 
respect to the Issuer or the CFTA Counterparty;  
(f) 
delivery of an Enforcement Notice in respect of the relevant Series of Notes; and 
(g) 
the Notes being subject to an early redemption. 
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any early termination of a Cash Flow Transaction, either the CFTA 
Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to determine the Early Termination Amount (each as 
defined in the Cash Flow Timing Agreement) under the Cash Flow Timing Agreement and 
whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the CFTA Counterparty or vice versa. Which 
of the CFTA Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early Termination Amount will depend on 
the reason for the termination of the Cash Flow Timing Agreement. Where the termination is as 
a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting party who makes the determination. 
Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Cash Flow Timing Agreement 
will specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain 
circumstances, that both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by 
the party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights 
and obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred 
to in the Cash Flow Timing Agreement as the "Close-out Amount") and taking into account the 
value of any collateral posted between the parties pursuant to any Credit Support Annex to the 
Cash Flow Timing Agreement.

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the CFTA Counterparties 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 135 - 
70-40710909 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CFTA COUNTERPARTIES 
This section headed "Description of the CFTA Counterparties" has been accurately reproduced 
from information published by each CFTA Counterparty. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by each CFTA Counterparty no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited is a private company limited by shares to which the Companies 
Act 2006 applies and was incorporated in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited is domiciled in England and its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. The registration number of Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited is 01763297 on the register maintained by Companies House.  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. It is a dealer, market maker and underwriter in 
equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as providing advisory services to a wide 
range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is headquartered in London and 
operates globally, generating the majority of its business from the Europe, Middle East and Africa 
region, with the remainder coming from Asia and the Americas. 
BNP Paribas is a European leading provider of banking and financial services and has four 
domestic retail banking markets in Europe, namely in France, Belgium, Italy and Luxembourg. It 
is present in 71 countries and has nearly 199,000 employees, including over 151,000 in Europe. 
BNP Paribas is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group. 
Where the Issuer intends to enter into a Cash Flow Timing Agreement with a counterparty that is 
not set out in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer will publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
setting out the required information in relation to such counterparty.

--- Page 137 ---
Taxation 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 136 - 
70-40710909 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s Member State of incorporation might 
have an impact on the income received from the securities.  Prospective purchasers of Notes 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. 
The following is a general description of certain Irish tax considerations relating to the Notes.  It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes whether 
in those countries or elsewhere.  This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Investors should also note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through 
which an investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to 
such Notes in any jurisdiction may have tax implications.  Investors should consult their own tax 
advisers in relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. 
Ireland 
The following is a summary of the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of 
Notes and may not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers and certain tax-exempt 
bodies. This general summary is based upon Irish taxation laws currently in force, regulations 
promulgated thereunder and the currently published administrative practices of the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, all as of the date hereof. Taxation laws are subject to change, from time to time, 
and no representation is or can be made as to whether such laws will change or what impact, if 
any, such changes will have on the statements contained in this summary. It is assumed for the 
purposes of this summary that any proposed amendments will be enacted in the form proposed.  
The Directors have been advised that the Issuer is resident in Ireland for Taxation purposes and 
it is intended that the Issuer will continue to be tax resident in Ireland. On this basis, the Taxation 
position of the Issuer and investors is as set out below. 
Residence 
Individual 
An individual will be regarded as being resident in Ireland for a particular twelve month tax year if 
they (a) spend 183 days or more in Ireland in that twelve month tax year; or (b) they have a 
combined presence of 280 days in Ireland, taking into account the number of days spent in Ireland 
in that twelve month tax year together with the number of days spent in Ireland in the preceding 
twelve month tax year. Presence by an individual of not more than 30 days in Ireland in a twelve 
month tax year will be disregarded for the purpose of applying the two year test. Presence in 
Ireland for a day means the personal presence of an individual at any time during that day. 
Company 
Irish tax legislation provides that a company incorporated in Ireland will be regarded for all tax 
purposes as being tax resident in Ireland. A company which has its central management and 
control in Ireland is resident in Ireland irrespective of where it is incorporated. A company which 
does not have its central management and control in Ireland but which is incorporated in Ireland 
prior to 2015 is resident in Ireland except where (a) the company or a related company carries on 
a trade in Ireland, and either the company is ultimately controlled by persons resident in EU 
Member States or in countries with which Ireland has a double taxation treaty, or the company or 
a related company the principal class of shares of which are substantially and regularly traded on  
a recognised Stock Exchange in the European Union or in a taxation treaty country; or (b) the 
company is regarded as not resident in Ireland under a double taxation treaty between Ireland 
and another country. Companies incorporated in Ireland on or after 1 January 2015 will be 
automatically considered resident in Ireland for tax purposes unless the company is regarded as 
not resident in Ireland under a double taxation treaty between Ireland and another country.

--- Page 138 ---
Taxation 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 137 - 
70-40710909 
 
The Issuer  
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Ireland for tax purposes if the central management and 
control of its business is exercised in Ireland and the Issuer is not regarded as resident elsewhere. 
It is the intention of the Directors that the business of the Issuer will be conducted in such a 
manner as to ensure that it is resident in Ireland for tax purposes. 
The Issuer will be taxable as a securitisation company pursuant to Section 110 of the Taxes 
Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) for so long as it meets all the requirements of Section 110.  
Profits arising to the Issuer shall be taxable at a rate of 25 per cent.  The rules applicable in order 
to calculate this tax are generally the same as those applicable to a regular trading company.  All 
expenses that are not capital in nature and are wholly and exclusively for the purposes of the 
Issuer’s activities and are not specifically prohibited by statute will be deductible from income in 
order to determine taxable profits. Any losses incurred by the Issuer will be available for set off 
against profits for any subsequent accounting period for so long as the Issuer continues to be 
subject to the Section 110 taxation regime. It is expected that the Issuer will generate a nominal 
amount of taxable profits as it is a special purpose vehicle established for the sole purpose of 
issuing the Notes of each Series.  As a result of this it is expected that the Issuer will suffer a 
nominal liability to Irish corporation tax. 
Value Added Tax ("VAT") 
There is no VAT payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or for 
the transfer of a Note.  
Withholding Tax 
In general, withholding tax at the standard rate of tax (currently 20%) must be deducted from Irish 
source interest payments. Interest paid on the Notes may be regarded as Irish source. However, 
for so long as the Notes are listed on a recognised stock exchange (as defined in the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners’ Tax and Duty Manual: Part 04-02-03 (“Recognised Stock 
Exchange”) (which includes Euronext Dublin) and the Notes carry a right to interest, the Notes 
should constitute “quoted Eurobonds” under section 64 of the Irish Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 
(as amended). 
Interest paid on quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax, provided the following 
criteria are satisfied (the “quoted Eurobond exemption”): 
(a) 
the interest is paid by or through a person who is not in Ireland (a “non-Irish paying agent”); 
or 
(b) 
the interest is paid by or through a person in Ireland, and either: 
(i) 
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Revenue 
Commissioners (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream); or 
(ii) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially 
entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made all necessary 
declarations in the prescribed form, in accordance with section 64(7) of the Irish 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. 
Therefore, provided the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and held in Euroclear or Clearstream, there 
should be no requirement to withhold Irish tax on the interest arising on the Notes regardless of 
the status of the recipient.

--- Page 139 ---
Taxation 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 138 - 
70-40710909 
 
Noteholders  
Charge to Irish Tax on Interest 
An investor may be liable to Irish tax on Interest on the Notes even where there is no Irish 
withholding tax. Persons (individuals and companies) tax resident in Ireland are generally liable 
to Irish tax on their worldwide income, including any income from the Notes. 
In the case of individuals, interest will be liable to income tax at the marginal rate (up to 40%). 
Such income will also be liable to the Universal Social Charge at rates of up to 11% depending 
on the individual’s circumstances. Irish social security contributions may also be payable. In the 
case of corporate entities, the rate of corporation tax applying to the interest income is 25% 
(unless the income constitutes trading income of the corporate investors). 
Interest paid on the Notes may be regarded as Irish source and therefore be within the charge to 
Irish tax for persons who are neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland. 
However, there are certain exemptions for interest paid by a company to persons resident outside 
Ireland where the quoted Eurobond exemption from withholding tax applies: 
(a) 
interest paid to persons resident outside Ireland and who are resident in a Relevant Territory 
(a “Relevant Territory” is a member state of the European Communities (other than Ireland) 
or a country with which Ireland has concluded a double taxation agreement) is not 
chargeable to Irish income tax provided the Notes are quoted Eurobonds; 
(b) 
a company not resident in Ireland and under the control (directly or indirectly) of persons 
who are resident in a Relevant Territory and not under the control (directly or indirectly) of 
Irish residents is not chargeable to Irish income tax on interest arising on quoted Eurobonds; 
and 
(c) 
a company which is not resident in Ireland and the principal class of the shares of which is 
substantially and regularly traded on a stock exchange in Ireland or on a Recognised Stock 
Exchange in a Relevant Territory, or on such other stock exchange as may be approved by 
the Irish Minister for Finance is not chargeable to Irish income tax on interest arising on 
quoted Eurobonds. 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above, the term “control” has the meaning given to it in the 
Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. 
Interest on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions may be within the charge 
to Irish income tax. Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of income taxes, 
corporation taxes, social security contributions and the Universal Social Charge. Any person with 
Irish source income which is chargeable to Irish tax comes within the scope of that system and 
may have to file an Irish return.  
Noteholders who are neither Irish Resident nor Irish Ordinary Resident 
No Irish income or capital gains tax shall arise on the occasion of an early redemption, buy-back 
or disposal in respect of a Notes if (a) the investor is neither resident in Ireland for tax purposes 
nor ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes, and (b) the Notes are not secured over Irish 
land or real property.  
Noteholders who are Irish Resident or Irish Ordinary Resident 
Individual investors who are resident in Ireland for tax purposes or ordinarily resident in Ireland 
for tax purposes will be liable to Irish capital gains tax at a rate of 33 per cent. on any gains arising 
on an early redemption, buy-back or disposal in respect of a Security. Reliefs and allowances 
may be available in computing the liability of an investor. Where such tax arises, the obligation 
falls on the investor to account on a self-assessment basis to the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
for such payment of taxes.

--- Page 140 ---
Taxation 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 139 - 
70-40710909 
 
A corporate holder of Notes who is resident in Ireland for tax purposes and who holds Notes in 
connection with a trade will be taxed on any gains as part of that trade at a rate of 12.5 per cent. 
Gains on Notes not held in connection with a trade will be subject to corporation tax at an effective 
rate of 33 per cent. 
General  
Where a currency gain is made by an investor on an early redemption, buy-back or disposal of 
such Notes, the investor may also be liable to Irish capital gains tax with respect to such gain in 
the year of assessment in which the Notes are disposed of.  
Stamp Duty  
Stamp duty will not be imposed on the issue or transfer of the Notes provided the money raised 
by the Notes is used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
Encashment tax 
If the Paying Agent is not in Ireland, there is no obligation to deduct encashment tax. If a person 
in Ireland were to pay the interest or receive the interest on behalf of a third party, then Irish 
encashment tax (at the standard rate – currently 20%) would apply to amounts belonging to Irish 
resident investors in the Notes, or non-Irish residents who invest in the Notes and who had not 
completed the requisite non-resident declaration forms. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either 
(a) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland for tax purposes (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in 
Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (b) if the Notes are 
regarded as property situate in Ireland. This tax is charged on gifts and inheritances above a 
certain threshold determined both by the relationship between the disponer and the 
donee/successor and previous gifts or inheritances received. Capital acquisitions tax is charged 
at a rate of 33% on the taxable value of the gift or inheritance above a tax-free threshold. 
FATCA and other cross-border reporting systems 
US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act withholding (FATCA) 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) is US legislation introduced to combat US 
tax evasion by improving exchange of information between tax authorities in relation to US 
citizens and residents who hold assets outside of the US. FATCA also provides that US securities 
held by a non-US Financial Institution that does not comply with the regime will be subject to a 
US tax withholding of 30% on gross sales proceeds as well as income. This regime was effective 
from 1 July 2014.  
The US developed an intergovernmental approach to the implementation of FATCA which is 
intended to reduce the burden for Financial Institutions (“FIs”) of complying with FATCA. The Irish 
and US Governments signed an intergovernmental agreement (“Irish IGA”) on 21 December 
2012. Under the Irish IGA, information about relevant US investors will be provided on an annual 
basis by each Irish FI (unless the FI is exempted from the FATCA requirements) directly to the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners, who will then provide such information to the US tax authorities. 
CRS 
The Common Reporting Standards (“CRS”) requires participating jurisdictions to exchange 
certain information held by financial institutions regarding their non-resident customers. Over 100 
jurisdictions including Ireland have committed to exchanging information under the CRS and 
the first data exchanges took place in 2017. CRS does not impose any additional requirements 
to withhold tax on payments to investors.

--- Page 141 ---
Taxation 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 140 - 
70-40710909 
 
Reporting obligations under FATCA and the CRS 
A common feature of both FATCA and the CRS is that entities that are classified as “Financial 
Institutions” are required to identify their investors and in certain circumstances report information 
to their local tax authorities (for onward reporting to overseas tax authorities, in the case of CRS, 
and for onward reporting to the US tax authorities, in the case of FATCA). 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners have issued regulations and guidance notes making 
compliance with the Irish provisions implementing CRS and FATCA mandatory. As a result, Irish 
entities that are classified as “Financial Institutions” in accordance with FATCA and CRS have 
obligations in respect of the Irish law implementing CRS and FATCA.  
In order to comply with FATCA and CRS obligations, the Issuer may require investors to provide 
the Issuer with information and documentation prescribed by applicable law and such additional 
documentation as reasonably requested by the Issuer. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
The Council of the European Union (the “Council”) adopted the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
(the “ATAD”) on 12 July 2016. The ATAD (with the exception of hybrid mismatch rules) was 
intended to be transposed into each EU member state’s national laws no later than 31 December 
2018 and should have taken effect as of 1 January 2019. However certain derogations are 
available in respect of the limitation of interest deductibility rules. Hybrid mismatch rules should 
be transposed into national law for effect from 1 January 2020 at the latest (other than with respect 
to one provision which will come into effect at the latest by 1 January 2022).   
While the hybrid mismatch provisions were transposed into Irish law effective from 1 January 
2020, uncertainty remains.  There is ongoing interaction between the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners and industry with a view to producing guidance and clarity on their application.  
The interest deductibility limitation under ATAD has not yet been transposed into Irish law.  The 
ATAD may affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and/or the Notes. However, in the absence of 
Irish Revenue Commissioner guidance and further implementing legislation, the possible 
implications of the ATAD on the Issuer and/or the Notes are unclear as of the date of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 142 ---
Subscription and Sale 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 141 - 
70-40710909 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Each Authorised Participants has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who falls into any of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and/or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
a person in the Czech Republic, who does not qualify as a qualified investor as 
defined in Section 272(1) of the Czech Act No 240/2013 Coll. on Investment 
Companies and Investment Funds; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Distributor has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Authorised 
Distributor appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer, sell, underwrite the issue of, or act in Ireland in respect of the 
Notes, other than in conformity with: 
(a) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation), the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland and any rules issued by the Central Bank 
pursuant to section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland; 
(b) 
the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014; 
(c) 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland (as amended) and any 
codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended) of Ireland; 
(d) 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 
(S.I. no. 375 of 2017) (as amended) (the "MiFID II Regulations") and the provisions of the 
Investor Compensation Act 1998; and 
(e) 
the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014), the Market Abuse Directive 
on Criminal Sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU) (as amended), the 
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland and any rules issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. 
Prohibition of Sales in United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States of America or any of its territories, 
possessions or other areas subject to its jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico 
(collectively, the "United States"). No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CFTC Rules of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not 
been and will not be registered under any United States federal laws. The Notes are being offered 
and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
pursuant to Regulation S thereunder ("Regulation S").

--- Page 143 ---
Subscription and Sale 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 142 - 
70-40710909 
 
Accordingly, the Notes may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except (i) in 
an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and (ii) to or for the 
account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
A "Permitted Transferee" means any person who is not any of: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or 
any CFTC rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance 
of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined 
under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the 
exception to the extent that it would apply to persons who are not "Non-United States 
persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); or 
(c) 
a "resident of the United States" for purposes of, and as defined in implementing 
regulations proposed or issued under, Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 
1956, as amended ("BHC Act"). 
Transfers of Notes within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee 
(a "Non-Permitted Transferee") are prohibited. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale or other transfer of Notes to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Notes to dispose of the Notes in 
the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes. As a result, the 
value of the Notes may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United 
States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a 
dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United 
States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not 
registered under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and 
owned, by accredited investors (as defined in §230.501(a) of the Code of Federal 
Regulations, Title 17) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, "Non-United States person" means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for 
passive investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its 
principal place of business in a foreign jurisdiction;

--- Page 144 ---
Subscription and Sale 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 143 - 
70-40710909 
 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax 
regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment 
company or other similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by 
persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons represent in the aggregate less 
than 10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed 
principally for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-
United States persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain 
requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission's regulations by 
virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its 
principal place of business outside the United States. 
As modified in the definition of "Permitted Transferee" above, the definition of "Non-United States 
person" excludes for purposes of sub-section (d) above, the exception in the proviso to the extent 
that it would apply to persons who are not "Non-United States persons". 
As defined in the CFTC's proposed interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding cross-
border application of certain swaps provisions of the CEA, 77 Fed. Reg. 41214, 41218 (Jul. 12, 
2012), "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, 
joint-stock company, fund, or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing, in each 
case that is either 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States or having its 
principal place of business in the United States (''legal entity'') or 
(ii) 
in which the direct or indirect owners thereof are responsible for the liabilities of 
such entity and one or more of such owners is a U.S. person; 
(c) 
Any individual account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, or collective investment vehicle (whether or not it is 
organized or incorporated in the United States) of which a majority ownership is held, 
directly or indirectly, by a U.S. person(s); 
(e) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, or collective investment vehicle the operator of 
which would be required to register as a commodity pool operator under the CEA; 
(f) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers, or principals of a legal entity with its principal 
place of business inside the United States; and 
(g) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is subject to United States income tax regardless 
of source. 
As defined in the final regulations issued under Section 13 of the BHC Act, 17 CFR 225.10(d)(8), 
"resident of the United States" means a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S. 
The definition set forth above of "U.S. Person" in the CFTC's proposed interpretive guidance and 
policy statement regarding cross-border application of certain swaps provisions of the CEA is 
accurate as of the date of this Base Prospectus but is subject to change upon the issuance of 
final guidance and implementing regulations. Each person who offers, sells or otherwise transfers 
Notes has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its offer, sale or other transfer is not to or for 
the account or benefit of any person other than a Permitted Transferee as such term is defined 
as of the date of such offer, sale, pledge or other transfer.

--- Page 145 ---
Subscription and Sale 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 144 - 
70-40710909 
 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission ("SEC") or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any 
other regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this 
document or the merits of the Notes. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. 
Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale 
of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in 
the Notes nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person 
other than a Permitted Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement that it has complied and will comply with the aforementioned transfer and selling 
restrictions and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes. Each Authorised Participant 
has further represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not at any 
time offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche except in accordance with Rule 
903 of Regulation S, and that none of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf 
have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to such Notes, and it and 
they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
General 
Each Authorised Participant has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  Persons into whose hands this 
Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Authorised Participants to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes, in all cases at their own expense. 
Each Authorised Participant has represented, warranted and agreed that it will only offer, sell or 
otherwise make available the Notes in Permitted Countries (set out in the applicable Final Terms) 
and any other countries that have been agreed with the Issuer (or the Arranger acting on its 
behalf).

--- Page 146 ---
Use of Proceeds 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 145 - 
70-40710909 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
To enable the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Notes, the gross proceeds 
of each Tranche of Notes will, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its 
behalf): 
1. 
be applied in the purchase of Underlying Debt Securities within the parameters of 
the Collateral Criteria; 
2. 
be used to make any payments required in relation to any Cash Flow Timing 
Agreements in relation to the relevant Series of Notes; and 
3. 
be used to discharge any costs and fees of the Issuer in respect of a Series.

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 146 - 
70-40710909 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.   
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
For the purposes of the prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors, a retail investor shall also 
include any person in the Czech Republic who does not qualify as a qualified investor as defined 
in Section 272(1) of the Czech Act No 240/2013 Coll. on Investment Companies and Investment 
Funds. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 147 - 
70-40710909 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
DIVERSIFIED NOTES PLC 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount] of [Tranche Title of Notes] 
SECURED NOTES PROGRAMME 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of 
the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 June 2021 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [•] which together constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the 
"Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published at https://live.euronext.com/. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can 
be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Diversified Notes plc 
2. 
(i) 
[Series] / [Series Number]: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
3. 
Series Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
of 
Notes of: 
 
 
(i) 
Series (including this 
Tranche): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes of 
this Tranche [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
Minimum of [•] and in incremental multiples of [•] 
(Minimum of €100,000, or its equivalent in the 
Series Currency, and in incremental multiples of 
€1,000, or its equivalent in the Series Currency.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 148 - 
70-40710909 
 
 
(iii) 
Note Nominal Amount: 
[EUR][GBP][USD][●] [1.00]   
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date (of this Tranche): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Series Issue Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•][An amount per Note Nominal Amount equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount Percentage 
multiplied by such Note Nominal Amount] 
(ii) Minimum Redemption Amount 
Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
10. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable.]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Clean-up Call Threshold: 
[Applicable. The Clean-up Call Threshold is 
[•].]//[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Applicable Discount Rate: 
[•]  
13. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Applicable. 
[Specify.]] 
[TARGET]]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
14. 
Market Value: 
In respect of: 
[Underlying Debt Securities]: [bid price] [closing 
price] [closing mid-market price] 
(In respect of each type of security (other than cash 
funds) to be held by the Issuer, set out whether the 
security will be valued using bid price, closing price 
or closing mid-market price.) 
15. 
Operational Fee Rate: 
[•] basis points per annum 
16. 
CFTA Counterparties: 
[•] 
17. 
Additional Transaction Party: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Additional Transaction Document: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
19. 
Business Day Convention:  
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
20. 
Interest Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date except that, if the Interest 
Payment Date is not a Payment Day, the payment 
will be postponed to the next Payment Day / [•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date (for this Tranche): 
Issue Date / [•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date: 
[•]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period: 
First Interest Period is from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date (for this Tranche) to

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 149 - 
70-40710909 
 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
occurring after such Interest Commencement 
Date.  
Each subsequent Interest Period is from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or, if 
earlier, the date on which the relevant Note is 
redeemed or repurchased). An Interest Period will 
not be adjusted by the Business Day Convention 
 
(v) 
Record Date: 
[3] Business Days [prior to] the Interest Payment 
Date  
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Act/365L] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT CRITERIA 
21. 
Collateral Criteria Elections 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Rating Agency: 
[Fitch Ratings Limited and/or one or more of its 
affiliates]/[Moody's Investor Service Ltd and/or one 
or more of its affiliates]/[ S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and/or one or more of its 
affiliates]/[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Credit Rating: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
[Specified Credit Rating] /  
[Specified Credit Range]: 
[Investment 
Grade]/[High 
Yield]/[Non-
Rated]/[specify 
rating]/[specify 
range 
of 
ratings]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Sector Classification(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Specified Sector: 
[Treasury]/[Sovereign]/[Supra-
national]/[Government-related]/[Local 
Authority]/ 
[Municipal]/[Corporate]/[Industrial]/[Utility]/[Financi
al 
institutions]/[Securitised]/[Agency]/MBS 
(mortgage-backed security) pass-through]/[ABS 
(asset 
backed 
security)/[CMBS 
(commercial 
mortgage-backed 
security)]/[Covered]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Country: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Specified 
Country/ies 
or 
Specified 
Country 
Grouping: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Capital Structure: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Specified Priority: 
[Secured]/[Senior Secured]/[Senior Unsecured]/ 
[Subordinated]/[Guaranteed]/[Insured]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Specified Maturity Window: 
[●]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 150 - 
70-40710909 
 
 
(xii) 
Embedded 
Option 
Exclusion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Specified 
Excluded 
Embedded Option(s): 
[Investor put]/[Investor Call]/[Merger put]/[Change 
of 
Control 
Put]/[Issuer 
call]/[Make-whole 
Redemption]/[Clean-up call]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial ESG Screen: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Specified Initial ESG Screen 
Criteria: 
[Controversial 
weapons 
exclusion]/[Nuclear 
weapons 
exclusion]/[Thermal 
coal 
exclusion]/[Civilian firearms exclusion]/[Tobacco 
exclusion]/[Oil 
sands 
exclusion]/[UN 
Global 
Compact principles]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Rating Threshold  
[Applicable.] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Rating 
Threshold 
Percentage  
[●] per cent.  
 
(xviii) Eligible Currency: 
[●] 
22. 
Detailed information relating to each Underlying Debt Security for a Series will be available 
to investors throughout the lifetime of the Notes of such Series at the website maintained 
on behalf of the Issuer at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such other website as may be 
notified to Noteholders) or on request from the Collateral Manager. It is intended that this 
information will include in respect of each Underlying Debt Security: issuer name; ticker; 
ISIN; CUSIP (where applicable); country; position amount; market value (and local market 
value); and currency of the security.  
 
 
Signed on behalf of Diversified Notes plc: 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 151 - 
70-40710909 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
23. 
ADMISSION 
TO 
LISTING AND TRADING 
(i)  Admission to Listing 
and Trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to the official list and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin").] 
[The earliest date on which the Notes will be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin will be [●].] Application may be 
made for the Notes to be listed on additional 
stock exchanges and admitted to trading on 
additional markets from time to time. [As at the 
date of these Final Terms, Notes of this Series 
have been admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin.] (When documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Clearing 
System 
 
(iii)  Estimate of total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to listing and 
trading: 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and [•]] 
 
[•] 
The expenses relating to the admission to trading 
of Notes of a Series on the relevant Stock 
Exchange(s) on which the Notes are listed may 
form part of the relevant Duties and Charges 
payable by Authorised Participants, or (if so 
determined by the Collateral Manager at its sole 
discretion) may be covered by the Operational 
Fee payable in respect of such Series. 
24. 
NOTIFICATION 
 
 
The Central Bank [has been requested to provide/has provided – include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] 
the [include names of competent authorities of host EU Member States] with 
a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] / [Not Applicable] 
25. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes are not rated.] / [The Notes to be 
issued have been rated: 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established 
in 
the 
European 
Union 
and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009] 
/ [[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended.] / [[Insert credit 
rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 152 - 
70-40710909 
 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as amended but the rating it has 
given to the Notes has been endorsed by (and for 
the purposes of that Regulation is/are deemed to 
be issued by) [full name of legal entity] which is 
an entity established in the European Union and 
registered under that Regulation.] / [Insert credit 
rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as amended but is certified in 
accordance with such Regulation.] / [Insert credit 
rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under that 
Regulation.  
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation")] 
 
 
 
26. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that 
is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of 
the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
Save for any fees payable to the Transaction Parties and other service 
providers to the Issuer, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The Transaction 
Parties and other service providers to the Issuer and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
27. 
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of 
future yield.

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 153 - 
70-40710909 
 
28. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not 
Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery against/free of payment  
 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Clearing System: 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and [●]] 
 
 
Maximum Issue Size: 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of 
the Series, of which this Tranche forms a part, 
which are outstanding from time to time will not 
exceed [•] 
29. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Authorised 
Participants: 
[●] 
The full list of Authorised Participants in respect 
of the Series from time to time will be published 
on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer 
at www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE (or such other 
website as may be notified to Noteholders). 
 
(ii)  
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not 
applicable 
 
(iii)  
Permitted 
Countries: 
[●]

--- Page 155 ---
General Information 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 154 - 
70-40710909 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The creation and issue of the Notes has been authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer dated 19 March 2020. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents may be inspected at the Issuer’s registered office during 
normal business hours and are available on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at 
www.blackrock.com/DIVRSE for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(c) 
the first audited financial statements of the Company, for the period from incorporation to 
30 June 2020. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be available, in electronic 
format, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Yield 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the indication of yield (if any) referred to in the applicable 
Final Terms will be calculated at the Issue Date of such Tranche on the basis of the Issue Price 
of such Tranche. This is not an indication of future yield. 
Post-issuance transaction information 
Save where specified in this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer does not 
intend to provide any post-issuance transaction information, except if required by any applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Rating 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be rated. 
Listing Agent 
William Fry is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes 
and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300HCLAFWZXP34F91.

--- Page 156 ---
Directory 
236624-4-413-v2.0 
- 155 - 
70-40710909 
 
DIRECTORY 
Issuer 
Diversified Notes plc 
1st Floor 
2 Ballsbridge Park 
Ballsbridge 
Dublin 4 
D04 YW83 
Ireland 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
Kevin O’Brien (Irish) 
Lynda Carroll (Irish) 
Barry O’Dwyer (Irish) 
Arranger 
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited 
12 Throgmorton Avenue 
London EC2N 2DL 
United Kingdom 
Trustee 
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
1 Lincoln Street 
Boston MA 02111 
USA 
Administrator and Transfer Agent  
State Street Bank and Trust Company 
1 Lincoln Street 
Boston MA 02111 
USA 
Custodian 
State Street Custodial Services (Ireland) 
Limited 
78 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Registrar and Issuing Agent 
State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
78 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Collateral Manager 
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited 
12 Throgmorton Avenue 
London EC2N 2DL 
United Kingdom 
Paying Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Company Secretary 
Sanne Corporate Administration Services 
Ireland Limited 
4th Floor 
76 Baggot Street Lower 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Auditors to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young 
Block 1 Harcourt Centre 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2, D02 YA40 
Ireland 
 
Listing Agent 
William Fry 
2 Grand Canal Square 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer as to 
English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer as to Irish law 
William Fry 
2 Grand Canal Square 
Dublin 2 
Ireland