--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2024 
 
DLR Kredit A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR no. 25781309) 
DKK 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) and subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, DLR Kredit A/S (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed DKK 10,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes, which may be (i) senior non-preferred notes with a ranking 
as described in Condition 4(a) (Status of the Notes - Senior Non-Preferred Notes) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" ("Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes") or (ii) subordinated notes (in Danish: kapitalbeviser) constituting Tier 2 Capital (as defined in the 
Condition 2 (Definitions) in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") ("Subordinated Notes") as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (each as defined below), as applicable.  
An application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as 
defined below)) to be listed on the official list of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S’ regulated market. Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended) (“MiFID II”). Unlisted Exempt 
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect 
of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer with a view to having the Notes admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen 
A/S’ regulated market. 
Save in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), this Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation and the FSMA. The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in the section headed "Pricing Supplement" in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in dematerialised book entry form and settled through either VP Securities 
A/S (branded as Euronext Securities Copenhagen) ("ES-CPH") ("VP Notes") or Verdipapirsentralen ASA (branded as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) ("ES-OSL") ("VPS Notes") as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The Issuer has been rated A-/Stable/A-2 (Issuer Credit Rating) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) 
and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its 
website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where Notes issued under the Programme are to be rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under CRA Regulation will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances).  
Similarly, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” and in the section 
headed "Investment Considerations" in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
In the case of any Notes other than Exempt Notes, either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription 
for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of each Note 
shall be €100,000 (or, in each case its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, any person making or intending to make an offer in a Member State of the EEA 
or the United Kingdom of Exempt Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Pricing Supplement in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do 
so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Issuer or any Dealer (as defined in “General Description 
of the Programme”) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to 
section 85 of the FSMA, as the case may be, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”), as the case may be, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor any of the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Exempt Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for any Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme” below). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this 
Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates, and none of the Dealers and any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer) 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of any of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a 
meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; (ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be 
familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms, or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Danish 
kroner”, “Kr” and “DKK” are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, those to “euro”, “EUR” or 
“€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time), those to 
“Norwegian kroner” are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway and those to “Swedish kronor” 
are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden.  
In this Base Prospectus, words and expressions defined in Condition 2 (Definitions) or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, have the same meanings in the entire Base Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of the Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of the Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should

--- Page 7 ---
7 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The registration status of any administrator under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................18 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME .....................................................................................18 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES ................................................................................................25 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ...................................................................................................................33 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ..............................................................................................................35 
Issuer’s capital requirements and liquidity requirements .......................................................................35 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD .......................................................................................38 
General investment considerations.........................................................................................................40 
Legal considerations ..............................................................................................................................41 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT .......................................................................................................................45 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................48 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................92 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................93 
1. Risk cover – guarantee provisions (Universal guarantee concept) .....................................................98 
2. Risk cover – Loss off-set scheme .......................................................................................................98 
3. Risk cover – Portfolio guarantee ........................................................................................................98 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................104 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................106 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 111 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................124 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................136

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and 
expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this general 
description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size: 
DKK 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time appoint dealers in respect of one or 
more Tranches. References in this Base Prospectus to “Dealers” are to 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
DLR Kredit A/S. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint a Fiscal Agent, Paying 
Agent or a Calculation Agent that is not DLR Kredit A/S.  
VP Issuing Agent for VP Notes: 
DLR Kredit A/S (being authorised by ES-CPH  to process and register 
issues in the system operated by ES-CPH). 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint an Issuing Agent that 
is not DLR Kredit A/S. 
VPS Issuing Agent for VPS 
Notes: 
The VPS Issuing Agent appointed by the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and being an 
entity authorised by ES-OSL to process and register issues in the system 
operated by ES-OSL. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be completed in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book entry form, will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title and will be settled 
either through ES-CPH ("VP Notes") or through ES-OSL ("VPS Notes") 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable.  
Ownership of VP Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by ES-CPH and transferred through the securities settlement 
system maintained by ES-CPH. Settlement of the VP Notes may take 
place on either the ES-CPH settlement platform or on T2S (or any 
successor or replacement thereto) if the required conditions for T2S 
settlement as set out in ES-CPH’s settlement rules are fulfilled.  
Notes issued through ES-CPH will be negotiable instruments which are 
not subject to any restrictions on their free negotiability within Denmark, 
but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions 
with regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or under 
laws to which a Noteholder may be subject.  
Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded in the book entry system 
maintained by ES-OSL and transferred through the securities settlement 
system maintained by ES-OSL. Settlement of the VPS Notes will take 
place on the ES-OSL settlement platform (or any successor or 
replacement thereto). Any such Notes settled on the ES-OSL settlement 
platform must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
on Central Securities Depositories (the “CSD Act”) which implements 
Regulation (EU) no. 909/2014 (“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, any 
regulations passed under the CSD Act as well as the rules of ES-OSL, in 
each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The Noteholders of 
VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations 
and liabilities which arise under the applicable legislation as well as the 
terms and conditions in effect from time to time of ES-OSL. Notes issued 
through ES-OSL will be negotiable instruments which are not subject to 
any restrictions on their free negotiability within Norway, but the 
Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer restrictions with 
regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or under laws 
to which a Noteholder may be subject. 
Central securities depositary 
system: 
ES-CPH or ES-OSL.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement:  
Each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes will be the subject of 
the Final Terms which, for the purposes of that Tranche only, completes 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
will be the subject of the Pricing Supplement which, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, completes and/or amends and/or replaces the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. Each Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) as completed and/or amended and/or 
replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. See also “Exempt Notes” 
below. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable.  
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer. Subject to Condition 6 (Loss absorption 
following a Resolution Event), the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall 
at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Issuer’s ordinary shares and any 
subordinated obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, or any obligations pursuant to section 98 of the Danish 
Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive 
periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Subordinated Notes (in Danish: kapitalbeviser) will constitute Tier 2 
Capital (in Danish: supplerende kapital) of the Issuer under the 
CRD/CRR requirements.  
Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall, subject to (A) the Danish 
implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in section 13(4) (as 
amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act and/or (B) section 13(5) (as amended or replaced from 
time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times 
rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any obligation or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that constitute Tier 2 Capital and (b) any other 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in 
each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer;  
(iii) 
senior to (a) holders of the Issuer's ordinary shares, (b) any 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Tier 1 Capital and (c) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the 
right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy 
Act and creditors that are creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations and (b) other subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer other than the present or future claims of creditors 
that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to 
the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards to the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or 
instruments which rank identical to, or different to, the Notes. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Notes may be issued having any maturity, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by

--- Page 13 ---
13 
the Relevant Regulator or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus,  
(i) section 268 c(1)(1) of the Danish Financial Business Act provides 
that, to be eligible to fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, the 
relevant Tranche of Notes must have an original maturity of at 
least two years; 
(ii) section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act provides 
that, to rank as Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, the relevant 
Tranche of Senior Non-Preferred Notes must have an original 
maturity of at least one year; and 
(iii) Article 63(g) of the CRR provides that, to be treated as Tier 2 
Capital, the relevant Tranche of Subordinated Notes must have an 
original maturity of at least five years. 
 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date.   
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency and save that in respect of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for 
Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum 
specified denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency).  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and will 
be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) by reference to CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR (subject, if 
applicable, to the benchmark replacement provisions in the 
Conditions) as adjusted for any applicable margin,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
in each case, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and interest 
will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate or a 
rate based on the yield for an identified government bond or certain 
government bonds (in each case relating to the relevant Specified 
Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable.  
Optional redemption − General: The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will state 
whether the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Any such redemption shall be subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Conditions to redemption etc.) to the extent it is applicable.  
Optional redemption of 
Subordinated Notes:  
The first optional redemption date in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes may occur no earlier than the fifth anniversary of the 
date of issue of the last Tranche of the Notes of such Series. Any such 
redemption shall be subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Conditions to redemption etc.) to the extent it is applicable. 
Early redemption of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes: 
In case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity date), 
early redemption will be permitted; 
(i) at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as 
described in Condition 7(c)(ii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Tax Event); and/or 
(ii) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of an 
Eligibility Event as described in Condition 7(c)(iii) (Redemption 
upon the occurrence of a Eligibility Event).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Early redemption of 
Subordinated Notes:  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(j) (Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), early 
redemption will be permitted; 
(i) at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Tax Event as 
described in Condition 7(d)(ii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Tax Event); and/or 
(ii) at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as 
described in Condition 7(d)(iii) (Redemption upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event).   
Clean-up Redemption Option 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 71(i)(e) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer), redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer if 
(i) the Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (ii) 75 per cent (or any 
other percentage as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may 
redeem all (but not only some) of such outstanding Notes as described 
in Condition 71(i)(f)(Clean-up Redemption Option). 
Substitution and variation 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only): 
In the case of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if an 
Alignment Event and/or an Eligibility Event and/or a Rating 
Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are 
continuing, the Issuer may subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j) 
(Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), at its option, 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes, or vary the terms of all 
(but not some only) of the Notes, or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of such Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of such Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
See Condition 7(i) (Substitution and variation). 
Substitution and variation  
(Subordinated Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Subordinated Notes, if a Capital Event and/or a 
Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer may, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j) (Conditions to 
redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date), at its option, substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of such Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders 
of such Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes. 
See Condition 7(i) (Substitution and variation).  
Loss absorption following a 
Resolution Event (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only): 
In the case of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal Amounts of 
such Notes may be written-down permanently (in whole or in part) or

--- Page 16 ---
16 
the Notes may be converted (in whole or in part) into a subordinated 
instrument of the Issuer, all as determined by the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Danish Resolution Authority as described, and subject as 
provided for in Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution 
Event).  
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Enforcement Events: 
There will be enforcement events relating only to non-payment (allowing 
a Noteholder to institute proceedings in Denmark in order to recover the 
amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Noteholder may not itself file 
for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
modifications: 
The Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of a Series 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all holders of such Series including 
holders of such Series who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and holders of such Series who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 7(j) (Conditions to redemption 
etc. prior to the Maturity Date) make any modification to the relevant 
Series of Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
such Series without the consent of the holders of such Series. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the holders of such Series. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
to be rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), be required to pay 
Additional Amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of Additional Amounts by 
the Issuer will be limited to payments of interest only.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Governing law and jurisdiction: 
Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the 
Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish 
law. If the Securities Depository is ES-OSL, Conditions 3(a) (Form, 
Issue Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades), 3(b) 
(Transferability and Title) and 20 (Notices) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Conditions and 
the Notes. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S for Notes issued 
under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to the 
official list of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and trading on its regulated 
market. The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. 
Selling restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Denmark, 
Sweden and Norway see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and this General Description of the Programme, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify whether the 
Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer has identified the risk factors described below and believes that they represent factors which are 
specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and which are material for investors to consider when investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer may, however, be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons. Additional risks not currently known to the Issuer or that 
it now deems immaterial may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control 
and may adversely affect the Issuer or affect an investment in the Notes. 
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
The risk factors are grouped in two main sections. The first section covers risk factors which may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. The second section covers 
risk factors the Issuer believes may be material in relation to the Notes. 
The most material risks, as currently assessed by the Issuer, taking into account (i) the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact on the Issuer and/or the Notes and (ii) the probability of their occurrence, are set out first 
in the risk factor categories “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s  ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme” and “Risk factors relating to the Notes – Risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes”. For risk factors where there are no comments on the probability of the specific risks 
occurring, the Issuer believes that it is not possible to estimate such probability. Some of the risks addressed in 
this section have not materialised in the past but it is the best assessment of the Issuer that they are relevant for 
prospective investors to consider. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the probability of any such contingency occurring expect as may 
be set out in with respect to such contingencies below.  
Word and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or "Investment Considerations" 
below have the same meanings in this section, unless otherwise stated. Reference to a numbered “Condition” 
shall be to the relevant Condition in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and customers of the Issuer  
The Issuer’s most significant risk is credit risk, defined as the risk of loss caused by the failure of any borrower 
or other counterparty to honour its payment obligations to the Issuer. This risk should be seen in light of the 
fact that the Issuer, as a mortgage bank, only grants loans secured against real property. Moreover, these loans 
are typically partially guaranteed by the financial institutions providing the loans under the Issuer’s guarantee 
concept, and the Issuer can under certain circumstances set-off losses against payments of commission to the 
financial institutions. The guarantee concept implies, inter alia, that 2 per cent. of the loan’s outstanding amount 
is guaranteed by the financial institutions providing the loans. In case the loss exceeds the amount that can be 
set-off by the Issuer or covered by the guarantee concept, the Issuer may face a loss on the relevant loan.  
In H1 2024, approximately 92.3 per cent of the Issuer's Risk Exposure Amount derived from credit risk, which 
makes credit risk the largest contribution to the Issuer's Risk Exposure Amount. 
From Q3 2018 to Q4 2021, the annual lending growth for residential rental properties (in Danish: erhverv med 
boligformål) was higher than the recommended threshold of below 15 per cent provided by the Danish FSA 
under the “supervisory diamond for mortgage credit institutions”. The Danish FSA assessed that the exceeding

--- Page 19 ---
19 
of the threshold represented an increased risk and issued a risk information in this respect. However, since Q1 
2022, the annual lending growth for residential rental properties has been below the recommended threshold 
provided by the Danish FSA.  
The Issuer may have counterparty risks in connection with financial derivatives in the form of outstanding 
positive market value, which depends on market factors. The counterparty risk on financial derivatives is 
reduced through netting agreements and margin calls in accordance with standard documentation such as the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) and the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) with major counterparties. 
Settlement and delivery risk derives from securities, derivatives and foreign exchange trading.  
The Issuer's credit risk profile is laid down in the credit policy, as further set out in the annual Risk and Capital 
Management Report, which is available on the Issuer's website: https://dlr.dk/investor/regnskaber-rapporter/ 
The Issuer's total provisions for loan impairments and guarantees amounted to DKK 373m in the end of 2023, 
equivalent to 0.19 per cent of total lending. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers or 
other counterparties could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in 
provisions made for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
The Issuer's mortgage loans, which are used as collateral for issuance of covered bonds, are secured by 
mortgages over real property. The credit risk of the Issuer may partly be related to the performance of the real 
estate market primarily in Denmark. It is not possible to predict the future development of the value of the 
collateral. Should the prices of real property substantially decline, this could erode the value of the collateral 
and adversely affect the Issuer's financial position or prospects. 
Changes in regulation that affect borrowers', counterparties', or customers' activities (e.g., regulation of real 
estate, property taxes, requirements for building standards, etc.) may also have a significant negative impact on 
the Issuer's credit exposures. An example of such change in regulation is an increase of carbon taxes applicable 
to the agricultural sector which may result in borrowers defaulting on their loans granted by the Issuer.  
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and final 
payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, and changes regarding regulation, taxation, interest rate developments, inflation and/or the 
political environment. Borrowers may default on their loans granted by the Issuer as a result of interest rate 
increases or as a result of adverse developments in their personal circumstances. 
Losses from credit risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as medium.  
Risks relating to non-compliance with the balance principle  
In the course of its lending business, the Issuer applies the specific balance principle laid down in the Executive 
Order no. 1425 of 16 December 2014 on the Issuance of Bonds, Balance Principle and Risk Management (the 
“Executive Order on Bonds”). This principle dictates consistency between interest and instalments received 
by the Issuer from borrowers and the Issuer’s payments to bondholders. The balance principle also implies that 
the Issuer does not assume any actual interest risk, currency risk or liquidity risk on its lending operations, 
including risks associated with prepayment of loans. 
Non-compliance with the balance principle may cause the Issuer to lose its authorisation to issue bonds, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
For a description of the Issuer’s risk management, see the section headed “Business Description” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low.  
Market risk related to adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest 
rates, yield spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and equity and commodity prices 
Market risk is defined as the risk of a loss prompted by unfavourable fluctuations in interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and equity prices. As per 31 December 2023, approximately 3.7 per cent of the Issuer's Risk 
Exposure Amount derives from market risk. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has laid down principles for the management of and limits for market risks. As 
the Issuer has decided to comply with the specific balance principle as set out in the Executive Order on Bonds, 
the market risk associated with the issuance of covered bonds (SDOs) for purposes of financing mortgage loans 
will reflect the loan terms of the mortgagors. The market risks assumed by the Issuer arise solely as a 
consequence of a natural need to invest the Issuer’s own funds, senior debt and profits/results of operations (the 
securities portfolio) and excess funds deriving from borrowers' prepayments of interest and principal, 
repayment at par value and pre-emissions. 
The Issuer targets a low market risk, and the Issuer’s policies and guidelines lay down detailed market risk 
targets as regards placement, amount of interest risk, currency risk, etc. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has also 
laid down a policy for the placement of the securities portfolio and specific limits for the amount and volatility 
of each type of risk. 
On this basis, the Issuer has placed the main part of its securities portfolio in AAA-rated Danish mortgage bonds 
(ROs), SDOs and mortgage-covered bonds (SDRO), typically short-term papers, and a minor portion in (at the 
date of this Base Prospectus) AAA-rated government bonds. 
Fluctuations in the debt, foreign exchange or equity markets may affect the market value and liquidity of the 
Issuer’s securities assets. In addition, the occurrence of such events may have an adverse impact on the revenue 
generated by the Issuer. Fluctuations in foreign exchange markets may also,  in circumstances where the Issuer 
has obtained funding in other currencies than DKK (e.g., by issuance of Notes in EUR, NOK or SEK), result 
in higher funding costs. Materialisation of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business and the Issuer’s business, results of operations or financial position.  
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low.  
Funding and liquidity risk related to funding costs, liquidity and refinancing risk and access to funds  
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of markedly higher funding costs and/or inability to honour payments when 
due. Liquidity risks arise when a lack of funding in the form of bond sales prevents the Issuer from pursuing its 
business model or from fulfilling its payment obligations. Failure to address the liquidity risk may prevent the 
Issuer from continuing its operations at their current scope and/or meeting its payment obligations on a timely 
basis. 
Currently, the Issuer’s mortgage loans are fully match-funded by the issue of covered bonds, where the cashflow 
on loans matches the cashflow on the covered bonds that fund such loans. The liquidity risk in the mortgage 
book is therefore primarily related to the risk that borrowers do not make timely interest or principal payments 
on the loans. 
The Danish mortgage legislation requires that issuers, such as the Issuer, of covered bonds applicable for 
preferential capital requirements for some investors (in Danish: særligt dækkede obligationer) provide 
supplementary collateral in the event that declining property prices reduce the value of the collateral breaching

--- Page 21 ---
21 
the statutory borrowing limits. A decline in property values could increase the requirement for the Issuer to 
provide supplementary collateral and lead to an increase in the funding needs of the Issuer, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's funding costs, results of operations or prospects.  
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low.  
Risks related to a credit rating downgrade of the Issuer's credit rating 
The Issuer is rated by a credit rating agency and is dependent on credit ratings in order to access the capital 
markets in order to raise capital and funding. The Issuer's credit rating could be negatively affected by a number 
of factors that can change over time, including the credit rating agency’s methodology or the assessment of the 
Issuer's strategy and management, its financial condition, market position, asset quality, capital, funding and 
liquidity, the applicable regulation, macroeconomic developments in key markets as well as global financial 
conditions. Also, the Issuer's credit rating may decline if the rating of the Kingdom of Denmark declines, 
irrespective that there is no direct connection with the Issuer's activities or financial performance. A downgrade, 
or concern about a possible downgrade, of the Issuer's credit rating could affect the Issuer's access to capital 
markets and could lead to higher costs of raising capital and funding, which may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business or prospects. 
The Issuer has been rated by S&P Global Ratings since 2012. 
The Issuer has since May 2017 had an Issuer Credit Rating (ICR) to 'A-'. The Issuer's Stand-Alone Credit Profile 
(SACP) is 'BBB+', which is topped by an ALAC-uplift (additional loss-absorbing capacity) of +1, due to the 
fact that the Issuer has issued loss absorbing senior debt to fulfil the debt buffer requirements set out in section 
268 of the Danish Financial Business Act (the "Debt Buffer Requirement") for Danish mortgage banks. 
The outlook for the Issuer's ratings is stable. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low. 
Regulatory risks related to supervision and non-compliance with regulation, including sanctions, which 
may affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Issuer is subject to extensive legal regulation, including capital requirements, in respect of its conduct as a 
mortgage bank in Denmark. Regulatory risk is the risk that changes, (including of the interpretation of) in 
supervision and regulation applicable to the Issuer, in particular in Denmark, could materially affect or limit the 
Issuer’s business, capital requirements the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Further, the 
European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the Danish FSA will continue to propose detailed rules through 
binding technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including 
the CRR, the CRD and the BRRD. Such changes could potentially lead to a reduction in the regulatory capital 
or an increase in the Risk Exposure Amounts of the Issuer or changes in regulatory requirements. 
Regulators may require higher levels of capital than those required under current or proposed regulations due 
to, among other things, the continued uncertainty involving the financial services industry and the concerns 
over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of institution-specific capital requirements, over the 
financial position of the relevant institution or results from stress tests and other regulatory enquiries. Any such 
requirements, any perception by market participants that the level of capital should be higher or any concern 
regarding compliance with future capital adequacy requirements could, in each case, increase the Issuer’s 
funding costs, limit its access to capital markets or result in a downgrade in its credit ratings, which could, in 
each case, have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, including 
personal data, anti-money laundering and antitrust regulation. Such non-compliance could lead to civil liability,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
disciplinary action, the imposition of fines, which may be significant, and/or the revocation of the licence, 
permission, or authorisation to conduct the Issuer’s business in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates.  
As a consequence of the uniform nature of the Issuer’s products, errors in what was considered to be one single 
case and/or product may due to the uniform nature of the Issuer's products relate to a significant number of 
similar cases and/or products or client relationships, which could affect the extent of the claims that are brought 
against the Issuer.  
Any such sanctions, including significant fines, may have significant adverse consequences for the Issuer's 
financial position, and may adversely limit the Issuer's business activities and materially increase the Issuer's 
operating costs. Further, such sanctions could lead to adverse consequences for the Issuer's reputation, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business or prospects. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been subject to any sanctions which may adversely 
limit the Issuer's business activities or which has materially increased the Issuer's operating costs. Further, the 
Issuer is not, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, involved in, and has not been involved in any court 
proceedings regarding civil liability in relation to such non-compliance with regulation, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business or prospects. 
Investors are referred to the section "Investment Considerations", in particular the subsections "Basel III and 
CRR III / CRD VI Proposals: Finalising post-crisis reforms" and "Resolution tools and powers under the 
BRRD" thereof. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low. 
Basel IV and CRR III/CRD VI: Finalising post-crisis reforms 
The Basel IV framework (implemented in the CRR III and CRD VI, as defined below in the section "Investment 
Considerations") includes a number of different requirements. The Issuer considers the most important impact 
to be the introduction of a capital floor requirement for credit institutions applying internal ratings-based risk 
models. The capital floor requirement entails that a credit institution will be subject to a minimum capital 
requirement across risk types (credit, market and operational risk) starting from 1 January 2025 at 50.00 per 
cent and gradually increasing to 72.5 per cent (when fully implemented) of the capital requirement calculated 
according to the standardised approach. The CRR III also includes some temporary mitigating effects to the 
capital floor; however, these effects are to be phased out by the end of 2032. The introduction of such a capital 
floor implies that the Risk Exposure Amounts of credit institutions applying internal ratings-based risk models 
(such as the Issuer) could be floored at a higher level, which consequently would increase such credit 
institutions' capital requirements. The specific impact of CRR III and CRD VI depends on the final technical 
standards and delegated acts to be adopted pursuant thereto and the implementation in Danish law of the CRD 
VI.  
Another change to the CRR (as a result of CRR III) will mean that, as of 1 January 2025 (and with certain other 
CRR III-rules following in 2027), only guarantees from credit institutions that has a credit rating will be eligible 
as collateral for the issuance of covered bonds (SDO's). This means that guarantees issued by the Issuer's loan 
providing banks under the guarantee concept, see the Section "Business description of the Issuer - Credit risk" 
that do not have a credit rating will not be eligible as security for the issuance of SDO's. This will require DLR 
to issue additional debt as a consequence, which will result in increased funding costs for DLR. 
The Risk Exposure Amounts of the Issuer and the capital requirements applicable to the Issuer are, by their 
nature, calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be 
easily observable or capable of calculation by investors.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy its regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory intervention or sanctions 
or significant reputational harm, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding costs, 
business or prospects. 
MREL Requirement and Debt Buffer Requirement 
With the implementation in Denmark of the BRRD, Danish banks, but not mortgage banks such as the Issuer, 
are required to have bail-inable resources in order to fulfil the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (the "MREL Requirement"). According to the BRRD, mortgage banks, such as the Issuer, are still 
exempt from the application of the MREL Requirement. Instead of MREL, Danish mortgage banks are subject 
to the Debt Buffer. Section 268(1) of the Danish Financial Business Act stipulates that all Danish mortgage 
banks, such as the Issuer, must have a debt buffer of 2 per cent calculated on the basis of the total unweighted 
lending of the individual mortgage bank.  
The Danish Central Bank (in Danish: Danmarks Nationalbank) has stated that it is the opinion of the central 
bank that the mortgage credit banks, such as the Issuer, should be subject to an MREL Requirement. In the 
event, that an MREL Requirement is imposed for the Issuer, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s funding needs, funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Further, section 268(2) of the Danish Financial Business Act states that if a Danish mortgage bank has been 
designated as a systemically important institution ("SII") (such as the Issuer), the debt buffer must be set at a 
level that ensures that the combined requirement of the mortgage bank’s debt buffer and own funds amounts to 
at least 8 per cent of the mortgage bank's total liabilities. However, the debt buffer must be set at a level of at 
least 2 per cent of the mortgage bank's total unweighted lending.  
If an institution does not fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw the mortgage 
banking licence of that institution. If the Issuer is unable to fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, it could have 
an adverse impact on the Issuer's ability to pay amounts due on the Notes.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has issued debt in the form of Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
DKK 4,000 million that is eligible for fulfilment of the Debt Buffer Requirement. Any future changes to this 
requirement may require the Issuer to issue additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by 
supervisory authorities 
The banking and mortgage banking sector, which includes the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and 
other regulatory enquiries to examine the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests 
are initiated and coordinated by the EBA, the Danish Central Bank and/or the national supervisors such as the 
Danish FSA. Stress tests and the disclosure of their results by supervisory authorities can influence the banking, 
mortgage banking or the financial services sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks, 
mortgage banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests could materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation, funding costs and trigger enforcement action by supervisory authorities, 
e.g., through requirements to make additional provisions or result in the Issuer having to meet higher capital 
and liquidity requirements, which may require the Issuer to seek new capital and funding. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Risks related to the operations, business and reputation of the Issuer 
Operational risk arises from human errors, system faults, breakdown of IT systems and insufficient or defective 
internal procedures or external events. Operational risk also includes reputational and strategic risk as well as 
conduct and legal risk.  
The sources of potential loss events arising from operational risks are diverse for financial institutions such as 
the Issuer. This includes examples of fraud, financial crime and other illegal or unethical conduct and business 
practices, non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, errors in documentation or reporting, claims 
relating to inadequate products, insufficient data quality, errors in transaction processing, system failures, as 
well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel.  
The Issuer is dependent on stable and secure IT systems and is vulnerable to a breakdown of IT systems 
internally or at key IT outsourcing partners. A breakdown can be the caused by a malicious cyber or hacker 
attack. The Issuer or key IT outsourcing partners may be the target of malicious hacking with consequences in 
the form of shutdown of individual or all IT systems. Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may be, inter 
alia, financial losses, business disruption, inability to issue bonds, inability to service payments on time, loss 
of data or other sensitive information. 
As of 31 December 2023, approximately 4.2 per cent of the Issuer's Risk Exposure Amount derives from 
operational risk. 
Failure to identify and manage these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation or 
business, result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being imposed and the Issuer may be exposed to losses 
or additional costs and liabilities. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low.   
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business model  
In addition to the mortgage collateral provided for the mortgaged properties and thorough credit assessments, 
the Issuer has reduced the credit risk relating to individual loans and portfolio risks by requiring the financial 
institutions (the Issuer’s shareholders) to provide guarantees for the loans granted as part of the Issuer’s business 
model. In consideration of the provision of loan guarantees and of making their distribution network available 
for the Issuer's provision of loans, customer services, etc., the Issuer pays commission to the financial 
institutions. 
Changes to the loss-mitigating agreements made with financial institutions or failure on the part of the financial 
institutions to comply with these agreements may result in increased losses and thus lower earnings for the 
Issuer. See the risk factor headed "Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and customers of the Issuer" 
above and the Section "Business description of the Issuer - Credit risk". Similarly, changes in the Issuer’s current 
distribution collaboration with shareholder banks could affect the Issuer’s future lending and earnings. The risk 
of such event occurring is regarded as low. 
Risk pertaining to the use of risk models 
The Danish FSA has approved the Issuer’s use of advanced internal ratings-based risk models to determine the 
Risk Exposure Amount for credit risk of the full-time farm portfolio. The models are in accordance with current 
national and international guidelines and approved by the Danish FSA. As they are internal models based on 
the Issuer’s historical data on defaults and losses, as well as modelling assumptions, and since past behaviour 
may not always be a reliable indicator of future behaviour, there is a risk that the models may not capture the 
actual credit and market risk satisfactorily, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results. 
Change in the Issuer's internal models

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The Issuer's internal models may be changed as a result of various factors, including changes in credit markets 
and customer portfolios, market volatility, changes in national or international legislation and changes in 
supervision practice. Changes to the models may result in increased capital requirements for the Issuer, which 
may lead to failure by the Issuer to satisfy its regulatory capital requirements. 
The Issuer has developed a new definition of default (DoD) and a new IRB PD model compliant with new EBA 
guidelines. The Issuer's LGD-model (Loss Given Default model) is not compliant with new EBA guidelines, 
and the Issuer is in the process of developing a new LGD-model. Until this model is approved by the Danish 
FSA the Issuer will make a capital reservation to mitigate the non-compliance risk. 
The risk of such event occurring is regarded as low. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
No limitations on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities that the Issuer may issue, nor on the amount of any other 
obligations it may assume, which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue of any such securities 
and/or the assumption of any such other obligations may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders on a 
resolution, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, which could also affect the market value of an investment in 
the Notes, and/or may increase the likelihood of a cancellation of interest amounts under the Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature is likely to decrease the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes (including if (i) a Tax Event, Capital Event or Eligibility Event specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable with respect to the Notes, occurs 
or (ii) the Clean-up Redemption Option specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable with respect to the Notes and if the Clean-Up Percentage (or more) of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes have been redeemed or purchased and subsequently cancelled) or is 
perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, subject to prior approval by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish 
Resolution Authority (as applicable), the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
If the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as having an option 
to redeem, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer at their Optional Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest. 
If the cost of borrowing for the Issuer decreases, there is an increased risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will 
elect to redeem the Notes. At those time, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after such 
Notes have been issued. Redemption of Subordinated Notes during the first five years after such Notes have 
been issued (and at any time thereafter) is subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator. Similarly, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed prior to their maturity date subject to the prior permission 
from the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority, as applicable, if required by applicable

--- Page 26 ---
26 
law at the time of such redemption. See "Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to 
permission of the Relevant Regulator and/ or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable)".  
Changes in credit ratings may result in a reduction in the market value of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The value of the 
Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by credit rating agencies' appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
If credit rating agencies perceive there to be adverse changes in the factors affecting the credit rating of the 
Issuer, including changes to the applicable rating methodologies, the credit rating agencies may revise lower, 
suspend, or withdraw the ratings assigned to a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer. In addition, credit ratings may 
also change due to changes in law and regulation; see "The Senior Non-Preferrred Notes rank junior to the 
Issuer's unsubordinated creditors pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act", or depending on the 
assessment, by one or more credit rating agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting 
from the changed liability structure following the issuance of the Notes. 
If any rating assigned to a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained by the Issuer, the market value of such Notes may be reduced. 
The Notes, upon issue, are expected to be rated by one or more credit rating agencies lower than the Issuer’s 
credit rating, reflecting the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency.  
Notes with a fixed rate of interest carry interest rate risks  
Investment in Notes with a fixed rate of interest for all or part of their tenor involves the risk that subsequent 
increases in market interest rates may adversely affect the market value of such Notes. 
For example, the market value of fixed rate Notes may decline if market rates exceed the interest rate payable 
under such Notes. Conversely, investors cannot expect the price of fixed rate Notes to exceed the redemption 
price where market rates decline.  
Reset Notes  
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the relevant 
First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest”). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any relevant Reset Interest Period could be less than the 
relevant Initial Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Interest Periods, 
which could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (i.e., if a future Series of Notes is issued below 
par) or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than prices for conventional interest-bearing securities do. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. As a result, there is an increased risk that the market value of such Notes may from time 
to time develop adversely.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Legal risks connected to the Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors pursuant to 
section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
Subject to Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution Event) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, which rank as described in Condition 4(a) (Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) and, in particular, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to present or future 
claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act. 
The Issuer may issue unsubordinated obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event 
of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its unsubordinated creditors 
pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act in full before it can make any payments on the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are 
made to pay amounts due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining 
after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, payments relating to other 
obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may, if there 
are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets 
available to pay amounts due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The claims of holders of Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer as 
described in Condition 4 (Status of the Notes).  
The Issuer may issue other subordinated obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior to 
the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its 
unsubordinated creditors and, subject as described in the paragraph that follows, its other subordinated creditors 
other than the present or future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior 
to each of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are 
made to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes, as applicable. 
According to section 13(4) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, implementing Article 48(7) of the 
BRRD (i.e. Article 1(2)(c) of BRRD II), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds 
instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall rank junior to all 
other liabilities. In principle, this means that liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that are no longer 
fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any 
liabilities resulting from any fully or partially recognised own funds instrument regardless of their contractual 
ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be 
required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or 
partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make 
any payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
Section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, which entered into force on 1 January 2022, 
prescribes a bankruptcy ranking of own funds instruments that is aligned with the CRR. In the case of 
bankruptcy, section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act stipulates that Common Equity Tier 1

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Capital instruments are paid after Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and that Additional Tier 1 Capital 
instruments are paid after Tier 2 Capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). A capital instrument that 
is only partly recognised as an own funds item shall in its entirety be treated as if it belongs to that respective 
own funds item. According to the preparatory works of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, the ranking 
as provided for in section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act will apply irrespective of the 
contractual ranking of the capital instruments. Accordingly, section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act and the preparatory works thereto provide that own funds instruments will rank in accordance 
with their classification in the own funds of the credit institution, regardless of their contractual terms. As an 
example of the operation of section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments that no longer fully or partially 
are recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, but which fully or partially are 
recognised as Tier 2 Capital for the purpose of the CRR, would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining 
after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer that rank, e.g. by operation of section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act and/or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are insufficient 
assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer's pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay 
amounts due under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining 
after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Subordinated Notes, payments relating to other obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer that rank (for example, by operation of section 13(5) of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act) and/or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may, if there are 
insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets 
available to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
There is a risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.  
Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer; redemption subject to permission of the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) 
Under the CRR, any Subordinated Notes may generally not be redeemed during the first five years after such 
Notes have been issued. The Issuer may, subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator (in accordance 
with the requirements in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and Section 2 of the CDR) (as provided in Condition 
7(j)), redeem such Notes five years after issuance if the option is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the other requirements under Condition 7 are complied with. 
In addition, during the first five years after any Subordinated Notes have been issued (and at any time 
thereafter), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to prior permission from the Relevant Regulator, at any time 
redeem all, but not some, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in accordance with Condition 7(c), 
Condition 7(d) or Condition 7(e), as the case may be.  
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any early redemption by the Issuer of such Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date if a Call Option is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, or upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or an Eligibility Event (as the case may be) in accordance 
with Condition 7(c)) will also be subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish 
Resolution Authority (as applicable) if required by applicable law at the time of such redemption. 
The Issuer may exercise any Call Options included in the terms of the Notes at its own discretion. The Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) must, in case of any of the Notes, agree to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
permit such a call option to be exercised by the Issuer, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital 
position of the Issuer and certain other factors at the relevant time, and may refuse to permit such a call to be 
exercised by the Issuer. The market price of the Notes could reflect a market expectation that a Call Option 
included in the terms of such Notes will be exercised by the Issuer. As a consequence, it may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the Notes if the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) would not permit the use of such a Call Option. 
In addition, if, after a notice of redemption has been given in accordance with Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) 
or Condition 7(e), as the case may be, the Relevant Regulator and/or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) withdraw(s) its/their its permission(s) to the relevant 
redemption before the relevant redemption date, the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new 
redemption notice is given and all conditions for redemption as described in Condition 7(j), as the case may be, 
have been fulfilled. Prospective investors in the relevant Notes should be aware that, whether or not a 
redemption notice has been issued in respect of the Notes, any redemption of the Notes will, at all times, remain 
subject to the permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable). 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD (as implemented into Danish law by way of the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act)  
The BRRD contains various powers which may be used alone or in combination without the consent of the 
credit institution's creditors, including the Noteholders, where the relevant resolution authority considers that 
(a) a credit institutions is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such credit institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest, including (I ) the sale of business tool, (ii) the bridge institution tool, 
and (iii) the asset separation tool. 
The exercise of any resolution tools and powers under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could 
have a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures, 
which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in 
respect of debt instruments, such as the Notes, modifications to the terms of debt instruments, such as the Notes, 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension 
on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, such as the Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Loss absorption following a Resolution Event 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes include a principal loss absorption feature that means that the proceeds of their 
issue will be available to absorb any losses of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event. The 
principal loss absorption feature is included as a contractual provision of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a 
result of the fact that the general bail-in tool under the BRRD as implemented in Denmark does not apply to 
Danish mortgage banks such as the Issuer. The principal loss absorption feature applicable to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is (A) intended to have the same effect as the general bail-in tool would have to an institution 
to which the general bail-in tool applies and (B) included as a contractual provision in the Conditions as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be (i) used to fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement of the Issuer 
pursuant to section 268 of the Danish Financial Business Act and/or the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of 
the Issuer (ii) eligible for inclusion in the Additional Loss-Absorbing Capacity (ALAC) of the Issuer as 
described by S&P.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may be written-down permanently (in whole or in part) or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be 
converted (in whole or in part) into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, all as determined by the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority, provided that all other debt instruments and other obligations 
of the Issuer which are expressed to rank or which rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the case of 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer have already fully absorbed losses of the Issuer to the extent required by 
the Danish Resolution Authority before any write-down or conversion of the Notes pursuant to the application 
of Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution Event) 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or a part of their investment as a result of (i) such a write-
down to the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) such a conversion of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes to a subordinated instrument. Any such write-down or conversion is not a default 
in payment pursuant to the Conditions. 
Following (i) a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) a 
conversion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, in either case as 
described above, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be automatically deemed to waive irrevocably 
their right to receive, and no longer have any rights against the Issuer with respect to, repayment of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes so written down or converted (such amount, the "Written 
Down Amount" or the "Converted Amount") or any accrued but unpaid interest on the Written Down Amount 
or Converted Amount. 
Investors should note that any such write-down or conversion as a result of the occurrence of a Resolution Event 
will be irrevocable and that the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will, following any such write-down or 
conversion, not be entitled (A) to any subsequent reinstatement of any Written Down Amount or any Converted 
Amount or (B) to receive any additional subordinated instruments or any other compensation in the event of a 
potential recovery of the Issuer. 
The market price of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is expected to be affected by the financial viability of the 
Issuer. Any indication that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail may have a material adverse effect on the market 
price of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Investors should note that, while neither a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes nor a conversion of the Notes into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer is something that has 
previously occurred, the occurrence of either such event is an appreciable risk and is not limited to the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Uncertainty in respect of the enforceability relating to the principal loss absorption feature of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes 
The principal loss absorption feature for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes included in the Conditions grants 
broad powers and a wide discretion to the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority as to the 
precise scope and manner in which the loss absorption should be affected if a Resolution Event were to occur. 
Certain provisions of the BRRD as implemented into Danish law would apply to an application of the principal 
loss absorption feature. For example, according to section 49 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, the 
Danish Resolution Authority can only exercise its powers to write-down or convert the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes as described in Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution Event) to the extent that the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred had the Issuer been 
wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. Moreover, section 268(a) of the Danish Financial Business 
Act stipulates that capital or debt instruments used to meet the Debt Buffer Requirement must be eligible for 
write-down or conversion without the use of bail-in. However, unlike the general bail-in tool, which applies to 
Danish banks but not to Danish mortgage banks such as the Issuer, there is no explicit statutory basis for the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
principal loss absorption feature. The broad powers and large discretion granted to the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Danish Resolution Authority and the lack of statutory basis for the principal loss absorption feature 
mean that there is some uncertainty in respect of (i) the enforceability of the principal loss absorption feature 
and (ii) the precise scope and manner in which it may be effected if a Resolution Event were to occur. This 
could have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and reforms. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to cease entirely, or to be changed in a way where the consequences cannot be entirely predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
United Kingdom. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
non-United Kingdom based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group 
issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
In Denmark, a working group formed by Finance Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage 
banks, asset management, securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) and the Money Market 
Committee proposed, in July 2019, its final recommendations on the assessment of possible candidates to a 
DKK risk-free reference rate based on wholesale overnight deposits named DESTR (Denmark short-term rate). 
In November 2020, Danmarks Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) assumed responsibility for DESTR. 
Danmarks Nationalbank has started publishing DESTR as of 4 April 2022. The first publication will reflect 
trading activity on 1 April 2022. Thus, DESTR has been available for use in financial contracts with effect from 
1 April 2022. The impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear. Similarly, in Norway a working group has 
been established, which has recommended NOWA (a one-day overnight rate) as the alternative reference rate

--- Page 32 ---
32 
for NIBOR. Since 29 April 2021, the Norwegian Central Bank has been publishing a NOWA compounded index 
and compounded NOWA averages to further support the use of NOWA as a reference rate for financial products.  
Certain initiatives have been made by the ECB in respect of EURIBOR fallback rates (such as the Euro Short-
term Rate) and in Denmark, DESTR which may provide guidance on the market consensus on fallback trigger 
events and fall-back rates, however, it is still not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, 
CIBOR, NIBOR and other benchmarks will continue to be supported going forward. This may cause these 
benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the cessation of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of 
the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR or CIBOR) may adversely 
affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such 
benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, (including any 
page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)), or if a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) otherwise occurs, the rate of interest on Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions in the Conditions applicable to such Notes. Investors are referred to 
the section "Investment Considerations", in particular the subsection "Future discontinuance of certain 
benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR or CIBOR)" for a description of the operation of such fallback 
provisions. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes. 
Further, there is an additional risk that no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the relevant Notes will be made, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could be expected to prejudice, inter alia, the 
eligibility or qualification of the Notes, as more fully described in Condition 5(c)(v).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer’s responsibility 
The Issuer is responsible for this Base Prospectus in accordance with Danish law. 
Responsible persons 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer are responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer  
 
Vagn Hansen  
 
 
 
Carsten Jakobsen  
(Chairman) 
 
 
 
 
(Deputy Chairman)  
 
Claus Andersen 
 
 
 
Ole Beith 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
(Director) 
 
Frank Mortensen 
 
 
 
Lars Petersson 
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
(Director) 
 
Stig Westergaard 
 
 
 
Lars Faber  
(Director) 
 
 
 
 
(Director (staff-elected member)) 
 
Randi Holm Franke 
 
 
 
Jakob G. Hald 
 
(Director (staff-elected member)) 
 
 
(Director) 
 
who have pursuant to a special authority dated 8 May 2024 authorised that the Executive Board may jointly 
sign this Base Prospectus and any future supplements. 
 
The members of the Executive Board of the Issuer are: 
 
Jens Kr. A. Møller 
 
 
 
Pernille Lohmann 
(Managing Director and CEO) 
 
 
(Managing Director) 
 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer are responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Declaration  
The persons responsible for this Base Prospectus hereby declare that to the best of our knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
The persons responsible furthermore declare that this Base Prospectus has been approved by the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (the "Danish FSA") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Danish FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Shareholders and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes.  
Copenhagen, 27 September 2024 
For and on behalf of DLR Kredit A/S 
 
 
Jens Kr. A. Møller 
 
 
 
Pernille Lohmann 
(Managing Director and CEO) 
 
 
(Managing Director)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS  
Issuer’s capital requirements and liquidity requirements 
Basel IV and CRR III / CRD VI: Finalising post-crisis reforms  
The regulatory framework for the Issuer’s capital requirements is set forth in Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendment to such 
Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council) (the 
“CRR”) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from 
time to time (as implemented in Denmark (including, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council) (the “CRD”), and consists of three pillars: 
• 
Pillar I contains a set of rules for calculating the minimum capital requirement (i.e. 8 per cent of the Risk 
Exposure Amount for credit risk, market risk and operational risk - including counterparty credit risk, 
exposures to central counterparties and exposures to collective investment undertakings), a minimum loss 
coverage for non-performing loans (non-performing loan backstop) and large exposure requirements. 
• 
Pillar II describes, inter alia, the ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process), the ILAAP 
(Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process) frameworks and the supervisory review.  
• 
Pillar III deals, inter alia, with market discipline and sets forth disclosure requirements for risk and capital 
management and the individual solvency need. 
The European Union Banking Reform Package, consisting of Directive 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (“CRD V”), Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“BRRD II”), have 
been implemented into Danish law by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act and the Danish 
Recovery and Resolution Act.  
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee issued a publication titled: “Basel III: Finalising post-crisis 
reforms” (informally referred to as the "Basel IV"). The publication includes, among other things, a number of 
changes to and restrictions for credit institutions using internal models. On 27 October 2021, the European 
Commission published its proposal for a review of the CRR Regulation and the CRD Directive, implementing, 
inter alia, Basel IV (the “Basel IV CRR/CRD Package”). The EU legislative process regarding the Basel IV 
CRR/CRD Package has now been completed subject to the national implementation and the regulatory technical 
standards and delegated act to be adopted thereunder. On 19 June 2024, Directive (EU) 2024/1619 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as 
regards supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and environmental, social and governance risks 
("CRD VI") and Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 
amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation 
adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor ("CRR III") were published in the Official 
Journal. Member States will have 18 months to transpose CRD VI into national legislation, whilst CRR III will 
apply directly in all Member States from 1 January 2025.  
CRD VI and CRR III include a number of different requirements. The Issuer considers the most important 
impact to be the introduction of a capital floor requirement for credit institutions applying internal ratings-based 
risk models. The capital floor requirement entails that a credit institution will be subject to a minimum capital 
requirement across risk types (credit, market and operational risk) of 72.5 per cent of the capital requirement

--- Page 36 ---
36 
calculated according to the standardised approach. According to the CRR III, a minimum capital requirement 
of 50 per cent will apply to the Issuer as of 1 January 2025 and will gradually increase until fully implemented 
in 2030. The CRR III l also includes some temporary mitigating effects to the capital floor; however, these 
effects are to be phased out by the end of 2032. The introduction of such a capital floor implies that the Risk 
Exposure Amounts of credit institutions applying internal ratings-based risk models (such as the Issuer) could 
be floored at a higher level, which consequently would increase such credit institutions' capital requirements 
The specific impact of CRR III and CRD VI depends on the final technical standards and delegated acts to be 
adopted pursuant thereto and the implementation in Danish law of the CRD VI. 
The NPE Backstop Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (the “NPE 
Backstop Regulation”) was adopted in 2019 and concerns requirements for minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures (“NPEs”). The purpose of the NPE Backstop Regulation is to limit the build-up of NPEs 
in credit institutions and at the same time encourage the institutions to reduce their current portfolio of NPEs. 
In addition, the purpose is to ensure an adequate reservation for NPEs – contributing towards a more resilient 
financial sector.  
Pursuant to the NPE Backstop Regulation, for all NPEs, a minimum coverage must be calculated, and this must 
be compared with the loan impairment charges made on the exposure. If the minimum coverage exceeds the 
loan impairment charges, this results in a deduction in the institution’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 
corresponding to the difference (referred to as the “NPE backstop”), which would also lead to a lower Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the institution. When calculating the minimum coverage, a distinction is made 
between exposures that are covered by real estate collateral, exposures covered by other collateral and 
unsecured exposures. The minimum coverage increases the longer the exposure is in default and the minimum 
coverage on unsecured exposures is generally higher than on exposures secured by collateral. The minimum 
coverage is 100 per cent. of the exposure in the 10th year after the exposure is considered to be non-performing. 
The NPE backstop deduction in an institution’s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital will to some extent, especially 
for NPE vintage exposures with a high REA, be partly offset by a reduction in the REA calculation in respect 
of such exposures (and thereby in the own funds requirement calculation). 
All exposures granted before 26 April 2019 are excluded from the NPE backstop. However, the exposures fall 
out of the transitional scheme if the terms and conditions regarding the exposure are changed in a way that 
increases the institution's exposure to the borrower. As a consequence, the NPE backstop will increase over the 
coming years, partly due to exposures that fall out of the transitional scheme, and partly due to new NPEs.  
Individual solvency requirement 
Pursuant to Executive Order No. 2155 of 03 December 2020 on Calculation of Risk Exposures, Own Funds 
and Solvency Need, banks and mortgage banks such as the Issuer are required to publish their individual 
solvency need each quarter. The individual solvency need is the capital considered sufficient to cover the 
Issuer’s risks on a consolidated basis. The individual solvency requirement is calculated on the basis of the 
requirement under Pillar I plus a supplement for requirements under Pillar II (the "P2R"). The P2R are the 
additional own funds requirements to cover certain risks, including unexpected losses, risk arising from 
deficiencies in internal governance arrangements and the risk of underestimation of risk due to model 
deficiencies. Competent authorities may require additional Pillar II capital to be maintained by an institution. 
The additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital and at least 75 per cent Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, competent authority may require that the institution 
fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
The CRD includes a combined capital buffer requirement consisting of a capital conservation buffer and, 
depending on the circumstances, increased by an institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, a G-SII 
buffer (applicable to global systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs")) or O-SII buffer (applicable to other 
systemically important institutions ("O-SIIs") and a systemic risk buffer ("SyRB"). 
The combined capital buffer requirement consists, in the case of the Issuer, of a 2.5 per cent capital conservation 
buffer, a 1.0 per cent O-SII buffer and a countercyclical buffer, currently at 2.5 per cent (all are stated as a 
percentage of the overall risk exposure and must be met through the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital under 
CRD/CRR). 
The Danish Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs determines the countercyclical buffer rate in 
Denmark after recommendations from the Danish Systemic Risk Council. On 9 April 2023, the Danish Systemic 
Risk Council recommended to maintain the countercyclical buffer rate at 2.5 per cent., which has applied since 
31 March 2023 following the decision of the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs to set the 
countercyclical capital buffer to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 March 2023. As at the date of this Prospectus, 
it is not possible to predict the future development of the countercyclical capital buffer in Denmark. On 3 
October 2023, the Danish Systemic Risk Council announced its recommendation to the Danish Minister for 
Industry, Business and Financial Affairs to activate a sector specific systemic risk buffer with a buffer rate of 
7.00 per cent. for corporate exposures to real estate companies in Denmark. (the “CRE-buffer”). The CRE-
buffer will be activated from 30 June 2024 and increase the capital requirements of the Issuer through an 
increase in the combined buffer requirement. The Danish Systemic Risk Council must evaluate the CRE-buffer 
requirement at least every two years (and it can be released if the identified systemic risks abate). The CRE-
buffer has resulted in an increase to DLR's combined buffer requirement of 1 percentage point as of 30 June 
2024. 
The Danish FSA designates the Danish O-SIIs once a year on or before 30 June. Since June 2014, the Danish 
FSA has designated the Issuer as an O-SII. The Issuer is expected to be continuously designated as a Danish O-
SII. The designation as a Danish O-SII result in the institution being subject to a higher capital requirement 
(referred to above as the O-SII buffer) reflecting the individual institution's systemic importance, so-called 
systemicness. The O-SII buffer requirement must be fulfilled with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) and 
is expressed as a percentage of the total REA. The Issuer is subject to a O-SII buffer requirement of 1.0 per cent 
as regards Common Equity Tier 1 Capital as of 2024. 
Guidance of additional own funds 
The CRD also includes the possibility for competent authorities to impose “guidance on additional own funds” 
(the "P2G") to credit institutions, such as the Issuer, which sets a level and quality of Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall capital requirement. The 
guidance on additional own funds will be based on, inter alia, the stress tests performed in respect of the Issuer 
(see “Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
- Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by 
supervisory authorities” above). While the P2G is set as a guidance and not as a specific requirement, the P2G 
may de facto be used as the relevant and governing standard in respect of the supervisory process regarding the 
Issuer making a P2G a de facto own funds requirement. Further, in the event of non-compliance with the 
guidance on additional own funds, the relevant credit institution should be expected to notify its competent 
authority and prepare a revised capital plan. Where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the guidance on 
additional own funds, the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, 
impose additional own funds requirements (P2R).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Leverage ratio 
The CRR requires institutions, such as the Issuer, to comply with a “Leverage Ratio” requirement of minimum 
3 per cent Tier 1 Capital.  
Liquidity requirements 
The CRR requires institutions, such as the Issuer, to comply with a “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” (the "LCR") 
and a harmonised binding requirement for stable funding (the “Net Stable Funding Ratio” or “NSFR”). Both 
ratios are required to be above 100 per cent. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD  
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and recovery of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the “BRRD”), including the general bail-in tool, the non-viability loss 
absorption tool and the MREL Requirement, has been implemented into Danish law by the Danish Recovery 
and Resolution Act and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. Any reference to the BRRD 
below shall include the implementation hereof into Danish law. 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range 
of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. 
The BRRD contains various powers which may be used alone or in combination without the consent of the 
credit institution's creditors, including the Noteholders, where the relevant resolution authority considers that 
(a) a credit institutions is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such credit institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest. An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when either: 
(i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its 
assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to 
be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances).  
In such circumstance, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone 
or in combination without the consent of the institution’s creditors: (i) the sale of business tool, (ii) the bridge 
institution tool, (iii) the asset separation tool, and (iv) the bail-in tool.  
The general bail-in tool does not apply to mortgage banks such as the Issuer. However, the relevant resolution 
authority has the power to permanently write-down or convert into equity, certain capital instruments (such as 
the Subordinated Notes), at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-
viability loss absorption”).  
The non-viability loss absorption tool 
The application of the non-viability loss absorption tool with respect to the Subordinated Notes may result in 
the write down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in 
respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Subordinated Notes into shares or other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes to give effect to such application of non-viability loss absorption tool. Accordingly, 
potential investors in the Subordinated Notes should consider the risk that the application of the non-viability 
loss absorption tool could result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than 
the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the non-viability loss absorption 
tool without providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the exercise of the non-viability loss absorption 
tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, 
a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the credit institution 
(which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off principle” under the BRRD). However, any such 
compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to 
be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely 
to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Subordinated Notes 
that have been subject to the application of the non-viability loss absorption tool. 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures, 
which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in 
respect of debt instruments, such as the Notes, modifications to the terms of debt instruments, such as the Notes, 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension 
on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, such as the Notes. 
MREL Requirement and Debt Buffer Requirement 
With the implementation in Denmark of the BRRD, Danish banks, but not mortgage banks such as the Issuer, 
are required to have bail-inable resources in order to fulfil the the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the "MREL Requirement"). According to the BRRD, mortgage banks, such as the Issuer, 
are still exempt from the application of the MREL Requirement. 
The Danish Central Bank (in Danish: Danmarks Nationalbank) has stated that it is the opinion of the central 
bank that the mortgage credit banks, such as the Issuer, should be subject to an MREL Requirement. In the 
event, that an MREL Requirement is imposed for the Issuer, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s funding needs, funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Instead of MREL, Danish mortgage banks are subject to the Debt Buffer Requirement set out in section 268 of 
the Danish Financial Business Act. Section 268(1) of the Danish Financial Business Act stipulates that all 
Danish mortgage banks, such as the Issuer, must have a debt buffer of 2 per cent calculated on the basis of the 
total unweighted lending of the individual mortgage bank.  
Further, section 268(2) of the Danish Financial Business Act states that if a Danish mortgage bank has been 
designated as an SII (such as the Issuer), the debt buffer must be set at a level that ensures that the combined 
requirement of the mortgage bank’s debt buffer and own funds amounts to at least 8 per cent of the mortgage 
bank's total liabilities. However, the debt buffer must be set at a level of at least 2 per cent of the mortgage 
bank's total unweighted lending.  
If an institution does not fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw the mortgage 
banking licence of that institution.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
General investment considerations  
Modification and waivers  
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) or written procedures of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or written procedure and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to the provisions of Condition 18 (Modification of Notes), make any modification 
to the Notes, which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders. 
Because the Notes are dematerialised securities, investors will have to rely on the central securities 
depositary system procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than 
statements of account made by the Securities Depository through which the Notes are issued and settled. 
Ownership of the Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by the Securities Depository through which the Notes are issued and settled. 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading 
market does not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and any liquidity in such market could be 
significantly affected by any purchase and cancellation of the Notes by the Issuer, as provided in Condition 7 
(Redemption, purchase and options). Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
The Issuer is exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies  
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s operations or financial condition, the 
Issuer’s willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect the Issuer’s 
capital market standing.  
Potential investors should note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
any rating agency may revise, suspend or withdraw at any time the relevant rating assigned by it if, in the sole 
judgment of the relevant rating agency, among other things, the credit quality of an issue of Notes or, as the 
case may be, either Issuer has declined or is in question. 
The Issuer may decline ratings and the Notes may be rated on a non-solicited basis 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to the Notes, which would typically 
delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency. In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating 
agencies, rating agencies not hired by the Issuer to rate the Notes may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-
hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to the Notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will 
not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The decision to decline a rating 
assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the assignment of a non-solicited 
rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the 
Notes. 
Legal considerations  
Change of law 
Save where the Securities Depository is ES-OSL (in which event Condition 3(a) (relating to the form, Issue 
Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades), Condition 3(b) (relating to transfers of the Notes) 
and Condition 20 (relating to the delivery of notices to Noteholders) shall be governed by Norwegian law), the 
Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the Notes. The Issuer is not able to predict 
the potential impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Danish, Norwegian or other applicable laws, 
regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the Notes. 
There are no events of default and limited enforcement events related to the Notes  
Each Series of Notes will not contain any events of default and will only contain limited enforcement events 
relating to: 
(i) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes. In such circumstances, 
as described in more detail in Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) and subject as provided below, a 
Noteholder may institute proceedings in Denmark in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to 
such Noteholder; and  
(ii) the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 
11 (Enforcement Events), the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, together with accrued interest thereon. 
Accordingly, a Noteholder under such Series of Notes may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
If proceedings with respect to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer should occur, the holders of the relevant 
Series of Notes would be required to pursue their claims on such Notes in proceedings with respect to the Issuer 
in Denmark. In addition, to the extent that the relevant Noteholders are entitled to any recovery with respect to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
such Notes in any such Danish bankruptcy proceedings, such Noteholders would be entitled to a recovery in 
Danish Kroner or in another relevant currency (the amount of which would be based on the relevant conversion 
rate of Danish Kroner to such currency in effect on the date the Issuer entered into such liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings). 
Furthermore, according to section 17(2) of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, a debtor is insolvent if it cannot meet 
its obligations as and when they fall due, unless the inability to meet such obligations may be considered to be 
temporary. However, according to section 234(2) of the Danish Financial Business Act, notwithstanding section 
17(2) of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, if the Issuer cannot meet its obligations regarding capital raised as Tier 2 
Capital, which as of the date hereof will include the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer is not considered insolvent. 
Therefore, even if the Issuer cannot meet its obligations regarding capital raised as Tier 2 Capital the Issuer will 
not be considered insolvent. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim  
No Noteholder, who shall be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
Minimum trading amount of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
All trades in Notes (other than Exempt Notes) shall either be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or the minimum 
specified denomination of each Note (other than Exempt Notes) shall be a minimum €100,000 (or, in each case, 
if the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts or as a result of the application of the write down and conversion powers, holds an amount which 
is less than €100,000 in its account would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) at or in excess of €100,000 such that its 
holding amounts to €100,000 or above (or, in each case, if the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). It 
is not possible for the Issuer to predict whether the Notes will be subject to write down and conversion powers, 
and Noteholders should be aware that Notes that have a denomination which is not an integral multiple of the 
minimum Specified Denomination after the exercise of such powers may be illiquid and difficult to trade. The 
Noteholder may not be able to purchase such a principal amount, in which case they will have to wait until 
redemption of the Notes to realise any value. If the Noteholder is able to purchase such a principal amount, this 
may be at a price higher than their original investment. 
Substitution and variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes without consent from the holders of such 
Notes 
If an Alignment Event, and/or an Eligibility Event and/or a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event 
has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, 
terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer (provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that 
effect signed by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent). Due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be as favourable to a Noteholder in all 
respects, and there is a risk that a Noteholder will not make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether 
the terms of the relevant Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may

--- Page 43 ---
43 
be, which may adversely affect the market value of such Notes. In addition, it is not certain that the terms of 
any Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable to the terms of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or that the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes will trade at prices that are 
equal to the prices at which the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms.  
Substitution and variation of the Subordinated Notes without consent from the holders of such Notes  
If a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event, has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer may, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of such Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders compared to the terms of the Subordinated Notes (provided that 
the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two members of its Executive Board to the 
Fiscal Agent). Due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder , Qualifying Subordinated Notes may not 
be as favourable to a Noteholder in all respects , and there is a risk that a Noteholder will not make the same 
determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Notes are not 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, which may adversely affect the market value of such Notes. In addition, it is not 
certain that the terms of any Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable 
to the terms of the Subordinated Notes, or that the Qualifying Subordinated Notes will trade at prices that are 
equal to the prices at which the relevant Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms 
of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any 
such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, holders of such 
Notes may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. Noteholders should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of 
premium. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR or CIBOR)  
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate such as EURIBOR or CIBOR were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, (including if any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)), or if a Benchmark Event (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below) otherwise occurs, 
the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark 
rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions in the Conditions applicable to such 
Notes. Such fallback arrangements may include the possibility that, without the consent of Noteholders: 
(i) the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)); and 
(ii) such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) 
by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Conditions of the Relevant Notes. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and 
which may be less favourable to the Noteholders than EURIBOR and CIBOR. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) may also determine (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), without the consent of Noteholders, that other 
amendments to the Conditions of the Notes are necessary, as described in Condition 5(c)(v)(e). 
In addition, potential investors should also note that no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the relevant Notes will be made, if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could be expected to prejudice, inter alia, the 
eligibility or qualification of the Notes, as more fully described in Condition 5(c)(v).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, shall 
constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(i) the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 (together, in each case, with the audit report thereon); and 
(ii) the unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2024, 
each of which has been previously published or is published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such 
documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited annual financial statement of the Issuer for the two financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023, respectively, incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and Danish disclosure 
requirements for issuers of listed bonds. 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 is presented 
and prepared in a form consistent with that which will be adopted in the Issuer’s next published annual financial 
statements. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 as set out in the relevant annual report 
of the Issuer for such periods (respectively, the “2022 Annual Report of the Issuer”, the “2023 Annual Report 
of the Issuer” and together, the “Annual Reports of the Issuer”) and (ii) the unaudited interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2024 as set out in the interim report of the Issuer for such period 
(the “Interim Report of the Issuer”). Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other 
than information listed in the table below is for information purposes only and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 
2022 Annual Report of the Issuer 
Management Statement ......................................................................................................... 
Page 118
Income Statement .................................................................................................................. 
Page 68
Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................................... 
Page 68
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 69
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Pages 104-115
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 72-103
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................... 
Pages 122-126
Audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 
2023 Annual Report of the Issuer 
Management Statement ......................................................................................................... 
Pages 126-127

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Income Statement  ................................................................................................................. 
Page 71
Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................................... 
Page 71
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 72
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Pages 111-123
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 75-110
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................... 
Pages 130-134
Unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2024 
Interim Report of the Issuer 
Management statement .......................................................................................................... 
Page 36-37
Income Statement .................................................................................................................. 
Page 17
Statements of Comprehensive Income .................................................................................. 
Page 17
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 18
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Page 14
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 21-35
 
The section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the following base prospectuses, etc. relating to the 
Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2021 (pages 38-69) (the "2021 Terms and Conditions");  
(ii) Base Prospectus dated 9 August 2022 (pages 54-106) (the "2022 Terms and Conditions"); and 
(iii) Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2023 (pages 56-107) (the "2023 Terms and Conditions") and 
together with the 2021 and 2022 Terms and Conditions the “Previous Terms and Conditions”). 
The Interim Report of the Issuer for the first half of 2024 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online 
at https://dlr.dk/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/DLR-Kredit-Interim-Report-Q1-2024.pdf  
The 2023 Annual Report of the Issuer incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://dlr.dk/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/DLR-Kredit-Annual-Report-2023.pdf  
The 2022 Annual Report of the Issuer incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://dlr.dk/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/DLR-Kredit-Annual-Report-2022.pdf 
The Annual Reports of the Issuer and the Interim Report of the Issuer are English translations of the original 
reports in the Danish language. In the event of discrepancies between the original Danish text and the English 
translation, the Danish text shall prevail.  
The 2023 Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://dlr.dk/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/DLR-Basis-Prospectus-for-Debt-Issuance-Programme-2023.pdf.  
The 2022 Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://dlr.dk/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/DLR-Basis-Prospectus-for-Debt-Issuance-Programme-2022-1.pdf. 
The 2021 Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at https://dlr.dk/wp-
content/uploads/2021/09/DLR-Kredit-Senior-Non-Preferred-Base-Prospectus-15092021.pdf.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) subject to completion 
and/or amendment and/or replacement by the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) the relevant Pricing Supplement. Unless the 
context otherwise requires, references in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) Programme: 
DLR 
Kredit 
A/S, 
CVR 
no. 
25781309, 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI): 
529900PR2ELW8QI1B775 (the “Issuer”) has established a Debt Issuance Programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issuance of notes (the “Notes”). References herein to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes 
for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
(b) Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
“Series”) and each Series may compromise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes (as defined below) is the subject of a final terms document 
(the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”). Each Tranche of 
Exempt Notes is the subject of a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which completes and/or 
amends and/or replaces the Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) 
as completed and/or amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, shall prevail. Where a particular Condition 
is applicable only to certain classes or to a particular Tranche or Series of Notes, “Notes” shall be construed 
in accordance with the relevant Condition. The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify 
whether the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.  
(c) Recording of Notes in dematerialised form: Each Series of Notes issued under the Programme will be 
recorded electronically in dematerialised book entry form with either: 
(i) 
VP Securities A/S (branded as Euronext Securities Copenhagen) “ES-CPH” with such term deemed 
to include any successor or replacement thereto)), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen 
K, Denmark, CVR no. 21599336 in accordance with an agreement between the Issuer and ES-CPH 
(effective date 18 October 2005) (DLR Kredit A/S in this capacity, the “VP Issuing Agent”) and the 
terms and conditions in effect from time to time of ES-CPH; or 
(ii) Verdipapirsentralen ASA (branded as Euronext Securities Oslo) (“ES-OSL”, with such term deemed 
to include any successor or replacement thereto)), Tollbugata 2, NO-0152 Oslo, Norway in 
accordance with an agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and the VPS Issuing Agent (as 
defined below) and the terms and conditions in effect from time to time of ES-OSL, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
In relation to a Series of Notes, references herein to "Securities Depository" shall mean whichever of ES-
CPH or ES-OSL is so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and 
references herein to "Issuing Agent" shall mean: 
(A) 
if the Securities Depository is ES-CPH, the VP Issuing Agent; and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is ES-OSL, the VPS Issuing Agent.  
In relation to a Series of Notes, settlement of such Notes will take place on:  
(A) 
 if the Securities Depository is ES-CPH, the ES-CPH settlement platform, or on the TARGET2-
Securities (T2S) platform or any successor or replacement thereto ("T2S"), if the required 
conditions for T2S settlement as set out in ES-CPH’s settlement rules are fulfilled. The T2S 
platform provides harmonised and commoditised delivery-versus-payment settlement and 
corporate actions processing in central bank money; or  
(B) 
if the Securities Depository is ES-OSL, the ES-OSL settlement platform. Any VPS Notes settled 
on the ES-OSL settlement platform must comply with the Norwegian Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
on Central Securities Depositories (the “CSD Act”), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 
909/2014 (“CSDR”) into Norwegian law, any regulations passed under the CSD Act and the rules 
of ES-OSL, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time. The holders of such Notes will 
be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under the CSD 
Act and 38 any related regulations and legislation as well as the terms and conditions in effect from 
time to time of ES-OSL.  
All subsequent references in the Conditions to “Notes” are, unless the context otherwise requires, to the 
Notes of the relevant Series. 
2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, in addition to the expressions defined in Condition 1 above, the following expressions have 
the following meanings: 
“Additional Amounts” shall have the meaning given in Condition 9(a); 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (in Danish: hybrid 
kernekapital) (or any equivalent or successor term) under the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant 
Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner,

--- Page 50 ---
50 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate; 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“ALAC” means Additional Loss-Absorbing Capacity (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to 
time); 
“Alignment Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, CRD/CRR and/or BRRD 
(including any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing BRRD) and/or the legislation relating to 
the Debt Buffer Requirement (as applicable), at any time after the date of issue of the last Tranche of such 
Notes, the Issuer would be able to issue an Eligible Liability that contains one or more provisions that are, in 
the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those in the Conditions; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer (following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable to the relevant Interest Periods, or, 
(ii) in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, to the relevant Reset periods,  
or, in any case, if the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if applicable)) determines 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if 
applicable)) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(ii) the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that 
it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(iv)(A); or 
(v) the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders 
using such Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used;  
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Business Centre(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or 
(ii) in the case of euro, a day on which the T2S is operating (a “T2S Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
(the "Original Calculation Amount"), provided that if the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note is 
reduced as required by the current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
shall (a) adjust the Calculation Amount on a pro rata basis to account for such reduction and (b) notify (1) the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20, and (2) the Paying Agent (if the Paying Agent is not the 
Calculation Agent), of the details of such adjustment; 
“Calculation Period” means the period from, and including, the first day of any period of time in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest of any Note to, but excluding, the last day of such period (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period);

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"Capital Event" means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, on or after the date of issue 
of the last Tranche of such Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of such Notes that results or 
will result in:  
(i) 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the regulatory capital of the Issuer; or 
(ii) reclassification, in whole or in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
In each case provided that (a) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of 
such Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance and (b) the Relevant Regulator considers 
such a change to be sufficiently certain. For the avoidance of doubt, and in the case of Subordinated Notes only, 
a Capital Event shall not be deemed to have occurred in case of (i) a partial exclusion of the Notes as a result 
of any applicable limit on the amount of Subordinated Notes or (ii) any amortisation of the Subordinates Notes 
pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR (or any equivalent or successor provision); 
"CDR" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014, supplementing the 
CRR with regard to regulatory technical standards for own funds requirements for institutions (Capital 
Delegated Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time;  
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c); 
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital" means common equity tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) 
of, the Issuer as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable 
transitional arrangement under CRD/CRR;  
"Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio" means the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate amount 
of the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer divided by the Risk Exposure Amounts of the Issuer  
 as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional 
arrangements under CRD/CRR and reported to the Relevant Regulator;  
“Converted Amount” shall have the meaning given in Condition 6(b); 
“CRD” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing 
or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD, the CRR and any CRD/CRR 
Implementing Measures; 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other 
rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent 
required by the CRD or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European Banking Authority 
(or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“CRR” means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements dated 
20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 as well as the 
amendments to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 resulting from Regulation (EU) 
2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 as regards adjustments in response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic); 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act no. 1600 of 25 December 
2022, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Capital Markets Act” means the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act no. 198 of 26 
February 2024, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act no. 1731 of 5 
December 2023, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
"Danish FSA" means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority; 
“Danish Limitation Act” means the Danish Limitations Act (Consolidated Act no. 1238 of 9 November 2015, 
as amended or replaced from time to time);  
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Act on Restructuring and Resolution of Certain 
Financial Undertakings (Consolidated Act no. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended or replaced from time to time); 
“Danish Resolution Authority” means Finansiel Stabilitet and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the restructuring and resolution of the Issuer, as determined by the 
Issuer; 
"Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Denmark, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (or, 
as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or implementing such Directive) as amended or 
replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be written down, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable,

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;  
(v) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date (if any) or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Debt Buffer Requirement” means the debt buffer requirement referred to in section 268 of the Danish 
Financial Business Act;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
“Eligibility Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time, on or after the 
date of issue of the last Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a change in the regulatory treatment 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as a result of (i) a change of laws, (ii) new laws or regulations coming into 
effect or (iii) a change in the interpretation or administrative practice by the Relevant Regulator) that results, or 
will result in, their exclusion in full from eligibility for the purposes of the Debt Buffer Requirement of the 
Issuer and/or the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer, provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant 
Regulator that the change in regulatory treatment of such Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
their issuance;  
“Eligible Liability” means a security that, if issued, would be eligible for the purposes of (i) the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer and (ii) the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer; 
“Enforcement Events” has the meaning given in Condition 11; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
“euro” and “€” mean the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (as amended from time to time); 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
"Exempt Notes" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1(a);  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“First Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the Maturity Date ; 
"First Reset Period Fallback Yield" means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to Condition 
5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Reset Margin;  
“Fiscal Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 12; 
“FISN” means the financial instrument short name code which, if applicable, will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(i) 
in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later 
than five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) in the case of Notes for which the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, in any Reset Period, the date that is no later than 
five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period;  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international and/or Nordic repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international and/or Nordic debt capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Initial Mid-Swap Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
"Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (as applicable):  
(i) 
the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; and  
(ii) any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period:  
(i) 
the day falling two T2S Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro; or 
(ii) the day falling two Business Days in Copenhagen prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner; or 
(iii) the day falling two Business Days in Oslo prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner; or

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(iv) the day falling two Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor; or 
(v) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is not euro, Danish Kroner, Norwegian Kroner or 
Swedish Kronor; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, for any Reset Period 
the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) 
has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable, 
EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), CIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner), NIBOR 
(if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner), STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor) or 
(in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified 
Currency and selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement of eligible liabilities referred to in the BRRD and 
relevant implementing legislation in Denmark; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate; 
"nominal amount" means in respect of a Note or Notes held by a Noteholder, unless the context otherwise 
requires, the Outstanding Principal Amount(s) of such Note(s). 
“Noteholder” means a person who is registered with the Securities Depository as directly registered owner or 
nominee holder of a Note; 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a Noteholders’ meeting held pursuant to Condition 14; 
“Optional Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 5(c)(v), 
as applicable; 
“Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the relevant Notes issued other than:  
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions;  
(ii) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(iii) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions;  
provided that, for the purposes of:  
(i) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders; and  
(ii) the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 13 and 15, as 
applicable,  
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note: 
(i) 
 if such Note is a Senior Non-Preferred Note issued by the Issuer, the outstanding principal amount of 
such Note as adjusted from time to time for any reduction of the principal amount of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer; or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(ii) if such Note is Subordinated Note, the outstanding principal amount of such Note as adjusted from time 
to time for any reduction of the principal amount of such Note required by then current legislation and/or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer;  
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note; 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a); 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 
7(j)(iii); 
"Principal Minimum Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended; 
“Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any 
time, any securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Debt Buffer Requirement of the Issuer, the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer and the ALAC 
of the Issuer, in each case, to at least the same extent as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(ii) carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(iii) have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding Principal 
Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(iv) rank senior to, or pari passu with such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7(i);  
(v) shall not at such time, following the substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i), be subject to an 
Eligibility Event, a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event; 
(vi) have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of such Notes, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that 
effect signed by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be 
available at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business 
Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(i), the issue date of the 
relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(i), the date such 
variation becomes effective; 
(vii) if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) such Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected 
by the Issuer; and 
(viii) have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them if such Notes had a 
solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, at any time, any 
securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
constitute Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer immediately following the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 7(i); 
(ii) carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to such Notes prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(iii) have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding Principal 
Amounts as such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(iv) rank pari passu with such Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i); 
(v) shall not at such time, following the substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(i), be subject to a 
Capital Event and/or a Tax Event; 
(vi) have terms not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Notes compared to the terms of such 
Notes and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two members 
of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s 
specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to (x) in the case of 
a substitution of such Notes pursuant to Condition 7(i), the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in 
the case of a variation of such Notes pursuant to Condition 7(i), the date such variation becomes effective; 
(vii) if (A) such Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or (B) such Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected 
by the Issuer; and 
(viii) have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them if such Notes had a 
solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable and subject, at all times, if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, 
unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
“Rating Methodology Event” means, in respect of a Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a change 
in, clarification to or amendment of any relevant methodology of S&P (or in the interpretation of such 
methodology) after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of which 
the ALAC assigned to the Notes by S&P is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, reduced in full;  
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal 
Danish office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset 
Period; 
"Reference Bond Quotation" means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Determination Date if 
Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered yields for the 
relevant Reference Bond provided to the Calculation Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately 
the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v). In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the 
Reference Rate shall be any one of Compounded Daily EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, subject as 
provided in Condition 5(c)(v); 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Article 1(1)(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Danish FSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, as determined by the 
Issuer; 
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or the 
Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Reset Period; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Danish 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of (as applicable) (i) displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate or (ii) displaying rates or prices comparable to the relevant Reset Reference Rate;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable;  
"Reset Period" means the Frist Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation 
to such Reset Period if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on the basis of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at the Relevant 
Time on such Reset Determination Date. If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond 
Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference 
Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Interest Period will be (a) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First 
Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (b) in the 
case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Period Fallback Yield; 
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
of five major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant 
Reset Reference Rate; or 
(ii) if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
of five major banks which are primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
“Reset Reference Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) 
and Condition 5(c)(v), if applicable: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable: 
(a) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(b) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) if Reference Bond is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable: 
(a) if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of 
the relevant Reference Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or  
(b) if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or (ii) a Relevant Screen Page is not 
so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date; 
“Resolution Event” means that a determination has been made by the Danish Resolution Authority that the 
conditions for resolution in accordance with section 4 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act have been 
satisfied; 
"Risk Exposure Amounts" means the aggregate amount of the risk exposure amounts (or any equivalent or 
successor term) of, as the case may be, the Issuer, in each case as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with 
CRD/CRR requirements and any applicable transitional arrangements under CRD/CRR; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or any successor therefor); 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable;  
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 4(a);  
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which rank below (i) any 
unsubordinated notes issued by the Issuer and (ii) any obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu with any 
unsubordinated notes upon an insolvency of the Issuer in accordance with section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery 
and Resolution Act; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
"Subordinated Notes" means the Notes (i) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, and (ii) having the status set out in Condition 4(b);

--- Page 65 ---
65 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable; 
“Subsequent Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date (if any), as the case may be; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) and Condition 5(b)(iv), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any entity, any company which is for the time being a subsidiary within the 
meaning of sections 5-7 of the Danish Companies Act; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto;  
“Tax Event” means: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of external counsel in the Kingdom 
of Denmark that (A) it would be required to pay Additional Amounts as provided in Condition 9; or (B) it 
will no longer be able to obtain a tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest 
under such Notes, in each case in respect of such Notes provided that the Issuer satisfies the Relevant 
Regulator that such change in tax treatment of such Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the time of their issuance; and 
(ii) (in the case of (i)(A) only) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
“Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) under 
the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as Tier 2 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) under 
the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; 
"VPS Issuing Agent” means the VPS issuing agent appointed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
“Written Down Amount” shall have the meaning given in Condition 6(b); and 
“Written Procedure” means a written procedure held pursuant to Condition 15.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
3 
Form, Issue Date, denomination, currency, nominal amount, trades, transferability and title 
(a) Form, Issue Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades: 
(i) 
The VP Notes are in bearer form (in Danish: ihændehaver). The VPS Notes are in bearer form (in 
Norwegian: ihendehaverobligasjoner). The Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form through the Securities Depository.  
(ii) The Issue Date for each Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(iii) The Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes may be adjusted as required by then current 
legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer. Any such adjustment to the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts of the Notes will not have any effect on the Specified Denomination(s) of such 
Notes. 
(iv) The Notes are denominated in the Specified Currency. The Aggregate Nominal Amount for each 
Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The 
Notes shall be registered in the Securities Depository in multiples corresponding to the Specified 
Denomination. The minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. It may be specified in Specified 
Denominations in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, that all trades in 
Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a certain minimum amount. In respect 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes, either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for 
Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
(v) The Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, depending upon the status 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(vi) The Notes are also Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
(b) Transferability and title: 
(i) 
The Notes are freely transferable, but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or under laws to which a Noteholder may be 
subject. Each Noteholder must ensure compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
(ii) Legal title to the Notes will pass by electronic registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by the Securities Depository in accordance with relevant governing law and the rules and 
procedures of the Securities Depository from time to time. A Noteholder shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as the absolute holder of the relevant Notes for all purposes and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities 
Depository is ES-OSL, where a nominee is evidenced as the owner of a Note by a book entry in the 
records of the Securities Depository, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant 
Note.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(iii) If the Securities Depository is ES-CPH, the Issuer shall, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to the extent permitted under applicable regulations and the 
rules and procedures of ES-CPH from time to time, have access on demand to static data and such 
data on ownership of the Noteholders as registered in the system of ES-CPH. 
(iv) The Issuer may use the information referred to in Condition 3(b)(iii) only for the purposes of carrying 
out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Conditions and shall not disclose such 
information to any Noteholder. 
(c) Noteholder’s rights: 
(i) 
If a beneficial owner of a Note not being registered as a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights 
under the Notes (including, but not limited to participating in Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure), it must obtain proof of ownership of the Notes, acceptable to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a Written 
Procedure). 
(ii) A Noteholder (whether registered as such or proven to the satisfaction of the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, to be the beneficial owner of the Note as set out 
in Condition 3(c)(i)) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it in 
relation to some or all of the Notes held or beneficially owned by such Noteholder. The chairman of 
the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, shall only have to examine the face of a power 
of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to this Condition 
3(c) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise apparent from its face or the 
chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Issuer, as applicable, has actual knowledge to the 
contrary. 
4 
Status of the Notes 
(a) Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer. 
Subject to Condition 6, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations 
of the Issuer, and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Issuer’s ordinary shares and any subordinated obligations or instruments of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or any 
obligations pursuant to section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to 
receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(b) Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes (in Danish: kapitalbeviser) on issue constitute Tier 2 
Capital (in Danish: supplerende kapital) of the Issuer under the CRD/CRR requirements. 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated debt obligations of the Issuer, and 
shall, subject to (A) the Danish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in section 13(4) (as amended 
or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act and/or (B) section 13(5) (as 
amended or replaced from time to time) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, at all times rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) pari passu with (a) any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that constitute Tier 2 Capital 
and (b) any other obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to (a) holders of the Issuer’s ordinary shares, (b) any obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute Tier 1 Capital, and (c) any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes, in each case as regards 
the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to 
receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 
of the Danish Bankruptcy Act and creditors that are creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and (b) other subordinated creditors of the Issuer other than the present or future claims 
of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, 
in each case as regards to the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
(c) No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim: No Noteholder, who shall be indebted to the Issuer, shall 
be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder. 
To the extent that any Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off, netting or counterclaim in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off, 
netting or counterclaim is effective under any applicable law, if the Noteholder receives or recovers any 
sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of such set-off, netting or counterclaim, 
such Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off, netted or counterclaimed. 
(d) Further issues: The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or instruments, with identical 
or other ranking than the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(a) on Fixed Rate Notes shall only apply if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal 
Amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). 
(b) Interest on Reset Notes: 
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(b) on Reset Notes shall only apply if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being 
applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Reset Note bears interest on its Outstanding 
Principal Amount: 
(a) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
such interest being payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the relevant Rate of Interest 
is to be determined. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(f). 
(iii) Fallbacks: This Condition 5(b)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as Mid-Swap Rate. If on any Reset 
Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant 
Reset Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(v), as applicable, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(b) if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic 
mean) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) 
and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of 
(A) the arithmetic mean of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(e) if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be equal to the 
sum of (A) the Reset Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination 
Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of: 
(A) if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin; 
(B) if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(C) if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being applicable, (A) the last observable rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iv) Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 5(b)(iv) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as being 
applicable. The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
will be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, to a basis which matches the per annum frequency 
of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to be determined by the 
Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(c) Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(c) on Floating Rate Notes shall only apply if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, as being applicable to one or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not

--- Page 71 ---
71 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iv) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to 
the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable;  
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable; and 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels

--- Page 72 ---
72 
time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) in the case of CIBOR, 
12.00 noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the 
case of STIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal Danish 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal 
Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00

--- Page 73 ---
73 
a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(v) Reference Rate Replacement: This Condition 5(c)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if (i) the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as 
being applicable and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, as the Reset Reference Rate, or (ii) the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as applicable and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, in each case, to one or more Interest 
Periods and if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), as applicable, the 
Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(a) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread; 
(b) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
still determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(v). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(c) if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such Successor Reference Rate

--- Page 74 ---
74 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or the 
Reset Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(c)(v)); 
(d) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders) also specify changes to the Conditions in order to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the Business Centre(s), 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Reset Reference Rate, Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time and/or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest 
in relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available (such amendments, the “Reference Replacement Amendments”); 
and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 20, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the 
Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v) shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Calculation Agent or the 
Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5(c)(v), the Rate of Interest 
for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iii) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser (if applicable), is unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(v), and (ii) where the Issuer 
determines a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the 
Conditions (if any).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(v): 
(i) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and 
no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v), 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice:  
(A) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the eligibility of the Notes for the purposes of 
the Debt Buffer Requirements of the Issuer; or 
(B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer; and/or 
(ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(v), if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(d) Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(e) Margin:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made 
to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to 
the next paragraph. 
(ii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (up or down in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the Securities Depository from time to time). For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the relevant Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of 
those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has not been adjusted as described in the definition 
thereof, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period (or any other period for which 
interest is required to be calculated) shall be the amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or 
such other period for which interest is required to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per 
Calculation Amount. In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the product of the 
amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other period for which interest is required 
to be calculated) in the manner provide above) per Calculation Amount and the number by which the 
Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the Specified Denomination of such Note, 
without any further rounding. 
In the case of Notes where the Calculation Amount has been adjusted as described in the definition thereof, 
where the Specified Denomination of a Note is the Original Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for any Interest Accrual Period (or any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated) shall be the amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such other 
period for which interest is required to be calculated) in the manner provided above) per Calculation 
Amount. In the case of such Notes, where the Specified Denomination of a Note is a multiple of the 
Original Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period (or any other period for which interest is required to be calculated) shall be the product of:  
(i) the amount of interest per Calculation Amount (determined for such Interest Accrual Period (or such 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated) in the manner provided above); and 
(ii) the number by which the Original Calculation Amount is required to be multiplied to equal the 
Specified Denomination of such Note, 
without any further rounding. 
If required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts are reduced and/or reinstated, as applicable, during an Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation 
Amount will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent to reflect such Outstanding Principal Amounts from 
time to time so that the relevant amount of interest is determined by reference to such Calculation Amount 
as adjusted from time to time, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual 
Period falling in the relevant Reset Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the relevant Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Accrual Period or, as applicable, for each Interest Accrual Period falling in the relevant Reset 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent (where the Calculation Agent is not the Fiscal Agent), the Issuer, the Paying Agent (where the 
Paying Agent is not the Issuer), the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information, the Issuing Agent (where the 
Issuing Agent is not the Issuer), and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such

--- Page 77 ---
77 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or, in the circumstances described in Condition 
5(c)(v), the Issuer, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Conditions and/or relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation 
Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in the Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the relevant Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Copenhagen or London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Loss absorption following a Resolution Event 
(a) Application: This Condition 6 is only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
(b) Write-down or conversion: Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be written down permanently (in whole or in part) or 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be converted (in whole or in part) into a subordinated instrument of 
the Issuer, all as determined by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority, provided 
that all other debt instruments and other obligations of the Issuer which are expressed to rank or which 
rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer have 
already fully absorbed losses of the Issuer to the extent required by the Danish Resolution Authority before 
any write-down or conversion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to the application of this 
provision. 
Following a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or a 
conversion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, in either case 
as a result of the application of this Condition 6(b) the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
automatically deemed to waive irrevocably their right to receive, and no longer have any rights against 
the Issuer with respect to, repayment of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
so written down or converted (such amount, the “Written Down Amount” or the “Converted Amount”) 
or any accrued but unpaid interest on the Written Down Amount or Converted Amount. 
The application of this Condition 6(b) is not a default in payment pursuant to the Conditions.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(c) Effect: A write-down or conversion as described in Condition 6(b) will take effect on the date and in the 
manner determined by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority. 
(d) Notice: 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event or as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that a Resolution 
Event may or will occur; and 
(ii) upon any write-down or conversion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of the application 
of Condition 6(b) or as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that any such write-down or conversion 
may or will occur, 
the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 20. Such notice will include: (A) in the case of a notice pursuant to (i) above, details of the 
relevant Resolution Event and (B) in the case of a notice pursuant to (ii) above, details of the relevant 
write-down or conversion. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6(d) shall for the avoidance of doubt not affect the validity and enforceability of any write-
down and conversion of Notes pursuant to the application of this Condition 6. 
7 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8. 
(b) Early Redemption Amount: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), 7(d), 7(e) or Condition 7(f) shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. 
(c) Reasons for redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 7(c) shall apply only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
(ii) Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j), upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event in relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer 
may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if such Notes are Floating 
Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date provided, however, that in the case (i)(A) of the definition 
of Tax Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, if such Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes, a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling 
within the then current Interest Period applicable to such Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional Amounts were a payment 
in respect of such Notes then due. 
(iii) Redemption upon the occurrence of an Eligibility Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 
7(j), and if the relevant Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specifies that this 
Condition 7(c)(iii) applies, then upon the occurrence of an Eligibility Event in relation to any Series 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to 
the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time 
or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date. 
(d) Reasons for redemption of Subordinated Notes:  
(i) 
Application: This Condition 7(d) shall apply only to Subordinated Notes.  
(ii) Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j), upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Event in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, at its 
option, having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 20 
(which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes, 
on an Interest Payment Date provided, however, that in the case (i)(A) of the definition of Tax Event, 
no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, if such Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes, a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within the 
then current Interest Period applicable to such Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
such Notes then due. 
(iii) Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(j), 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
may, at its option and at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission 
Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if such 
Notes are floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date.  
(e) Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable, as having an option to redeem (the "Call Option"), the Issuer may (and subject 
as provided in Condition 7(j)), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice in accordance 
with Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable), redeem the then outstanding Notes in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in part on any Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such optional redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (which may be their Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 7(b) above)) together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less that the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option: If (i) Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and (ii) 75 per cent. or any other percentage specified 
in the Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of 
the relevant Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes pursuant to Condition 19)

--- Page 80 ---
80 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each 
case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at any time, at its option, (but subject to the provisions of Condition 7(e) 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 20 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem 
all (but not some only) of such outstanding Notes, at their Outstanding Principal Amounts together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation described in this Condition 7(f) shall not take into account any 
adjustment to the Outstanding Principal Amounts in accordance with the definition of Outstanding 
Principal Amounts. 
(g) Purchases: The Issuer may at any time (but subject to Condition 7(j)) purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise at any price (including, for the avoidance of doubt, for market making purposes during the 
five years following the date of the issue of the last tranche of Notes). The Notes so purchased, while held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall not entitle the Noteholder to vote at any meetings of Noteholders and 
shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of determining a quorum at any meeting of 
Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 13 and Condition 15.  
(h) Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may (but subject to Condition 7(j)) be 
cancelled by the Issuer when the Issuer holds the title to them. The Notes are cancelled in the records of 
the Securities Depository so that the cancelled Notes cannot be reissued or resold, and subsequently the 
Issuer has no obligations pertaining to the cancelled Notes. The outstanding amount of Notes will be 
updated in the records of the Securities Depository. 
(i) 
Substitution and variation:  
(i) 
This Condition 7(i)(i) is only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes:  
(A) Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 20) and the Fiscal Agent, if an Alignment Event and/or an Eligibility 
Event and/or a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are 
continuing, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 7(j)) at its option, substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(B) Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Such substitution or 
variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
(ii) This Condition 7(i)(ii) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes: 
(A) Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 20 (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the holders of Subordinated Notes, and the 
Fiscal Agent, if a Capital Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the 
Issuer may (subject to Condition 7(j)) and if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, specifies that this Condition 7(i)(ii) applies, at its option, substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Subordinated 
Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(B) Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the holders of Subordinated Notes can inspect or obtain 
copies of the new terms and conditions of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. Such substitution 
or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders of such Subordinated 
Notes. 
(j) 
Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date:  
(i) 
This condition 7(j)(i) is only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes:  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, modified, substituted 
or varied (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(e), Condition 7(f), 
Condition 7(g), Condition 7(h), Condition 7(i), Condition 13, Condition 15 or Condition 18(ii), as 
the case may be, if: 
(A) in the case of any such variation or modification, not covered by Condition 7(j)(i)(B) below, 
the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator and/or (if applicable, as determined by the Issuer) 
the Danish Resolution Authority of, and the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution 
Authority have/has, as applicable not objected to such variation or modification (as applicable); 
(B) in the case of any such (i) variation or modification which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, would lead to material changes that would affect the relevant eligibility criteria of the 
Notes in the Debt Buffer Requirement; or (ii) redemption, substitution, purchase or 
cancellation, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution 
Authority (if applicable, as determined by the Issuer) of, and the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Danish Resolution Authority have/has, as applicable, if required by applicable law at the time 
of such redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation, given permission to, such 
redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation (as applicable) and, if so given by the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable), such permission 
has not been withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) prior to the date fixed for redemption, substitution purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable); and 
(C) in relation to redemption as a result of a Tax Event and/or an Eligibility Event, as the case may 
be, the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two members of its Executive Board to the 
Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during 
its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date set for redemption 
that such event has occurred or, in the case of a Tax Event relating to a requirement to pay 
Additional Amounts, will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, 
as the case may be. 
(ii) This Condition 7(j)(ii) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled or modified, substituted or 
varied (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(e), Condition 7(f), 
Condition 7(g), Condition 7(h), Condition 7(i), Condition 13, Condition 15 or Condition 18(ii), as 
the case may be, if: 
(A) in the case of any such variation or modification not covered by Condition 7(j)(ii)(B), below, 
the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant Regulator has not objected 
to, such variation or modification;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(B) in the case of any such (i) variation or modification which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, would lead to material changes that would affect the relevant eligibility criteria of the 
Subordinated Notes in the applicable CRD/CRR requirements; or (ii) redemption, substitution, 
purchase or cancellation , the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator of, and the Relevant 
Regulator has given permission to, such redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable) in accordance with applicable CRD/CRR requirements (which, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes as at 27 September 2024 are set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and 
Section 2 of the CDR) and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator, such permission has not been 
withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator prior to the date fixed for redemption, substitution, 
purchase or cancellation (as applicable); and 
(C) in the case of a redemption as a result of a Tax Event and/or a Capital Event, as the case may 
be, the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two members of its Executive Board to the 
Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during 
its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date set for redemption 
that such Tax Event and/or Capital Event, as the case may be, has occurred or, in the case of a 
requirement to pay Additional Amounts, will occur no more than 90 days following the date 
fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(iii) If applicable, after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), 
Condition 7(e) or Condition (f) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution 
Authority (as applicable) withdraw/withdraws their/its, as applicable, permission to the relevant 
redemption before the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be 
revoked and the relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and 
all conditions for redemption as described in this Condition 7(j) have been fulfilled. The redemption 
restriction described in this paragraph is referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early 
Redemption Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) to 
grant their/its, as applicable, permission to any such variation, modification, redemption, 
substitution. purchase or cancellation (as applicable) pursuant to paragraph 7(j)(i)(B) or 7(j)(ii)(B) 
of this Condition 7(j) (or, as the case may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) of any such permission)) will not constitute an event of 
default under the relevant Notes. 
8 
Payments 
(a) Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer 
to an account denominated in the Specified Currency with a custody bank to the Noteholders shown in 
the relevant records of the Securities Depository, in accordance with and subject to the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing the Securities Depository. 
(b) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives which are applicable to such payments in the place of payment or other laws to 
which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by any such laws, regulations or directives, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(c) Payment on Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  
9 
Taxation 
(a) Gross up: All payments of interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of it having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note or the receipt of 
interest in respect of such Note; or 
(ii) Claim more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: where a claim for payment is made by the 
Noteholder more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on claiming payment on or before 
the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
The payment of Additional Amounts by the Issuer will be limited to payments of interest only.  
(b) Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in the Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or 
such other jurisdiction. 
(c) FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereunder. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be subject to limitation under the Danish 
Limitation Act and shall become void unless proceedings have been commenced or the limitation period has 
otherwise been suspended or interrupted pursuant to the rules of the Danish Limitation Act within 10 years (in 
the case of principal) or three years (in the case of interest) from the date when the creditor was entitled to claim 
payment within the meaning of section 2 of the Danish Limitation Act. 
11 Enforcement Events 
(a) No events of default: There are no events of default in respect of the Notes. Holders of the Notes shall 
not be entitled at any time to file for bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.  
(b) Enforcement Events: If an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer (an "Enforcement Event"), any Noteholder may prove or claim in such 
proceedings in respect of the Notes, such claim being for payment of the Outstanding Principal Amount

--- Page 84 ---
84 
of such Note at the time of commencement of such bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer together with 
any interest accrued and unpaid on such Note from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the occurrence of such Enforcement Event and any other amounts payable on the Notes 
(including any damages payable in respect thereof). Such claim shall rank as provided in Condition 4. 
(c) Enforcement of obligations: Subject to Condition 11(a) and without prejudice to Condition 11(b), any 
Noteholder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings in Denmark against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under 
the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to 
pay any sum of sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
(d) Danish Recovery and Resolution Act: For the avoidance of doubt, no other events than those set out in 
this Condition 11 shall constitute an Enforcement Event in relation to the Notes. Accordingly, resolution 
(in Danish: afvikling) within the meaning of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act or suspension of 
payment and/or delivery obligations (moratorium) pursuant to section 4a of the Danish Recovery and 
Resolution Act in each case in respect of the Issuer and/or the Notes, as the case may be, shall not constitute 
an Enforcement Event in relation to the Notes. 
12 Agents 
(a) Appointment of Agents: The Issuer will perform the tasks of the VP Issuing Agent, the fiscal agent 
(“Fiscal Agent”) as they are described in the Conditions and the tasks of the paying agent (“Paying 
Agent”), which is paying any amount due under the Notes in accordance with the Conditions. The Issuer 
will also perform the task of the Calculation Agent unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint a VP Issuing 
Agent, Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent or a Calculation Agent that is not DLR Kredit A/S. The Issuer may at 
any time appoint a VPS Issuing Agent if not already appointed under these Conditions.  
The Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. 
(b) Replacement of Agents: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other paying 
agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), which is 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with the Securities Depository and (iv) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
13 Decisions by Noteholders 
(a) Powers of Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(i) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting held in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 13 and Condition 
14 (a "Noteholders' Meeting") or a Written Procedure pursuant to Condition 15 shall, subject to the 
Conditions, have power to: 
(A) sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer, whether or not 
those rights arise under the Notes; 
(B) sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(C) assent to any modification of the Notes or the Conditions proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) authorise anyone to concur in or do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to a 
resolution taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; 
(E) appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the Noteholders pursuant to the Danish Capital 
Markets Act; 
(F) appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; and 
(G) approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes or the Conditions. 
(ii) The Issuer or the Fiscal Agent shall upon request provide the convening Noteholder(s) with the 
information available in the securities register kept by the Securities Depository in respect of the 
Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure, as the case 
may be. 
(iii) Decisions to be taken by the Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the Issuer, at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(iv) A Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 14. 
(v) A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 15. 
(b) Voting rights: 
(i) 
Each Noteholder holds one vote for each Note. The Issuer has no voting rights in respect of Notes 
held by the Issuer. 
(ii) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person who is, 
recorded as a Noteholder: 
(A) on the date falling on the immediately preceding Business Day to the date of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting being held, in respect of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(B) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Condition 15(a), in respect of 
a Written Procedure, 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or in such Written 
Procedure.  
(iii) In order to be entitled to exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a 
Written Procedure, each Noteholder must document its holding of Notes by:  
(A)  presenting a custody account statement from the Securities Depository or an authorised 
institution evidencing that such Noteholder was registered as a Noteholder on the Business Day 
specified in the notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 14(c) or 
communication to instigate a Written Procedure pursuant to Condition 15(a), as applicable; or  
(B) providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a Noteholders’ Meeting is satisfactory 
to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the case of a Written Procedure is satisfactory 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(iv) For the purposes of this Condition 13(b), a beneficial owner of a Note that has a Note registered in 
the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Condition 3(c), be deemed to be the owner of the 
Note rather than the nominee. No vote may be exercised at Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written 
Procedure by any nominee if the beneficial owner of the Note has presented relevant evidence to the 
chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a 
Written Procedure) pursuant to Condition 3(c) stating that it is the beneficial owner of the Notes 
voted for. If such owner of the Notes has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Notes, the 
owner of the Notes votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same 
Notes. 
(c) Percentage of Noteholders required to consent: 
(i) 
The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 75 per cent of 
the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding for which Noteholders are voting at 
a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with 
the instructions given pursuant to Condition 15(a): 
(A) a change to the terms of any provision of Condition 4 and/or Condition 6 or 7, as applicable; 
(B) a reduction of the amount payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to 
Condition 7 other than as permitted or required by the Conditions; 
(C) a change to the interest rate or the nominal amount of the Notes (other than as permitted or 
required by the Conditions); 
(D) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders’ consent set out in this 
Condition 13(c)(i); 
(E) a change of Issuer (other than as permitted or required by the Conditions), an extension of the 
tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the 
Notes; 
(F) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities (other than as permitted by the 
Conditions); and  
(G) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 12, or as otherwise permitted or required by the Conditions. 
(ii) Any matter not covered by Condition 13(c)(i) above shall require the consent of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a 
Written Procedure. 
(d) Quorum: 
(i) 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder 
(or Noteholders) representing at least 50 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding in case of a matter pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i), and otherwise 20 per cent in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding: 
(A) if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear 
through duly authorised representatives); or 
(B) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(ii) Notes held by the Issuer shall not be taken into account when determining whether the required 
quorum has been met according to Condition 13(d) or Condition 15(b). 
(iii) No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain Noteholders or 
others an undue advantage over other Noteholders. 
(e) Issuer’s, Paying Agent’s, Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s consent 
required: Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or 
benefits of the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent under 
the Conditions shall be subject to the Issuer’s, the Paying Agent’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s 
or the Calculation Agent’s consent, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Decisions binding on all Noteholders and information to Noteholders: 
(i) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of Written Procedure 
is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for 
a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders. 
(ii) Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall 
promptly be notified to the Noteholders, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any 
decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(g) Minutes: Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding 
meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting 
for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
14 Noteholders’ Meeting 
(a) Attendance: 
(i) 
The following may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
Noteholders and proxies having presented relevant evidence to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iii); 
(B) 
any beneficial owners of the Notes having presented relevant evidence to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 3(c); 
(C) 
any representative of the Noteholders appointed pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets Act;  
(D) 
the chairman; and 
(E) 
the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent (through their respective representatives) and 
their respective financial and legal advisers. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
(b) Chairman:  
(i) 
The chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate or, if no 
nomination is made, the person elected by the Noteholders present at such meeting.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(ii) If the Securities Depository is ES-CPH, the Issuer shall, upon request, provide the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting with the information available in the securities register kept by ES-CPH in 
respect of the Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(c) Convening a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more Noteholders representing at 
least 10 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes convene a Noteholders' Meeting 
or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in 
addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not be 
given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(ii) The Issuer shall call the Noteholders by notice to each Noteholders’ Meeting no later than 14 days 
after having received request to convene such Noteholders’ Meeting from the Noteholders containing 
the subject of such meeting. If the Issuer does not call the Noteholders’ Meeting within the deadline, 
the Noteholders shall be entitled to call the Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to convene a 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date 
on which the notice is sent. The notice to convene a Noteholders' Meeting shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 20. 
(d) Notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting: The notice pursuant to Condition 14(c)(ii) shall include the 
following: 
(i) 
time for the Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 10 days but not more than 30 days after 
the notice to the Noteholders; 
(ii) place for the Noteholders’ Meeting (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform); 
(iii) specification of the Business Day pursuant to Condition 13(b)(ii)(A) on which a person must be 
registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders); and 
(v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved 
upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such 
requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(e) Venue for Noteholders’ Meetings: All Noteholders’ Meetings shall be held in the Copenhagen area and 
the Issuer shall pay expenses associated with the meeting other than travel and other expenses incurred by 
the Noteholders which shall be borne by each individual Noteholder.  
15 Written Procedure 
(a) Instigating a Written Procedure: 
(i) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication to each such 
Person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date on which the communication is sent. 
(ii) A communication pursuant to Condition 15(a)(i) shall include the following: 
(A) each request for a decision by the Noteholders;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(B) a description of the reasons for each request; 
(C) a specification of the Business Day(s) on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in 
order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for such reply 
containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney; 
and 
(E) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time 
period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Condition 
15(a)(i)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the 
communication. 
(b) Decisions: When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding pursuant 
to Condition 13(c) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be 
adopted pursuant to Condition 13(c) even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not 
yet expired.  
16 Repeated Noteholders' Meeting or Written Procedure 
(a) Convening a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: 
(i) 
Even if the necessary quorum set out in Condition 13(d) is not achieved, the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or Written Procedure, as applicable, shall be held and voting completed for the purpose of recording 
the voting results in the minutes of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. 
The Issuer or the person who convened the initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable, may, within ten Business Days of that Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as 
applicable, convene a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the same agenda as 
the first Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. 
(ii) The provisions and procedures regarding a Noteholders’ Meetings and a Written Procedure, as set 
out, as applicable, in Conditions 13, 14 and 15 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a repeated 
Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, with the exception of the quorum requirements set out 
in Condition 14(d). A notice to convene for a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, 
as applicable, shall also contain the voting results obtained in the initial Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure, as applicable, 
(iii) A repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may only be convened once 
for each initial Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable. A repeated Noteholders’ 
Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, may be convened pursuant to the procedures of a 
Written Procedure in accordance with Condition 15, even if the initial meeting was held pursuant to 
the procedures of a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Condition 14 and vice versa.  
(b) Quorum at a repeated Noteholders’ Meeting or Written Procedure: The quorum at any such repeated 
Noteholder’s Meeting or Written Procedure, as applicable, is one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, unless the business of 
such meeting includes consideration of a matter pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i), in which case the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding Notes or representing Noteholders holding Notes in principal amount 
of not less than 33 1/3 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount.  
17 Representative

--- Page 90 ---
90 
No trustee, agent or representative of the Noteholders will be appointed. 
18 Modification of Notes or Conditions 
The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders: 
(i) any modification to the Notes or the Conditions to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) subject to Condition 7(j), any modification to the Notes or the Conditions which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Subject as provided in the Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes or the Conditions except 
with the consent of the Issuer and sanction of a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure or as may be 
required by applicable laws or a court ruling or decision by a relevant authority. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19 Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
20 Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository in 
force from time to time and in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the procedure of the Securities 
Depository. 
21 Force majeure 
Even in areas where a stricter statutory liability applies, neither the Issuer nor the Issuing Agent, the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be liable for losses due to: 
(i) 
the breakdown of or lack of access to IT systems or damage to the data of these systems which can be 
attributed to paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below regardless of whether the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) itself or themselves or an external supplier is responsible for 
the operation of the systems; 
(ii) failures in the Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s (as relevant) 
power supply or telecommunications, statutory intervention or administrative acts, natural disasters, war, 
insurrections, civil riots, sabotage, terror or vandalism (including computer viruses and backing); 
(iii) strike, lockout, boycott or blockade regardless of whether the conflict is directed at or initiated by the 
Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) itself or themselves or 
its or their organisation and regardless of the reason for the conflict and whether the conflict affects all or 
part of the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant); or 
(iv) other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s (as relevant) control.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
If circumstances mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above occur, which make it impossible for the Issuer, the 
Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent to comply with their obligations under these 
Conditions (to the extent they have any obligations under the Conditions), including (but not limited to) the 
Issuer’s obligations to make payments under the Notes, these obligations will be suspended until the 
circumstances in question cease. 
The Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s exemption from liability 
pursuant to this Condition 21 will not apply if: 
(i) 
the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) should have 
anticipated the factor causing the loss when the agreement was entered into or should have avoided or 
overcome the reason for the loss; or 
(ii) the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) is liable for the factor 
causing the loss pursuant to applicable legislation. 
22 Waiver and remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of a Noteholder, any right in the Conditions shall 
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by 
law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, 
similar or other instances without such notice or demand. 
23 Governing law, jurisdiction and recognition of write down or conversion powers 
(a) Governing law: Save as provided in the sentence that follows, the Conditions and the Notes are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Danish law. If the Securities Depository is ES-OSL, 
Conditions 3(a), 3(b) and 20 are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law 
(b) Jurisdiction: The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Conditions and the Notes. 
(c) Recognition of write down or conversion powers:  
(i) This Condition 23(c)(i) is only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
by its acquisition of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that 
any liability arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion as provided for in Condition 6(b). 
(ii) For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of such Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under such Notes may be subject to (without limitation) the exercise 
of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes only, in accordance with section 16 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution 
Act, implementing Article 59 of the BRRD). Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay in accordance with 
Condition 20. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and 
enforcement of the Danish Statutory Loss Absorption Powers.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general 
financing requirements including, inter alia, supplementary collateral requirements and, to the extent eligible, 
to fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement of the Issuer pursuant to section 268 of the Danish Financial Business 
Act. The Issuer is, at the date of this Base Prospectus, not subject to the MREL Requirement. If and to the extent 
that the Issuer becomes subject to the MREL Requirement, the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Notes by the Issuer will, if eligible, be used to fulfil the MREL Requirement of the Issuer. 
The Notes will not qualify as regulatory capital according to CRR. 
Subordinated Notes  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Subordinated Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet 
part of its general financing requirements. Each Tranche of Subordinated Notes will form part of the Issuer's 
capital base.  
The Notes will qualify as regulatory capital according to CRR. 
Use of Proceeds in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable 
Each of the expected use of proceeds set above may be varied in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background 
The Issuer is a Danish mortgage bank established in 1960. The Issuer grants loans against mortgages on real 
property within the agricultural (including residential farms), commercial, and private cooperative housing 
sectors. 
The Issuer established a mortgage credit business on 12 October 1960 under the name of Dansk Landbrugs 
Realkreditfond. The Issuer was founded by Danmarks Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) and the then 
Associations of Danish Banks and of Danish Savings banks as a result of several years of deliberations on the 
availability and terms of credit in the Danish agricultural sector.  
The Issuer was organised as an independent foundation with an assembly of representatives as the governing 
body. The Issuer had its own statutory basis (Act no. 278 of 7 July 1960 on a Financing Institute for Farming 
and Agriculture, etc.), which limited the lending to agricultural, forestry and market garden property, etc. The 
Issuer had the exclusive right to provide mortgage-credit loans to agriculture in the range from 45 per cent to 
70 per cent of the value of the property, based on the issuance of bonds.  
This exclusivity ended 1 January 1999. As of 1 July 2000, the Issuer’s statutory basis was changed to the legal 
framework of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds etc. Act, (Consolidated Act no. 
315 of 11 March 2022, as amended) (the "Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. 
Act,") and, at the same time, the Issuer acquired a status equal to that of the other Danish mortgage banks. From 
then on, the Issuer’s lending was no longer limited to agricultural, forestry and market garden property, etc.  
Effective 1 January 2001, the Issuer was converted into a limited liability company under its present name 
(DLR Kredit A/S), a company founded on 1 December 2000.  
After the conversion, the Issuer expanded from solely offering loans to agriculture to including also private 
residential rental properties, private cooperative housing properties, office and retail properties, public housing 
properties, manufacturing and workshop properties, community power plants and “other properties” (mainly 
unbuilt land). Since 2002, the Issuer has also, albeit to a limited extent, been granting loans in Greenland and, 
since 2009, the Faroe Islands.  
Ownership, legal structure and license 
The Issuer’s registered office is situated in the City of Copenhagen, at Nyropsgade 17, DK-1780 Copenhagen 
V, Denmark. The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is DLR Kredit A/S. The Issuer carries on business 
under the secondary name, Dansk Landbrugs Realkreditfond A/S. 
The Issuer is incorporated in Denmark as a limited liability company under the laws of Denmark and is 
registered in Denmark with the Danish Business Authority under company registration (CVR) number 25 78 
13 09. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code: 529900PR2ELW8QI1B775. 
Pursuant to Article 2 of the Issuer’s Articles of Associations, the Issuer’s object is to carry on business as a 
mortgage bank and other business deemed to be related to this object.  
The Issuer’s share capital amounts to DKK 569,964,023 divided into shares of DKK 1 each. The share capital 
is not divided into classes. At the date of preparation of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer holds 46,122,083 shares 
itself, representing 8.1 per cent of the share capital. The remaining share capital consisting of 523,841,940 
shares has been fully paid up. 
The Issuer’s shares are primarily owned by domestic financial institutions. No shareholder holds a controlling 
interest. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been informed that the following shareholders have

--- Page 94 ---
94 
an ownership interest of more than 5 per cent: Sparekassen Danmark, Nykredit Realkredit A/S, Sydbank A/S, 
DLR Kredit A/S, PRAS A/S and Vestjysk Bank A/S. 
The Issuer is not part of a group. The Issuer’s shares are not admitted to trading on a regulated market, and any 
share transaction, that is, transfer of ownership and/or voting rights, is subject to approval by the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors. The Issuer primarily distributes its products (loans) through its shareholding banks, but also 
through other financial institutions. The Issuer has no knowledge of any agreements that may lead to third-
parties obtaining control of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is licenced by the Danish FSA to operate its business, and the Danish FSA supervises the Issuer on 
an ongoing basis. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been designated as an SII by the Danish 
FSA. 
The Issuer had total assets of DKK 192.9bn (approx. EUR 25,6bn) as at 31 December 2023, and the Issuer’s 
total equity amounted to DKK 17.1bn (approx. EUR 2.29bn) as at 31 December 2023. Profit before tax for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 was DKK 1.8bn (approx. EUR 240m). The Issuer had 234 full-time 
equivalent employees on average in 2023, and a number of part-time employed agricultural valuers.  
Financial highlights 
DKK millions 
2023 
2022 
Income statement: 
 
 
Core income 
1,368 
1,476
Staff costs and administrative expenses, etc.
-350 
-326
Other operating costs (contribution to Resolution Fund)
-22 
-19
Provision for impairments on loans and receivables, etc.
1 
10
Earnings from investment portfolios (sub-funds)
800 
-215
Profit before tax 
1,797 
927
Profit after tax 
1,347 
720
Balance sheet: 
 
Loans and advances
181,961 
169,920
Issued bonds at fair value 
172,006 
161,707
Equity 
17,149 
15,791
Total assets 
192,890 
180,244
Financial ratios: 
 
Total capital ratio (per cent) 
24.0 
24.3
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio (per cent)
22.2 
22.5
Profit before tax as a percentage of equity
10.0 
6.0
The Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer is a mortgage bank operating in Denmark. In addition, the Issuer operates a mortgage lending 
business in Greenland and the Faroe Islands of very limited significance. 
The Issuer carries on mortgage credit business, including any kind of activities permitted pursuant to the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. Act and other applicable legislation on mortgage 
banks in force at any given time.  
The Issuer primarily offers mortgage financing of agricultural, forestry and market garden property, private 
residential rental property, private cooperative property, office and retail property and manufacturing and 
workshop property.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
At 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s loan portfolio in terms of nominal outstanding bond debt amounted to DKK 
189.3bn, of which loans to Greenland and the Faroe Islands amounted to DKK 4.5bn or 2.4 per centof the loan 
portfolio. Total lending to agriculture represented 50.6 per cent of the outstanding bond debt; lending to owner-
occupied dwellings including residential farms represented 5.5 per cent and lending to commercial properties 
and private cooperative properties represented 43.8 per cent (as set out below): 
The Issuer’s mortgage loans at nominal value by property category 
as at 31 December 2023 
Proportion
(per cent) 
Agricultural properties, incl. market garden property 
50.6 
Owner-occupied dwellings, incl. residential farms 
5.5 
Office and retail properties 
 17.3 
Private residential rental properties 
 22.0 
Private cooperative properties 
2.1 
Other properties 
 2.4 
The Capital structure 
The Issuer’s capital structure should provide an adequate capital surplus and thus create the foundation for 
running a sound mortgage-credit business that can sell bonds on competitive terms. Moreover, the capital 
structure should be based on having the largest possible equity given the cost of other capital components, 
including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. The Issuer must also have sufficient surplus to ensure 
continual loan-to-value (LTV) compliance with respect to covered bond (SDO) loans and to meet over collateral 
(OC) requirements from the rating agencies and also requirements concerning the accumulation of debt buffers. 
The Issuer’s capital structure at 31 December 2023 is shown below: 
DLR’s own funds at 31 December  
2023 
(DKKm) 
2022
(DKKm)
Share capital 
570 
570
Issuance premium 
0 
0
Non-distributable reserves 
2,355 
2,338
Retained earnings 
13,388 
12,163
Profit for the year 
1,347 
720
Tier 1 Capital primary deductions: 
1,105 
-85
Tier 1 Capital after primary deductions 
16,044 
15,706
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
0 
0
Tier 1 Capital incl. Additional Tier 1 Capital after 
deductions  
16,044 
15,706
Other deductions 
0 
0
Tier 1 Capital incl. Additional Tier 1 Capital 
16,044 
15,706
Tier 2 Capital 
1,298 
1,300

--- Page 96 ---
96 
DLR’s own funds at 31 December  
2023 
(DKKm) 
2022
(DKKm)
Included Tier 2 Capital 
1,298 
1,300
Own funds before deductions 
17,342 
17,006
Deductions in own funds 
0 
0
Own funds after deductions 
17,342 
17,006
Ratings  
The Issuer is rated by the credit rating agency S&P. The credit rating is assigned to the Issuer by S&P at the 
request of the Issuer and with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process. S&P has been established in 
the European Community and is registered pursuant to European Parliament and Council Regulation 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (CRA regulation). 
DLR ratings 
S&P 
Issuer Credit Rating 
A-/Stable/A-2 
A rating of a security may at any time be revised, suspended, reduced or withdrawn by the assigning credit 
rating agency. Further, the Issuer may terminate the relationship with the credit rating agency. 
Risk management 
As a mortgage credit bank, the Issuer is exposed to various types of risk, such as credit risk, market risk, liquidity 
risk and operational risk, etc., of which credit risk is the most significant. However, the Issuer’s risk of loss is 
contained by the Issuer’s relatively simple business model and fully match-funded lending operations, guarantee 
and loss-mitigating concepts, limited market risk, etc. 
The Issuer has elected to operate with capital resources that exceed the regulatory minimum requirement. The 
Issuer’s capital resources combined with its annual profit, which constitute a front-line buffer against loss, 
should therefore be able to absorb losses on a substantial scale.  
Risk management is a key feature of the Issuer’s day-to-day operations. Like other mortgage banks, the Issuer 
is subject to the Danish Mortgage Credit Loans and Mortgage Credit Bonds, etc. Act, the Danish Financial 
Business Act, the Executive Order on Bonds and other Executive Orders issued pursuant to the above 
legislation. 
The Issuer applies the specific balance principle as defined in Executive Order on Bonds to its lending activities. 
Applying the principle means there is a full funding match between the interest and principal payments received 
by the Issuer from borrowers and the Issuer’s payments to bondholders. 
In reality, the balance principle means the Issuer’s credit business does not assume interest rate, exchange rate 
or liquidity risk – including prepayment risk. The Issuer’s main risk is credit risk, i.e., the risk that a borrower 
is unable to repay a loan. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for monitoring and mitigating the risk incurred by the 
Issuer. Based on the Issuer’s business model and risk assessments, etc. the Board of Directors has determined 
policies and guidelines and hence limits for the risk that the Issuer may assume. Delegation of responsibility 
throughout the organisation is based on these policies, guidelines and limits. 
The Board of Directors is regularly updated on and addresses general risk issues at Board meetings and on an 
ad hoc basis as the situation requires. Furthermore, a comprehensive assessment of the Issuer’s risk situation is

--- Page 97 ---
97 
prepared and presented at least annually to the Board of Directors, who determines whether risk levels are 
acceptable. The Issuer’s Executive Board is regularly updated at meetings or in writing about the Issuer’s risk 
profile and is also involved in the ongoing monitoring and management of risks more general or principle in 
nature within individual risk areas.  
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has also established a Risk Committee and an Audit Committee to address risk 
issues. The Audit Committee is tasked with reviewing accounting, auditing and security practices and 
monitoring the Issuer’s internal control and risk management systems. The Risk Committee’s duties include 
advising the Board of Directors on the Issuer’s overall current and future risk profile and strategy and helping 
the Board of Directors ensure its risk strategy is implemented. The Risk Committee also undertakes preparatory 
work on key materials associated with, for example, risk assessments and with determining the Issuer’s adequate 
own funds and solvency requirement prior to the Board of Directors undertaking its deliberations. 
Credit risk 
As a mortgage bank, the Issuer only grants loans against a registered mortgage on real property subject to 
statutory limits on loan-to-value (LTV), etc. This activity means that credit risk, arising from the risk of loss 
due to a borrower defaulting on payment obligations to the Issuer, constitutes the most significant share of the 
Issuer’s aggregate risk. 
Due to the chosen business model, the Issuer’s credit risk is limited to and concentrated around agriculture, etc., 
together with commercial properties (office and retail properties, private residential rental properties, 
manufacturing and workshop properties, and community power plants) and cooperative housing properties, and 
– to a limited extent – owner-occupied dwellings in the form of residential farms and also properties on 
Greenland and the Faroe Islands. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has determined the Issuer’s credit policies and guidelines for the granting of 
credit – including limits for the Executive Board’s lending authorities – in order to achieve the desired level of 
risk. Within the set limits, internal business procedures and instructions further delegate lending authorities to 
the various sections/persons in the Issuer’s organisation. 
To identify credit risk, a detailed assessment is made of the mortgageable property and the borrower’s finances. 
The starting point for assessing the mortgageable property is determining its market value. This is done by the 
Issuer’s own valuation experts, who have significant local knowledge. The condition and marketability of the 
property, etc. are also taken into account in the valuation. 
Assessing the customer’s finances normally involves several years of financial statements. The assessment 
process takes into account both general economic factors and individual factors that may affect the loan 
applicant’s score. Budgets are important in connection with purchases and substantial investments, including 
whether a reasonable financial balance can be achieved based on realistic expectations. 
Credit scoring models are used for certain customer segments. Whether additional or more detailed information 
about the borrower is required varies from case to case and depends on the borrower’s financial circumstances. 
The more complex and risky the case, the more detailed the investigations to ensure an adequate basis for 
decision-making. the Issuer’s organisational set-up ensures a separation of functions between the property 
valuation and the credit assessment. 
As well as cover in the mortgaged property and a detailed credit assessment, the Issuer has further reduced its 
credit risk on individual loans and its risk at portfolio level via various guarantee scheme provided by the 
Issuer’s loan-distributing banks (the Issuer’s shareholders).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
1. Risk cover – guarantee provisions (Universal guarantee concept)  
The loan-distributing bank generally provides an individual guarantee in favour of the Issuer on disbursement 
of the loan that covers the individual loan for its entire term and covers the least secured part of the loan. For 
mortgage-credit loans granted by the Issuer, the guarantee covers the outermost 2 per cent. of the loan’s 
outstanding amount In some cases, for example when certain loans that have an extended business guarantee 
are remortgaged, the Issuer may require a supplementary guarantee to be posted. 
The guarantee is reduced proportionally as the loan is paid down.  
Loans on the Faroe Islands and Greenland are not covered by the universal guarantee concept and therefore 
require more comprehensive guarantees. 
Loans for public housing construction are generally partly guaranteed by the Danish government or Danish 
municipalities. 
2. Risk cover – Loss off-set scheme  
The Issuer’s universal guarantee concept also encompasses an additional loss off-setting scheme in the 
commission payments made to the loan distributing bank where the Issuer off-sets all losses incurred by the 
Issuer beyond that covered by the 2 per cent. guarantee provided at the loan level against the commission 
payments. Only losses on loans distributed by the particular bank are off-set in commission payments. Losses 
can be off-set in commissions for up to 10 years.  
Losses which are subject to off-set in future years' commission payments will be subject to interest payable to 
the Issuer at 3M Cibor plus 6 percentage points per annum.  
3. Risk cover – Portfolio guarantee  
If losses to be off-set exceed the current year’s and the following nine years’ commissions, the Issuer can 
demand that such losses be covered by drawing on the portfolio guarantee, which is based on the 2 per cent. 
guarantee provision on individual loans. 
Termination of certain guarantee scheme and guarantee agreement 
Effective as of 30 June 2024, the loan-loss guarantee scheme covering loans on commercial property and the 
guarantee agreement covering loans on agricultural and market garden property has been terminated.  
Credit risk models 
The Danish FSA has approved the Issuer’s transition to the advanced IRB approach for its full-time farm 
portfolio as from Q1 2016. Due to new EBA guidelines, the Issuer has developed a new definition of default 
(DoD) and a new PD (probability of default) model, both compliant with the new rules. The Issuer is in working 
process of developing a new LGD (Loss Given Default) model compliant with the new EBA guideline. 
Meanwhile, the Issuer has made a capital reservation to mitigate the non-compliance risk. 
The credit risk models cover the full-time agriculture loan portfolio, which accounts for around half of the 
Issuer’s total lending. The agriculture portfolio is divided into retail (residential, hobby and part-time farms), 
market garden and full-time farms. Categorisation as full-time farm assumes, among other things, that one or 
more of the following criteria are met: (i) total agricultural holding of more than 40 ha; (ii) total livestock value 
of more than DKK 0.2m; or (iii) production type fish farming, poultry or mink. 
The models the Issuer uses to estimate portfolio risk (behavioural score) comprise PD (Probability of Default) 
and LGD (Loss Given Default). The same structure is involved in a loan application situation, though additional 
components relevant to the application situation are also included. These factors are combined with the current 
exposure to calculate risk exposure. A high PD reflects a high risk on a customer, whereas a low PD reflects a 
low risk on a customer.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
LGD indicates the Issuer’s financial loss relative to exposure when a customer defaults. The model is based on 
the Issuer’s experience of impairments and distressed properties. 
The Issuer regularly monitors portfolio ratings, as credit scores are re-calculated every month. Both the Board 
of Directors and the Executive Board receive periodical reports on the rating systems and portfolio 
developments. 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board must approve any significant changes deemed necessary to 
the rating systems before they are presented to the Danish FSA for approval. The Board of Directors receives 
an annual validation report that shows how all the models have performed. 
Risk Management prepares all validation reports, while Model Development develops the models. Both 
departments report to the Executive Board and are independent of the rest of the organisation. 
Liquidity risk 
The risk of loss due to current liquid assets being insufficient to cover current payment obligations is limited 
for the Issuer. This is because the Issuer adheres to the specific balance principle whereby loan payments match 
the payments on issued bonds (match funding). Hence, there is a 1:1 correlation between the loan granted to 
the borrower and the bonds issued by the Issuer to fund the loan. 
There are many advantages to this model, which ensures a funding match in terms of maturity, interest rate, 
currency and loan repayment. Hence, payments received by the Issuer from borrowers less an administration 
margin to the Issuer (risk and administration fee) perfectly match the amounts the Issuer has to pay bondholders. 
In general, the balance principle means the Issuer essentially only assumes a credit risk in connection with its 
lending activities. 
As the individual borrower’s dates for making interest and principal payments are pre-determined, the Issuer 
will – assuming due payment – receive the funds prior to or no later than concurrently with the equivalent 
payments falling due to bondholders. A mismatch will only occur when the frequency of the borrower’s 
payments is higher than the Issuer’s payments on the underlying bonds (for example, ARM loans). For the 
Issuer, this will result in a regular liquidity surplus (prepaid funds). 
Loan prepayments (immediate redemptions) also give the Issuer additional liquidity, which is then invested 
until the amount has to be paid out to bondholders as extraordinary drawings. Like the liquidity from immediate 
redemptions, excess liquidity from prepaid funds is placed in secure, liquid bonds or as term deposits with 
banks and ring-fenced from the rest of the securities portfolio. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has determined that liquid funds must be placed in financial institutions that 
are subject to Danish law. The maximum deposit at any one bank may be 25 per cent of the Issuer’s capital 
base, cf. Article 395 of the CRR, though deposits must not exceed 35 per cent of the bank’s eligible capital. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk reflects the risk of loss resulting from unsuitable or deficient internal procedures, human error 
or actions, system errors, or from external events. Legal risk and model risk are also operational risks. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has therefore set policies and guidelines for operational risk and insurance 
coverage with the aim of reducing the Issuer’s risk as much as possible. 
IT constitutes a key operational risk area. The Issuer’s management therefore regularly addresses IT security, 
including contingency planning and emergency plans, etc. 
The Issuer constantly strives to minimise operational risk by, for example, establishing control procedures, 
authorisations, emergency procedures, back-ups, business procedures, automatic updates, contingency plans,

--- Page 100 ---
100 
etc. The Issuer’s Compliance function also helps minimise operational risk. Moreover, various process 
descriptions have been produced to provide instructions for pertinent procedures and to define an area’s 
allocated responsibilities. These measures help ensure the Issuer complies with both external and internal 
requirements.  
The Issuer also registers losses or potential losses attributable to operational risk. The Issuer’s Executive Board 
is regularly updated on operational incidents, while the Issuer’s Risk Committee is updated quarterly. The 
Issuer’s Board of Directors is regularly updated on operational events that exceed a pre-determined limit and at 
least annually on all operational incidents that have occurred. 
As the Issuer is considered a relatively “simple” business with few products and business areas, the Issuer’s 
operational risk is estimated to be limited overall. 
Board of Directors, Executive Board and other bodies  
Board of Directors 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing director and CEO of Sparekassen Danmark 
Director of the Board of Sparinvest Holding SE 
Director of the Board of Sparekassen Danmark Fonden Vendsyssel 
Director of the Board of the Association for banks, mortgage institutions, asset management, securities trading 
and investment funds in Denmark (Finans Danmark). 
Director of the Board of FR I af 16. September 2015 A/S 
Director of the Board of PRAS A/S 
Director of the Board of Kunstbygningen I Vrå 
Carsten Levring Jakobsen (Deputy Chairman), Managing director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Director of the Board of Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
Stig Westergaard (Director), Managing Director of Sydbank A/S 
Director of the Board of Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 
Ole Beith (Director) Managing Director of Sparekassen Thy 
CEO and Director of the Board of Krone Kapital A/S 
Director of the Board of the Association for banks, mortgage institutions, asset management, securities trading 
and investment funds in Denmark. (Finans Danmark) 
Director of the Board of the Education Fund for the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-
Operative Savings Banks in Denmark (Lokale Pengeinstitutters Uddannelsesfond) 
Deputy chairman of the Board of the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-Operative Savings 
Banks in Denmark (Lokale Pengeinstitutter) 
Director of the Board of Stenbjerg Fonden 
Director of the Board of Lokale Puljeinvest 
Director of the Board of Stonehenge Fondsmæglerselskab A/S 
Claus Andersen (Director), General Manager of Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sæbygaard Skov A/S 
Director of the Board of the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-Operative Savings Banks in 
Denmark (Lokale Pengeinstitutter) 
Frank Mortensen (Director), Executive Bank Director of A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Director of the Board of Nærpension forsikringsformidling A/S 
Director of the Board of Ejendomsselskabet Sluseholmen A/S 
Lars Petersson (Director), Chief Executive Officer of Sparekassen Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Director of the Board of Ejendomsselskabet Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Director of the Board of Investeringsselskabet Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Director of the Board of BI Holding A/S 
Randi Holm Franke, Head of Business Development and Communication 
Staff-elected director of DLR Kredit A/S 
Jakob G. Hald, Head of department 
Staff-elected director of DKR Kredit A/S 
Lars Faber, IT Operations Manager 
Staff-elected director of DLR Kredit A/S 
 
The business address of all the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 17 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel +45 70 10 00 00 
 
Executive Board 
Jens Kr. A. Møller, Managing Director and CEO 
Director of the Board of the Association for banks, mortgage institutions, asset management, securities trading 
and investment funds in Denmark (Finans Danmark). 
Director of the of Danish Mortgage Banks 
Director of the Board of e-nettet A/S 
Director of SEGES’ Sector Board for Business Finance & Management 
Director of the Board of FR I af 16. september 2015 A/S 
Director of the Board of Klimaskovfonden

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Pernille Lohmann, Managing Director 
Director of the Board of the Association of Danish Mortgage Banks  
 
 
The business address of the Executive Board is: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 17 
DK -1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel +45 70 10 00 00 
 
There are no potential conflicting interests between the Issuer Board of Directors and Executive Board, between 
the obligations of the members of the Issuer Board of Directors and Executive Board vis-à-vis the Issuer, and 
their private interests and/or other obligations.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Audit Committee 
Claus Andersen (Chairman), General Manager of Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S 
Frank Mortensen, Executive Bank Director of A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Randi Holm Franke, Head of Business Development and Communication 
Risk Committee 
Ole Beith (Chairman), Managing Director of Sparekassen Thy 
Carsten Levring Jakobsen, Managing director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Jakob G. Hald, Head of department 
Nomination Committee 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing Director and CEO of Sparekassen Danmark 
Carsten Levring Jakobsen (Deputy Chairman), Managing director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
All other members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors 
Remuneration Committee 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing Director and CEO of Sparekassen Danmark 
Carsten Levring Jakobsen, Managing director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Jakob G. Hald, Head of department 
Board Practices  
A series of committees have been established under the Issuer’s Board of Directors. These are the:  
• 
Audit Committee; 
• 
Nomination Committee; 
• 
Remuneration Committee; and 
• 
Risk Committee.  
Committee members are drawn from the Issuer’s Board of Directors.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
TAXATION 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the tax consequences in the light of their particular situations. No representations with respect to 
the tax consequences of any particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
Danish Taxation  
The following is a summary description of the expected taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the 
Danish tax laws in force at the date hereof and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special 
rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to 
clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. A variety of 
features regarding interest, principal and repayment may apply to the Notes, and the Danish tax treatment of 
the Notes will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. It is expected that the Danish 
Consolidated Act no. 1390 of 29 September 2022 on taxation of debt, debt claims and financial contracts (in 
Danish: Kursgevinstloven) will apply to the Notes, and in the below summary it is assumed that this will in fact 
be the case. However, the Issuer makes no representation that these assumptions are correct, and it is noted that 
there are uncertainties regarding the Danish tax treatment of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax will apply to payments of interest or principal or 
other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation 
to the Issuer as referred to in section 2(1)(d) of Consolidated Act no. 1241 of 22 August 2022 on corporation 
tax (in Danish: Selskabsskatteloven). This will not have any impact on Noteholders who are not in a relationship 
whereby they control, or are controlled by, the Issuer or where the Noteholders and the Issuer is not controlled 
by the same group of persons. 
 
Resident Noteholders 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes  
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment 
in Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Gains and losses on Notes issued to corporate entities are generally included in the taxable income in accordance 
with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: lagerprincippet), i.e. on an unrealised basis. Gains and losses on 
Notes issued to individuals are generally included in the taxable income on a realised basis and if the annual 
gains or losses do not exceed DKK 2,000, the gains or losses will be exempt from taxation. 
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest may be taxable on an annual 
basis in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: lagerprincippet). 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Consolidated Act no. 12 of 6 January 2023 on taxation of 
pension yield (in Danish: Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven) would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on

--- Page 105 ---
105 
annual value increase or decrease of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: 
lagerprincippet) as specifically laid down in the act. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholders are 
not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in 
relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus, no Danish withholding tax will be 
payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “Participating Member State”). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional European Union Member States may decide to 
participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Placing and underwriting 
The Issuer has not entered into any dealer or underwriting agreement under which a third party undertakes to 
place Notes. In connection with an offer and placement of Notes through one or more Dealers, including where 
Notes are to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers, 
the Issuer may enter into a subscription agreement with the relevant Dealer(s) concerning that offer of Notes (a 
“Subscription Agreement”). If entered into, such Subscription Agreement is expected to provide that the Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. 
If entered into, the Subscription Agreement will provide that the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a 
commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer may agree in the 
Subscription Agreement to reimburse the Dealers for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
offer of the Notes. 
The Issuer may agree in the Subscription Agreement to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. If entered into, the Subscription Agreement is expected to entitle 
the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement, 
it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, then in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, 
a “Relevant State”), each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes, which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto, to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales 
to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes, which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, in relation thereto, to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer will also be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) in relation to any Notes issued by the Issuer, it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale 
of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(iii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Kingdom of Denmark  
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless 
in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Act on Capital Markets and Executive 
Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order no. 760 of 14 June 2024 on Investor 
Protection in connection with Securities Trading issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial Business 
Act, consolidated act no. 1731 of 5 December 2023, as amended. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Prospectus has been filed with the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway 
except:  
(a) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose denomination per unit 
amounts to at least €100,000;  
(b) to “professional investors” (in Norwegian: profesjonelle kunder) as defined in Section 10-6 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; 
(c) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than “professional investors” as defined in section 10-6 
of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75); or  
(d) in any other circumstances provided that no other such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for the 
registration or the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act of 29 June 2007 no 75.  
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the 
Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers, unless such Notes are registered with 
ES-OSL (Verdipapirsentralen ASA (branded as Euronext Securities Oslo)) or another securities depository 
which is properly authorised or recognised as being entitled to register such bonds pursuant to the CSD Act and 
the CSDR. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue 
invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell any Notes or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any 
such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare 
a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation or any other laws applicable in Sweden. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any relevant Final Terms in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer is expected to agree in the Subscription Agreement that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor one of the Dealers represent that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or have in their possession or distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable, or any related offering material, in each case at their own expense.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt Notes, 
subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Final Terms 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
[Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2018 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors as “Not Applicable”]]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. [Include unless the Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" 
as “Not Applicable”]] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined 
in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union and the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][Include if amounts 
payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to a benchmark]] 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID 
II”)/MiFID II]; EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s (as 
defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [(ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]  
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined 
in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][Include if amounts payable under the Notes will 
be calculated by reference to a benchmark]]  
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 20[●]  
DLR Kredit A/S 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
DKK 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 20[●] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] 20[●][ and [●] 20[●]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is

--- Page 114 ---
114 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority’s 
website at www.finanstilsynet.dk (the "Danish FSA"). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date][together with any supplements which amend the Conditions], which are 
incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/the Prospectus Regulation]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are incorporated 
by reference in the Current Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Current Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish FSA’s website at 
www.finanstilsynet.dk. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be 
given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
 [(i)] 
Series Number:  
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
2 
 Specified Currency: 
 
[●] 
3 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
 Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 (i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●]  
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall 
be in a minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than [currency][amount] in its 
account with the relevant central securities depositary 
system will not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of the 
Notes at or in excess of [currency][amount] such that its 
holding amounts to [currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of

--- Page 115 ---
115 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such 
other currency.) VPS Notes shall have a minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 per Note (or 
equivalent in any other currency). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
6 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
 Maturity Date: 
 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
 
8 
 Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[●] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9 
 Redemption Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount] 
  
10 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph [14] and/or  
[15] if details are included there] 
11 
 Call Option: 
 
[Call Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [17] below)] 
12 
 [(i)]          Status of the Notes 
 
[Senior Non-Preferred  
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
13 
 [(ii)]         [Date [Board of Directors]  
approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, commencing on [●], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable]  
15 
 Reset Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin:  
 
[+/–] [●] per cent per annum  
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
 
[+/–] [●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, commencing on [●], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date:  
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount up to (but  
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/or] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s):  
 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reset Determination  
Date(s):  
 
[●] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date)  
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time:  
 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate:  
 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate  
Conversion: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference  
Rate Payment Basis: 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not  
Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not  
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate  
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg  
Maturity:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final  
Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate”  
immediately below) 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:  
 
[●] per cent.  
 
– 
Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial  
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
 
Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Last Observable Mid-Swap  
Rate Final Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
First Reset Period Fallback  
Yield:  
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is  
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
 
(xviii) 
Reset Reference Banks:  
 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction:  
 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(xx) 
Determination Dates:  
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Calculation Agent:  
 
[Specify if not the Fiscal Agent]/[The Fiscal Agent]  
16 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate:  
 
[[●] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/ STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Definition: 
 
[●]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum  
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
17 
 Call Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):  
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
a) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
b) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
 
Minimum period: [15]/[●] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[●] days 
18 
 Clean-up Redemption Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 Clean-up Percentage 
 
[As per the Conditions/[●] per cent.] 
19 
 Final Redemption Amount 
 
[●]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
20 
 Early Redemption Amount  
 
[●]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
21 
 Redemption for Eligibility Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
22 
 Substitution 
and 
variation 
for 
Subordinated Notes 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Subordinated Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
 Form of Notes:  
 
Uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
through [[ES-CPH]/[ES-OSL]].  
24 
 Financial centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraph 16(vi) relates)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of DLR Kredit A/S: 
By:  ..................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 121 ---
121 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect from [●].]/ 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect 
from, or from around, [●].][Not Applicable.] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and [is/are] not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating[s] [it has/they have] given to 
the Notes [is/are] not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the [EU/United Kingdom] and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
providers] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
EU and [is/are] not certified under Regulation (EC) No

--- Page 122 ---
122 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating[s] [it has/they have] given to the Notes [is/are] not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU  
and registered under the CRA Regulation.]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of  
the ratings if this has previously been published by the  
rating provider.]  
3 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/ 
offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below) 
 
“Save for any fees payable to [●] (the “[Managers/Dealers]”), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)  
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 (i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details) 
 (ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
5 
 [YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]] 
6 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
[CFI:] 
 
[[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
[FISN:] 
 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”)] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Securities depository  
 
[VP Securities A/S (branded as Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 
Copenhagen 
K, 
, 
Denmark 
(“ES-CPH”)/ 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (branded as Euronext Securities

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Oslo), Tollbutgata 2, NO-0152 Oslo, Norway ("ES-
OSL")] 
 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the registers maintained by ES-CPH for the purpose 
of performing its obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
 
VPS Issuing Agent 
 
[Not applicable]/[[name and address] shall be the VPS 
Issuing Agent]]  
(Include details of the appointed VPS Issuing Agent, if 
relevant.) 
7 
 DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restriction: 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
 
(vii) Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes, is set out 
below: 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) OR REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC 
LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE “UK PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION”) FOR THIS ISSUE OF NOTES. 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
[Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2018 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, as the case may be, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation 
to such offer.  
[MIFID II product governance / target market  
[Appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market

--- Page 125 ---
125 
[Appropriate target market legend to be included]]  
 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 20[●]  
DLR Kredit A/S 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
DKK 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 20[●] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] 20[●][ and [●] 20[●]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/the Prospectus Regulation]. This document must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority’s 
website at www.finanstilsynet.dk (the "Danish FSA"). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date][together with any supplements which amend the Conditions], which are 
incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”). This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in the Current Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Current Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority’s website at www.finanstilsynet.dk. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1 
 [(i)] 
Series Number:  
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
2 
 Specified Currency: 
 
[●] 
3 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
 Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 (i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall 
be in a minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than [currency][amount] in its 
account with the relevant central securities depositary 
system will not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of the 
Notes at or in excess of [currency][amount] such that its 
holding amounts to [currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such 
other currency.) VPS Notes shall have a minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 per Note (or 
equivalent in any other currency). 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
6 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
 Maturity Date: 
 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
 
8 
 Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[●] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9 
 Redemption Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount] 
  
10 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph [14] and/or  
[15] if details are included there] 
11 
 Call Option: 
 
[Call Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [17] below)] 
12 
 [(i)]          Status of the Notes 
 
[Senior Non-Preferred  
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
13 
 [(ii)]         [Date [Board of Directors]  
approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
[●]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, commencing on [●], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable]  
15 
 Reset Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Margin:  
 
[+/–] [●] per cent per annum  
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
 
[+/–] [●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, commencing on [●], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to  
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date:  
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount up to (but  
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/or] [●]] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s):  
 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(x) 
Reset Determination  
Date(s):  
 
[●] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date)  
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time:  
 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate:  
 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate  
Conversion: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference  
Rate Payment Basis: 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not  
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Rate 
 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not  
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Rate  
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg  
Maturity:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final  
Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate”  
immediately below) 
 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:  
 
[●] per cent.  
 
– 
Reset Period Maturity Initial  
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial  
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
 
Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Last Observable Mid-Swap  
Rate Final Fallback:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
First Reset Period Fallback  
Yield:  
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is  
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
 
(xviii) 
Reset Reference Banks:  
 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction:  
 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(xx) 
Determination Dates:  
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Calculation Agent:  
 
[Specify if not the Fiscal Agent]/[The Fiscal Agent]  
16 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate:  
 
[[●] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/ STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Definition: 
 
[●]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum  
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
17 
 Call Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):  
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
a) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
b) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
 
Minimum period: [15]/[●] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[●] days 
18 
 Clean-up Redemption Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 Clean-up Percentage 
 
[As per the Conditions/[●] per cent.] 
19 
 Final Redemption Amount 
 
[●]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
20 
 Early Redemption Amount  
 
[●]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
21 
 Redemption for Eligibility Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
22 
 Substitution 
and 
variation 
for 
Subordinated Notes 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Subordinated Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
 Form of Notes:  
 
Uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
through [[ES-CPH]/[ES-OSL]].  
24 
 Financial centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraph 16(vi) relates)

--- Page 131 ---
131

--- Page 132 ---
132 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of DLR Kredit A/S: 
By:  ..................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 133 ---
133 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect from [●].]/ 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect 
from, or from around, [●].][Not Applicable.] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and [is/are] not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating[s] [it has/they have] given to 
the Notes [is/are] not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the [EU/United Kingdom] and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
providers] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
EU and [is/are] not certified under Regulation (EC) No

--- Page 134 ---
134 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating[s] [it has/they have] given to the Notes [is/are] not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU  
and registered under the CRA Regulation.]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of  
the ratings if this has previously been published by the  
rating provider.] 
3 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/ 
offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below) 
 
“Save for any fees payable to [●] (the “[Managers/Dealers]”), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)  
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 (i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details) 
 (ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
5 
 [YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]] 
6 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
[CFI:] 
 
[[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
[FISN:] 
 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”)] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Securities depository  
 
[VP Securities A/S (branded as Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 
Copenhagen 
K, 
Denmark 
(“ES-CPH”)/ 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (branded as Euronext Securities 
Oslo), Tollbutgata 2, NO-0152 Oslo, Norway ("ES-
OSL")]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the registers maintained by ES-CPH for the purpose 
of performing its obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
 
VPS Issuing Agent 
 
[Not applicable]/[[name and address] shall be the VPS 
Issuing Agent]]  
(Include details of the appointed VPS Issuing Agent, if 
relevant.) 
7 
 DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restriction: 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 
 
(vii) Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom of Denmark 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The current update of the Programme was 
authorised by a special authority of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 8 May 2024. The relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will, if required for the issuance of the particular tranche 
of Notes, specify the date for approval for the relevant issuance of the particular tranche of Notes.  
(2) The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, will specify whether the Issuer has made 
application for the relevant Tranche of Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ 
regulated market. The Final Terms will specify the estimate of total expenses related to the trading on the 
regulated market for the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
(3) The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(4) There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, and 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2024. There 
has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer which has occurred since 30 June 
2024. No events have occurred which are particular to the Issuer and which are relevant to a material 
extent to an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency since 30 June 2024. 
(5) Profit expectations or forecasts for the Issuer have not been included in this Base Prospectus due to the 
fact that such expectations or forecasts are not considered material to the listing of the Notes. 
(6) No material contracts have been entered into other than in the ordinary course of its business which could 
result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to holders of the Notes. 
(7) No information stated in the Base Prospectus originates from third parties, and the Base Prospectus does 
not include expert statements or reports. 
(8) Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared through 
ES-CPH or ES-OSL, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”), Financial Instrument Short 
Name (“FISN”), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI”) (as applicable) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant central securities depositary system for each 
Tranche and Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative central securities depositary 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as applicable, or in a supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
(9) The address of ES-CPH is Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen K, Denmark. The address of 
ES-OSL is Tollbugata 2, NO-0152 Oslo, Norway. Any alternative central securities depositary system will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or supplement as applicable. 
(10) The method of, and deadline for, payment and delivery of the Notes may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the investors in the Notes. Legal title to the Notes will exclusively be evidenced by book entries in 
the register of the Securities Depository. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities Depository is ES-
OSL, where a nominee is evidenced as the owner of a Note by a book entry in the records of the Securities 
Depository, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Note. The Notes will not be

--- Page 137 ---
137 
exchangeable for physical notes. Registration and settlement of transactions in respect of the Notes will 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Securities Depository. 
(11) A bridge currently exists between each of ES-CPH and ES-OSL and each of Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank, SA / NV (“Euroclear”, and together with Clearstream, ES-CPH 
and ES-OSL referred to as the “Securities Depositories” and each referred to as a “Securities 
Depository”). Holders of accounts with Clearstream and/or Euroclear will be able to purchase Notes 
without holding an account with neither ES-CPH nor ES-OSL. Holders of accounts with any Securities 
Depository will be able to transfer Notes to account holders with any other Securities Depository in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Securities Depository. 
(12) In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable. The yield will 
be calculated at the issue date of the relevant Tranche on the basis of the issue price and, in the case of 
Reset Notes, the initial fixed rate of interest. It will not be an indication of future yield. 
(13) The issue price and the amount of the Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. 
(14) For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents can be 
viewed online at the Issuer’s website: www.dlr.dk: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (https://dlr.dk/en/investor/about-dlr/);  
(ii) 
the 
Annual 
Reports 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Interim 
Report 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/financial-statements/); 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published 
unaudited 
interim 
financial 
statements 
(if 
any) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/financial-statements/); 
(iv) 
each relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (https://dlr.dk/en/investor/bond-
issuance/senior-debt/) or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, (save that a Pricing Supplement 
relating to an Exempt Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity); and 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/bond-issuance/senior-debt/). 
For as long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, a physical copy of the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Issuer will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturday and 
public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer in Denmark.  
Information contained in the above documents, other than information listed in the table on pages 53-54 
in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, is for information purposes only and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is published on the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 
(http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com). 
(15) Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, Dirch Passers Allé 36, DK-2000 Frederiksberg, 
represented by Danish State Authorised Public accountants Lars Rhod Søndergaard Identification No. 
(MNE) mne28632) and Thomas Hjortkjær Petersen (Identification No. (MNE) mne33748) have audited 
the Issuer's Financial statements for the financial years ending 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and in accordance with the

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the European Union pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as well as Danish information requirements for issuers of listed bonds. The Issuer’s current 
and former external auditors are members of the Danish Auditors Association (FSR). 
(16) This Base Prospectus does not refer to audited information other than that contained in the Annual Reports 
of the Issuer. As the Issuer publishes an audited annual report every February, the most recently audited 
financial information will never be more than fourteen months old. 
(17) Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that may 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(18) The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
(19) In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are inactive textual references and are included for 
information purposes only. The contents of any such website shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Danish FSA.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 17 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel: +45 70 10 00 90 
 
VP ISSUING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 17 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab 
Dirch Passers Allé 36 
DK-2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to Danish law 
Kromann Reumert 
Sundkrogsgade 5 
DK-2100 Copenhagen OE 
Denmark 
as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS 
Ruseløkkveien 38 
0251 Oslo  
Norway