--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus dated 15 September 2021  
 
DLR Kredit A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR no. 25781309) 
DKK 5,000,000,000 
Senior Non-Preferred Note Programme 
Under the Senior Non-Preferred Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”) and subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, DLR Kredit A/S (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue 
senior non-preferred notes (the “Notes”), which will rank as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time 
exceed DKK 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
An application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official 
list of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market. Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended) (“MiFID II”). The relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated 
market.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer with a view to having the Notes admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) only applies 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) only 
applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA.  
The Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in dematerialised book entry form and settled through VP Securities 
A/S or another securities depository specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer has been rated A-/Stable/A-2 (Issuer Credit Rating) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where Notes issued under the Programme are to be rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Notes will be treated as having been issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under CRA Regulation will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation

--- Page 2 ---
2 
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  
Similarly, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the 
case of ratings issued by third country non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: 
(a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that 
is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant United Kingdom 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. In particular, for one year following 31 December 2020, ratings issued or 
endorsed before this date by an EEA credit rating agency may continue to be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom provided that the EEA credit rating agency is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is 
established and registered in the United Kingdom.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
In the case of any Notes either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a 
minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of each Note shall be €100,000 (or, 
in each case its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and with any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers (as 
defined in “General Description of the Programme” below). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and the Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of this 
Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates, and none of the Dealers and any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer) 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of any of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers. 
Each potential investor of Notes must determine the suitability of investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful 
evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; (ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular

--- Page 4 ---
4 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s 
financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be 
familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms, may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Sterling” 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, those to “Danish kroner”, “Kr” and “DKK” are to the 
lawful currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, those to “euro”, “EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union (as amended from time to time), those to “Norwegian kroner” are to the lawful currency 
of the Kingdom of Norway and those to “Swedish kronor” are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of 
Sweden.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, in respect of the Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to United Kingdom Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of the Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target

--- Page 6 ---
6 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................... 30 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ...................................................................................................................... 35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 38 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 69 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................... 70 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................... 81 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 83 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 87 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 97

--- Page 8 ---
8 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer’s responsibility 
The Issuer is responsible for this Base Prospectus in accordance with Danish law. 
Responsible persons 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer are responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf 
of the Issuer. 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer  
 
Vagn Hansen  
 
 
 
Lars Møller  
(Chairman, Managing Director and CEO) 
 
(Deputy Chairman, Managing Director) 
 
Claus Andersen 
 
 
 
Lars Petersson 
(Managing Director) 
 
 
 
(Managing Director and CEO) 
 
Bjarne Larsen  
 
 
 
Frank Mortensen 
(Deputy Group Chief Executive) 
 
 
(Managing Director and CFO) 
 
Lars Faber 
 
 
 
 
Randi Holm Franke 
(Elected by the employees, IT Operations Manager) 
(Elected by the employees, Head of Business 
Development and Communication) 
Jakob G. Hald  
 
 
(Elected by the employees, Chief Agricultural Client Manager) 
 
who have pursuant to a special authority dated 23 October 2020 authorised that the Executive Board may jointly 
sign this Base Prospectus and any future supplement. 
 
The members of the Executive Board of the Issuer are: 
 
Jens Kr. A. Møller 
 
 
 
Pernille Lohmann 
(Managing Director and CEO) 
 
 
(Managing Director) 
 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board of the Issuer are responsible for this Base Prospectus on behalf 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for other reasons. Additional risks not currently known to the Issuer or that it now 
deems immaterial may also adversely affect the Issuer or affect an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are grouped in two main sections. The first section covers risk factors which may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. The second section covers 
risk factors which the Issuer believes may be material in relation to the Notes (including risks in relation to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes, risks related to Notes generally and risks related to the market which 
may affect the Issuer and/or the Notes). 
Word and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below have the same meanings in 
this section, unless otherwise stated. Reference to a numbered “Condition” shall be to the relevant Condition 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Credit risk related to borrowers, counterparties and customers of the Issuer which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
The Issuer’s most significant risk is credit risk, defined as the risk of loss caused by the failure of any borrower, 
bond issuer or other counterparty to honour its payment obligations to the Issuer. This risk should be seen in 
light of the fact that the Issuer, as a mortgage bank, only grants loans secured against real property. Moreover, 
these loans are typically partially guaranteed by the financial institutions providing the loans under one of the 
Issuer’s guarantee concepts, and the Issuer can under certain circumstances set-off losses against payments of 
commission to the financial institutions. 
The annual lending growth for residential rental properties has since Q3 2018 been higher than the 
recommended threshold provided by the Danish FSA under the “supervisory diamond for mortgage credit 
institutions”, which is <15 per cent. 
The Issuer may have counterparty risks in connection with financial derivatives in the form of outstanding 
positive market value, which depends on market factors. The counterparty risk on financial derivatives is 
reduced through netting agreements and margin calls in accordance with standard documentation such as the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) and the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) with major counterparties. 
Settlement and delivery risk derives from securities, derivatives and foreign exchange trading.  
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers or other counterparties could affect the 
recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in provisions made for bad and doubtful 
debts and other provisions. 
The Issuer's mortgage loans in its capital centres, which are used as collateral for issuance of covered bonds, 
are secured by mortgages over real property. The credit risk of the Issuer may partly be related to the 
performance of the real estate and housing markets primarily in Denmark. There can be no guarantees regarding 
the future development of the value of the collateral. Should the prices of real property substantially decline,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
this could materially affect the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial position or prospects and, in 
turn, its ability to service Notes. 
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and final 
payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, inflation and/or the political 
environment. Borrowers may default on their loans granted by the Issuer as a result of interest rate increases or 
as a result of adverse developments in their personal circumstances. Defaults by borrowers could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks relating to non-compliance with the balance principle which may have a material adverse effect 
on the price of the Notes to the detriment of investors and the Issuer’s capacity to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes 
In the course of its lending business, the Issuer applies the specific balance principle laid down in the Executive 
Order no. 1425 of 16 December 2014 on the Issuance of Bonds, Balance Principle and Risk Management (the 
“Executive Order on Bonds”). This principle dictates consistency between interest and instalments received 
by the Issuer from borrowers and the Issuer’s payments to bondholders. The balance principle also implies that 
the Issuer does not assume any actual interest risk, currency risk or liquidity risk on its lending operations, 
including risks associated with prepayment of loans. 
Non-compliance with the balance principle may cause the Issuer to lose its authorisation to issue bonds, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
For a description of the Issuer’s risk management, see the section headed “Business Description” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Market risk related to adverse developments in market values resulting from fluctuations in interest 
rates, credit spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and equity and commodity prices, which may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects 
Market risk is defined as the risk of a loss prompted by unfavourable fluctuations in interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and equity prices. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has also laid down principles for the management of and limits for market risks. 
As the Issuer has decided to comply with the specific balance principle as set out in the Executive Order on 
Bonds, the market risk associated with the issuance of covered bonds (SDOs) for purposes of financing 
mortgage loans will reflect the loan terms of the mortgagors. The market risks assumed by the Issuer arise solely 
as a consequence of a natural need to invest the Issuer’s own funds, senior debt and profits/results of operations 
(the securities portfolio) and prepaid funds. 
The Issuer basically targets a low market risk, and the Issuer’s policies and guidelines lay down detailed market 
risk targets as regards placement, amount of interest risk, currency risk, etc. The Issuer’s Board of Directors has 
also laid down a policy for the placement of the securities portfolio and specific limits for the amount and 
volatility of each type of risk. 
On this basis, the Issuer has placed the main part of its securities portfolio in AAA-rated Danish mortgage bonds 
(ROs), SDOs and mortgage-covered bonds (SDRO), typically short-term papers, and a minor portion in AAA-
rated government bonds. 
Fluctuations in the debt, foreign exchange or equity markets may affect the market value and liquidity of the 
Issuer’s securities assets. In addition, the occurrence of such events may have an adverse impact on the revenue

--- Page 12 ---
12 
generated by the Issuer. This could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects.  
Funding and liquidity risk related to funding costs, liquidity and refinancing risk and access to funds 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
position or prospects 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk of markedly higher funding costs and/or inability to honour payments when 
due. Liquidity risks arise when a lack of funding in the form of bond sales prevents the Issuer from pursuing its 
business model or from fulfilling its payment obligations. Failure to address the liquidity risk may prevent the 
Issuer from continuing its operations at their current scope and/or meeting its payment obligations on a timely 
basis. 
Currently, the Issuer’s loans are fully match-funded by the issue of covered bonds. The loan rate equals the 
yield-to-maturity of the bonds sold. Fixed-rate loans have fixed funding throughout the loan term. Adjustable-
rate mortgage loans have no fixed funding but are funded by bonds with maturities between one and five years. 
On refinancing, the loan rate is adjusted to the yield-to-maturity of the bonds sold for the purpose of refinancing. 
The liquidity risk is therefore primarily related to the risk that borrowers do not make timely interest or principal 
payments on the loans. 
The Danish mortgage legislation requires that issuers, such as the Issuer, of covered bonds applicable for 
preferential capital requirements for some investors (in Danish: særligt dækkede obligationer) provide 
supplementary collateral in the event that declining property prices reduce the value of the collateral breaching 
the statutory borrowing limits. A decline in property values could increase the requirement for the Issuer to 
provide supplementary collateral and lead to an increase in the funding needs of the Issuer, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or 
prospects.  
Liquidity risk may also be related to global financial conditions, systemic risk or losses in other risk categories, 
which could prevent the Issuer from refinancing its short-term debt obligations. 
Risks related to a credit rating downgrade of the Issuer's credit rating 
The Issuer is rated by a credit rating agency and is dependent on credit ratings in order to access the capital 
markets. The Issuer's credit rating could be negatively affected by a number of factors that can change over 
time, including the credit rating agency’s methodology or the assessment of the Issuer's strategy and 
management, its financial condition, market position, asset quality, capital, funding and liquidity, the applicable 
regulation, macroeconomic developments in key markets as well as global financial conditions. The Issuer's 
credit rating may decline if the rating of the Kingdom of Denmark declines, irrespective that there is no direct 
connection with the Issuer's activities. A downgrade, or concern about a possible downgrade, of the Issuer's 
credit rating could affect the Issuer's access to capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's funding costs, business, results of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks related to changes in the Issuer’s capital requirements (including risk exposure amounts, 
combined capital buffers, individual solvency requirements and leverage ratio) and liquidity 
requirements (including liquidity coverage requirement and net stable funding ratio), which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
The regulatory framework for the Issuer’s capital requirements is rooted in Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (the “CRR”) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the 
“CRD”) (as implemented in Denmark), and consists of three pillars:

--- Page 13 ---
13 
• 
Pillar I contains a set of rules for calculating the minimum capital requirement (i.e. 8 per cent of the risk 
exposure amount for credit risk, market risk and operational risk - including counterparty credit risk, 
exposures to central counterparties and exposures to collective investment undertakings), a minimum loss 
coverage for non-performing loans (non-performing loan backstop) and large exposure requirements. 
• 
Pillar II describes, inter alia, the ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process), the ILAAP 
(Internal Liquidity Assessment Process) frameworks and the supervisory review.  
• 
Pillar III deals, inter alia, with market discipline and sets forth disclosure requirements for risk and capital 
management and the individual solvency need. 
The European Union Banking Reform Package, consisting of Directive 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (“CRD V”), Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“BRRD II”), was 
adopted in June 2019. The CRD V and the BRRD II were transposed into Danish law with effect from 28 
December 2020, whereas the CRR II entered into force on 28 June 2021. BRRD II and CRD V were 
implemented into Danish law by Act no. 2110 of 22 December 2020 on Changes to the Financial Business Act, 
the Recovery and Resolution Act of Certain Financial Undertakings, the Capital Markets Act and Cessation of 
the Act on Finansiel Stabilitet (changes as result of the revision of the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD 
V) and the Resolution and Recovery Directive (BRRD II) etc.) (the "Danish BRRD II/CRD V Act"). The rules 
implementing the BRRD II and CRD V into Danish law have, with certain exemptions, entered into force on 
28 December 2020.  
BRRD II is an amendment to Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD I") including the general bail-in tool, the 
non-viability loss absorption tool and the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the 
"MREL Requirement"), has been implemented into Danish law by the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act 
and by amendments to the Danish Financial Business Act. BRRD I and BRRD II, including the implementation 
hereof into Danish law is referred to as BRRD (the "BRRD"). 
Individual solvency requirement 
Pursuant to Executive Order No. 2155 of 03 December 2020 on Calculation of Risk Exposures, Own Funds 
and Solvency Need, banks and mortgage banks are required to publish their individual solvency need each 
quarter. The individual solvency need is the capital considered sufficient to cover the Issuer’s risks on a 
consolidated basis. The individual solvency requirement is calculated on the basis of the requirement under 
Pillar I plus a supplement for requirements under Pillar II (the "P2R"). The P2R are the additional own funds 
requirements to cover certain risks, including unexpected losses, risk arising from deficiencies in internal 
governance arrangements and the risk of underestimation of risk due to model deficiencies. Competent 
authorities may require additional Pillar II capital to be maintained by an institution. 
The additional own funds requirement must be fulfilled with at least 56.25 per cent Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital and at least 75 per cent Tier 1 Capital. Furthermore, competent authority may require that the institution 
fulfils its additional own funds requirement with a higher portion of Tier 1 Capital or Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital where necessary (while having regard to the specific circumstances of the relevant institution). 
Combined capital buffer requirement 
The CRD includes a combined capital buffer requirement consisting of a capital conservation buffer and, 
depending on the circumstances, increased by an institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, a G-SII 
buffer (applicable to global systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs")) or O-SII buffer (applicable to other 
systemically important institutions ("O-SIIs") and a systemic risk buffer ("SRB").

--- Page 14 ---
14 
The combined capital buffer requirement consists, in the case of the Issuer, of a 2.5 per cent capital conservation 
buffer, a 1.0 per cent O-SII buffer and a countercyclical buffer, currently at 0 per cent (all are stated as a 
percentage of the overall risk exposure and must be met through the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital under 
CRD/CRR). The countercyclical capital buffer was reduced from 1 per cent to 0 per cent on 11 March 2020 as 
a result of unrest in the financial markets due to the COVID-19 outbreak. The Danish Systemic Risk Council 
decided on its meeting in June 2021 to recommend to the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs 
to reactivate the countercyclical capital buffer at a rate of 1.0 per cent from 30 September 2022. A 
recommendation which the Minister decided to follow.  
The Danish FSA designates the Danish SIIs once a year on or before 30 June. Since June 2014, the Danish FSA  
has designated the Issuer as an SII. The Issuer is subject to a further buffer requirement of 1.0 per cent as regards 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital as of 2021 (referred to above as the O-SII buffer) 
Guidance of additional own funds 
The CRD also includes the possibility for competent authorities to impose “guidance on additional own funds” 
(the "P2G") to credit institutions, such as the Issuer, which sets a level and quality of Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital the relevant credit institution is expected to hold in excess of its overall capital requirement. The 
guidance on additional own funds will be based on, inter alia, the stress tests performed in respect of the Issuer 
(see “Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by 
supervisory authorities, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects” below). Where an institution repeatedly fails to meet the guidance on additional 
own funds, the competent authority is entitled to take supervisory measures and, where appropriate, impose 
additional own funds requirements (P2R). 
 
Leverage ratio 
On 28 June 2021, a “Leverage Ratio” requirement of minimum 3 per cent Tier 1 Capital was introduced. For 
G-SIIs, the minimum requirement is 5 per cent including a leverage ratio related maximum distributable amount 
for G-SIIs (the "L-MDA"). The L-MDA restrictions may, at a later stage, be extended to O-SIIs, such as the 
Issuer.  
 
Liquidity requirements  
The CRR requires institutions, such as the Issuer, to comply with a “Liquidity Coverage Ratio” (the "LCR"). 
Since 28 June 2021, a harmonised binding requirement for stable funding (the “Net Stable Funding Ratio” or 
“NSFR”) on 100 per cent has applied to the Issuer. 
 
EBA and the Danish FSA continue to develop rules 
The European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the Danish FSA will continue to propose detailed rules through 
binding technical standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions in respect of many areas, including 
the CRR and the CRD. As a consequence, the Issuer is subject to the risk of possible interpretational changes. 
Given the uncertainty of the exact wording of the technical standards, they could potentially lead to a reduction 
in the regulatory capital or an increase in the risk exposure amounts of the Issuer or changes in regulatory 
requirements, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's funding costs, business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
Basel III: Finalising post-crisis reforms 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee issued a publication titled: “Basel III: Finalising post-crisis 
reforms” (informally referred to as the "Basel IV"). The publication includes, among other things, a number of 
changes to and restrictions for credit institutions using internal models. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, 
the Basel Committee released a statement on 27 March 2020 with a one year deferral to the implementation 
timeline of Basel IV.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The Basel IV framework includes a number of different requirements. The Issuer considers the most important 
impact to be the introduction of a so-called capital floor requirement for credit institutions applying internal 
ratings-based risk models. The capital floor requirement entails that a credit institution will be subject to a 
minimum capital requirement across risk types (credit, market and operational risk) of 72.5 per cent of the 
capital requirement calculated according to the standardised approach. According to the Basel IV framework, a 
minimum capital requirement of 50 per cent will apply to the Issuer as early as 2023 and will gradually increase 
until fully implemented in 2028. In light of how the Issuer’s risk exposure amounts, based on the internal rating-
based method, have been calculated historically, the introduction of such a capital floor implies that the Issuer’s 
risk exposure amounts would be floored at a higher level, which consequently would increase the Issuer’s 
capital requirements . The specific impact of Basel IV depends on the EU implementation.  
The risk exposure amounts of the Issuer and the capital requirements applicable to the Issuer are, by their nature, 
calculated by reference to a number of factors any one of which or combination of which may not be easily 
observable or capable of calculation by investors. There can be no assurance that any of the minimum own 
funds Pillar I requirements, additional own funds requirements or buffer capital requirements applicable to the 
Issuer will not be amended in the future to include new and more onerous capital requirements. 
Any failure by the Issuer to satisfy its regulatory capital requirements, liquidity requirements and other 
requirements, and any further increases in such requirements, could result in regulatory intervention or sanctions 
or significant reputation harm, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding condition, 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Risks related to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, which could trigger enforcement actions by 
supervisory authorities, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects 
The banking and mortgage banking sector, which includes the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and 
other regulatory enquiries to examine the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests 
are initiated and coordinated by the EBA, the Danish Central Bank and/or the national supervisors such as the 
Danish FSA. Stress tests and the disclosure of their results by supervisory authorities can influence the banking, 
mortgage banking or the financial services sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual banks, 
mortgage banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests could materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s reputation, funding costs and trigger enforcement action by supervisory authorities. 
The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Issuer having to meet higher capital and liquidity 
requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding costs, business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
In addition, stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which, until 
then, the Issuer had not considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. This could lead to 
certain measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or taken, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding costs, business, results of operations, financial 
position or prospects. 
Risks related to the operations, business and reputation of the Issuer, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
Operational risk arises from human errors, system faults, breakdown of IT systems and insufficient or defective 
internal procedures or external events. Operational risk also includes risk pertaining to reputation and strategy 
as well as conduct and legal risk. Examples of operational risk incidents for financial institutions such as the 
Issuer are highly diverse and include fraud or other illegal or unethical conduct, failure of an institution to have 
policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report incidents of non-compliance with 
applicable laws or regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, inadequate documentation, insufficient

--- Page 16 ---
16 
data quality, errors in transaction processing, system failures, as well as the inability to retain and attract key 
personnel. 
Sophisticated and large-scale lending activities, including those conducted by the Issuer, are increasingly 
dependent on highly advanced IT systems. The Issuer may be the target of malicious hacking with consequences 
in the form of shutdown of individual or all IT systems. Consequences of a malicious hacker attack may be, 
inter alia, financial losses, business disruption, inability to issue bonds, inability to service payments on time, 
loss of data or other sensitive information. 
The Issuer cannot ensure that errors, failures, interruptions, or breaches as a result of fraud or human error or 
omissions will not occur. The Issuer’s operational risk is chiefly handled by way of a comprehensive setup of 
office procedures and controls as well as IT contingency plans. 
If any of these procedures and controls fail, it may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, 
result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being imposed and the Issuer may be exposed to additional costs 
and liabilities. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business model which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects 
In addition to the mortgage collateral provided for the mortgaged properties and thorough credit assessments, 
the Issuer has reduced the credit risk relating to individual loans and portfolio risks by requiring the financial 
institutions (the Issuer’s shareholders) to provide guarantees for the loans provided as part of the Issuer’s 
business model. In consideration of the provision of loan guarantees and of making their distribution network 
available for the Issuer's provision of loans, customer services, etc., the Issuer pays commission to the financial 
institutions. 
Changes to the loss-mitigating agreements made with financial institutions or failure on the part of the financial 
institutions to comply with these agreements may result in increased losses and thus lower earnings for the 
Issuer. Similarly, changes in the Issuer’s current distribution collaboration with shareholder banks could affect 
the Issuer’s future lending and earnings. 
Risks related to sanctions which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects 
Danish and international regulation, including personal data, anti-money laundering and antitrust regulation, 
allows authorities to impose sanctions on financial institutions (such as the Issuer) of significant financial 
consequences or consequences as to their reputation in the event of violations. As a consequence of the uniform 
nature of the Issuer’s products, errors in individual cases may in certain situations relate to a number of loan 
and client relationships and hence affect the extent of the claims that are brought against the Issuer. Such 
circumstances may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reputation, funding costs, business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
Resolution tools and powers under the BRRD 
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The BRRD confers substantial powers on national resolution authorities designed to enable them to take a range 
of actions in relation to credit institutions which are considered to be at risk of failing. The exercise of any of 
these actions in relation to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities designated by Member States with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institutions, investment firms, certain

--- Page 17 ---
17 
financial institutions and certain holding companies (each, an "institution") to ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on 
the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains various resolution powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. An institution will be considered as failing or 
likely to fail when either: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing 
authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except in limited circumstances). 
In such circumstances, the relevant resolution authority may use the following resolution tools and powers alone 
or in combination without the consent of the institution’s creditors: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), 
which may limit the capacity of the institution to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer assets (including, without limitation, impaired or problem assets) to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution (the write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool"). 
The converted equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in 
tool. The general bail-in tool does not apply to mortgage banks such as the Issuer. 
Additional powers of Member States and resolution authorities 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The BRRD also provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures 
with respect to distressed institutions, which may include (without limitation) the replacement or substitution 
of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments 
(including altering the maturity and/or amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
MREL Requirement and related requirements 
With the implementation in Denmark of the BRRD, Danish banks, but not mortgage banks such as the Issuer, 
are required to have bail in-able resources in order to fulfil the MREL Requirement. In connection with the 
Danish implementation of BRRD, it was adopted that all Danish mortgage banks, such as the Issuer, must have 
a debt buffer of 2 per cent calculated on the basis of the total unweighted lending of the individual mortgage 
bank. 
The debt buffer requirement is stipulated in section 268 of the Danish Financial Business Act (the "Debt Buffer 
Requirement"). The Debt Buffer Requirement states that if a Danish mortgage bank has been designated as an 
SII (such as the Issuer), the debt buffer must be set at a level that ensures that the combined requirement of the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
mortgage bank’s debt buffer and own funds amounts to at least 8 per cent of the mortgage bank's total liabilities. 
According to the Danish BRRD II/CRD V Act, the Debt Buffer Requirement will be fully applicable from 1 
January 2022.  
According to the preparatory remarks to the Danish BRRD II/CRD V Act, the debt buffer is to be evaluated by 
2021 at the latest, and the evaluation is to be conducted in light of, inter alia, the development of the MREL 
Requirement on an EU level, including the effects of Basel IV. 
If a relevant entity does not fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, the relevant authority may withdraw the 
mortgage banking licence of such entity. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has issued debt of DKK 4,000 million that is eligible for 
fulfilment of the Debt Buffer Requirement. Any future changes to this requirement may require the Issuer to 
issue additional liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding costs, business, 
results of operations, financial position or prospects. If the requirement is changed, it is not possible to give any 
assurances as to the ultimate scope, nature, timing, disclosure and consequences of breach of any resulting 
obligations, or the impact that this will have on the Issuer. 
According to the BRRD, mortgage banks, such as the Issuer, are still exempt from the application of the MREL 
Requirement. However, there can be no assurance that mortgage banks will remain exempt from the MREL 
Requirement in the future or that the conditions for exemption of the MREL Requirement will continue to be 
fulfilled for Danish mortgage banks, such as the Issuer. In the event, that an MREL Requirement is imposed for 
the Issuer, this may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s funding needs, funding costs, business, results 
of operations, financial position or prospects. 
Exercise of powers under the BRRD  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions, mortgage banks and investment firms are 
managed, as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
Any application of the resolution tools and powers under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on Noteholders will 
depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of Noteholders pursuant to the application of the resolution tools and 
powers is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, such Noteholder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation 
of the institution (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off” principle under the BRRD). However, any 
such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely 
to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely 
to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under any Notes that have been 
affected by the application of the resolution tools and powers under the BRRD. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, or any suggestion of such exercise, could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. Although the BRRD contains certain limited safeguards for 
creditors in specific circumstances, including that they do not incur greater losses than they would have incurred 
had the relevant entity been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, there can be no assurance that 
these safeguards will be effective if such powers are exercised. The determination that any power under the 
BRRD shall be exercised, or that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to the non-
viability loss absorption tool, is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Issuer’s control. The application of the non-viability loss absorption tool with 
respect to the Notes may result in the write down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
or outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a 
portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the Notes into 
shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation 
to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of non-viability loss absorption tool. Accordingly, 
potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail- in tool may be applied in such a 
manner as to result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving 
a different security than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have 
significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the relevant resolution 
authority may exercise its authority to apply the non-viability loss absorption tool without providing any 
advance notice to the Noteholders. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such 
exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme and resolution fund which 
may result in the Issuer to incur additional costs 
In Denmark and other jurisdictions, deposit guarantee schemes and similar funds (each, a "Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme") have been implemented from which compensation for deposits may become payable to customers of 
financial services firms in the event that such financial services firm is unable to pay, or unlikely to pay, claims 
against it. In many jurisdictions, these Deposit Guarantee Schemes are funded, directly or indirectly, by 
financial services firms, which operate and/or are licensed in the relevant jurisdiction. The future target level of 
funds to be accumulated in Deposit Guarantee Schemes and resolution funds across different EU countries may 
exceed the minimum levels provided for in the BRRD, Directive 2014/49/EU (the "Revised Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive") and in EU Regulation no. 806/2014 and EU Regulation no. 81/2015 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund (the latter of which will be relevant should Denmark choose to participate in the 
Banking Union and Single Resolution Mechanism). 
Through participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, both Danish banks and mortgage banks, such as the 
Issuer, undertakes to cover losses incurred on covered deposits for banks and covered cash funds for mortgage 
banks held with distressed credit institutions. The Danish Deposit Guarantee Scheme fund’s capital must 
amount to at least 0.8 per cent of the covered deposits of Danish banks and 0.8 per cent of the covered cash 
funds for Danish mortgage banks. 
The Danish Guarantee Scheme fund is currently fully funded. If the fund subsequently does not have sufficient 
means to make the required payments, extraordinary contributions of up to 0.5 per cent of the individual 
institution’s covered deposits or covered cash funds, as applicable, may be required. 
In addition, the Issuer contributes to the Danish resolution fund established as the Danish resolution financing 
arrangement under the BRRD, which fund’s capital must amount to 1.0 per cent of the covered deposits of 
Danish banks and 1.0 per cent of the covered cash funds for Danish mortgage banks by 31 December 2024. 
It is still unclear whether Denmark, despite being outside the Eurozone, will join the European Banking Union 
and therefore be part of the Single Resolution Mechanism. It therefore remains unclear which costs the Issuer 
will incur in the coming years in relation to payments to deposit guarantee funds and/or resolution funds on a 
national or European level. 
Risk pertaining to the use of risk models 
The Danish FSA has approved the Issuer’s use of internal ratings-based risk Advanced Internal Ratings Based 
("AIRB") models to determine the risk exposure amount for credit risk of the full-time farm portfolio. The 
models are in accordance with current national and international guidelines and approved by the Danish FSA.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
As they are internal models based on the Issuer’s historical data on defaults and losses, it is not certain that they 
capture the real credit risk satisfactorily. The Issuer's internal models may be changed as a result of various 
factors, including changes in credit markets and customer portfolios, changes in national or international 
legislation, including detailed rules through binding technical standards and guidelines, and changes in 
supervision practice. The issuer is currently in the process of developing new internal models that are compliant 
with new EBA guidelines. The issuer has therefore an ongoing dialogue with the Danish FSA regarding approval 
of new internal models. Changes to the models may result in increased capital requirements for the Issuer and 
thereby reduce the current regulatory capital level. 
General regulatory risk related to changes in supervision and regulation which may affect the Issuer’s 
business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets 
The Issuer is subject to extensive legal regulation in respect of its conduct as a mortgage bank in Denmark. 
Regulatory risk is the risk that changes in supervision and regulation applicable to the Issuer, in particular in 
Denmark, could materially affect the Issuer’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its 
assets. Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the control of 
the Issuer. 
Regulatory risk may also arise from a failure by the Issuer to comply with laws and regulations, which could 
lead to civil liability, disciplinary action, the imposition of fines and/or the revocation of the licence, permission 
or authorisation to conduct the Issuer’s business in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. 
Various aspects of banking regulations are still under debate in the EU, including, inter alia, proposals to review 
standardised approaches for capital requirements for credit, market and operational risk (together with a 
proposed capital floor based on the revised standardised approaches for banks using internal models) (see “Risks 
related to changes in the Issuer’s capital requirements (including risk exposure amounts, combined capital 
buffers, individual solvency requirements and leverage ratio) and liquidity requirements (including liquidity 
coverage requirement and net stable funding ratio), which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations, financial position or prospects” above). 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of the Notes 
The Notes have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
certain such features: 
No limitations on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities that the Issuer may issue, nor on the amount of any other 
obligations it may assume, which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue of any such securities 
and/or the assumption of any such other obligations may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders on a 
resolution, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, which could also affect the market value of an investment in 
the Notes, and/or may increase the likelihood of a cancellation of interest amounts under the Notes. 
The Notes rank junior to unsubordinated creditors pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy 
Act 
Subject to Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution Event) the Notes will constitute direct and 
unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, which rank as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) and, in 
particular, the Notes will rank junior to present or future claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Moreover, as stated in Condition 4(a) (Status of the Notes), the Notes will rank pari passu with the Existing 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Existing Senior Resolution Notes. 
The Issuer may issue other unsubordinated obligations or instruments that rank or are expressed to rank senior 
to the Notes as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and 
the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay its depositors and its unsubordinated creditors 
pursuant to section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act in full before it can make any payments on the Notes. If 
this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay amounts 
due under the Notes. 
In addition, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has assets remaining 
after paying its creditors who rank senior to the Notes, payments relating to other obligations or instruments of 
the Issuer that rank pari passu with the Notes may, if there are insufficient assets to satisfy the claims of all of 
the Issuer’s pari passu creditors, further reduce the assets available to pay amounts due under the Notes on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Loss absorption following a Resolution Event 
The Notes include a principal loss absorption feature that means that the proceeds of their issue will be available 
to absorb any losses of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event. The principal loss absorption 
feature is included as a contractual provision of the Notes as a result of the fact that the general bail-in tool 
under the BRRD as implemented in Denmark does not apply to Danish mortgage banks such as the Issuer. The 
principal loss absorption feature applicable to the Notes is (A) intended to have the same effect as the general 
bail-in tool would have to an institution to which the general bail-in tool applies and (B) included as a 
contractual provision in the Conditions as the Notes are intended to be (i) used to fulfil the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer pursuant to section 268 of the Danish Financial Business Act and/or the MREL 
Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer (ii) eligible for inclusion in the Additional Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
of the Issuer as described by S&P. 
Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes may be written-
down permanently (in whole or in part) or the Notes may be converted (in whole or in part) into a subordinated 
instrument of the Issuer, all as determined by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority, 
provided that all other debt instruments and other obligations of the Issuer which are expressed to rank or which 
rank junior to the Notes in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer have already fully absorbed losses 
of the Issuer to the extent required by the Danish Resolution Authority before any write-down or conversion of 
the Notes pursuant to the application of Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a Resolution Event) 
Holders of Notes will lose all or a part of their investment as a result of (i) such a write-down to the Outstanding 
Principal Amounts of the Notes or (ii) such a conversion of the Notes to a subordinated instrument. Any such 
write-down or conversion is not a default in payment pursuant to the Conditions. 
Following (i) a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes or (ii) a conversion of the Notes 
into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, in either case as described above, the holders of Notes will be 
automatically deemed to waive irrevocably their right to receive, and no longer have any rights against the 
Issuer with respect to, repayment of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so written down or converted 
(such amount, the "Written Down Amount" or the "Converted Amount") or any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Written Down Amount or Converted Amount. 
Investors should note that any such write-down or conversion as a result of the occurrence of a Resolution Event 
will be irrevocable and that the holders of Notes will, following any such write-down or conversion, not be 
entitled (A) to any subsequent reinstatement of any Written Down Amount or any Converted Amount or (B) to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
receive any additional subordinated instruments or any other compensation in the event of a potential recovery 
of the Issuer. 
The market price of the Notes is expected to be affected by the financial viability of the Issuer. Any indication 
that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
Investors should note that, while neither a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes nor 
a conversion of the Notes into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer is common, the occurrence of either such 
event is an appreciable risk and is not limited to the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Uncertainty in respect of the enforceability relating to the principal loss absorption feature of the Notes 
The principal loss absorption feature for the Notes included in the Conditions grants broad powers and a wide 
discretion to the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority as to the precise scope and manner 
in which the loss absorption should be effected if a Resolution Event were to occur. Certain provisions of the 
BRRD as implemented into Danish law would apply to an application of the principal loss absorption feature. 
For example, according to section 49 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, the Danish Resolution 
Authority can only exercise its powers to write-down or convert the Notes as described in Condition 6 (Loss 
absorption following a Resolution Event) to the extent that the holders of Notes do not incur greater losses than 
they would have incurred had the Issuer been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings. Moreover, 
section 268 a of the Danish Financial Business Act stipulates that capital or debt instruments used to meet the 
Debt Buffer Requirement must be eligible for write-down or conversion without the use of bail-in. However, 
unlike the general bail-in tool, which applies to Danish banks but not to Danish mortgage banks such as the 
Issuer, there is no explicit statutory basis for the principal loss absorption feature. The broad powers and large 
discretion granted to the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority and the lack of statutory 
basis for the principal loss absorption feature mean that there is some uncertainty in respect of (i) the 
enforceability of the principal loss absorption feature and (ii) the precise scope and manner in which it may be 
effected if a Resolution Event were to occur. 
Notes subject to redemption by the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Tax Event  
Subject as provided in the Conditions, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at any time at their Early Redemption Amount plus accrued interest thereon upon the occurrence of a Tax Event. 
An early redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem the Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
The Issuer may be expected to exercise its option to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes may be subject to redemption by the Issuer upon the occurrence of an Eligibility Event 
Subject as provided in the Conditions, and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its 
option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at any time at their Early Redemption Amount plus accrued 
interest thereon upon the occurrence of an Eligibility Event. 
An early redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem the Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
The Issuer may be expected to exercise its option to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Substitution and variation of the Notes without consent from the Noteholders 
If an Alignment Event, and/or an Eligibility Event and/or a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event 
has/have occurred and is/are continuing, the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Notes. 
Qualifying Notes are securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that have, inter alia, terms not otherwise 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer 
(provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two members of its Executive 
Board to the Fiscal Agent). There can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any Qualifying Notes will be as favourable to each Noteholder in all respects or that, if it were 
entitled to do so, a particular Noteholder would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the 
terms of the relevant Qualifying Notes are not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the 
Notes prior to such substitution or variation.  
It is expected that the credit rating of Notes by one or more credit rating agencies will be lower than the 
Issuer’s credit rating reflecting the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Notes upon issue, are expected to be rated by one or more credit rating agencies lower than the Issuer’s 
credit rating, reflecting the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency.  
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the changed liability structure 
following the issuance of the Notes. 
There are no events of default and limited enforcement events  
Each Series of Notes will not contain any events of default and will only contain limited enforcement events 
relating to: 
(i) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes. In such circumstances, 
as described in more detail in Condition 11 (Enforcement Events) and subject as provided below, a 
Noteholder may institute proceedings in Denmark in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to 
such Noteholder; and  
(ii) the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 
11 (Enforcement Events), the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their outstanding 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon. 
Accordingly, a Noteholder under such Series of Notes may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim  
Subject as provided in the Conditions and as a general principle of Danish law, no Noteholder, who shall in the 
event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms 
of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any 
such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, holders of such 
Notes may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. Noteholders should note that principal for these purposes may include any payments of 
premium. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate), are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Currently, work is undertaken in Denmark and internationally to reform and/or find alternatives to existing (in 
full or in part) estimate-based reference rates in most currencies, with a view to securing the use of transaction-

--- Page 25 ---
25 
based reference rates to a greater extent. In the long term, this may be of importance to the development and 
use of Danish and international reference rates, such as EURIBOR and CIBOR. 
Separate workstreams are underway in Europe to transition EURIBOR to a hybrid methodology and to provide 
a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a 
methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk free rate for the euro area. €STR was published 
for the first time by the ECB on 2 October 2019. In addition, the euro risk-free rate working group has published; 
(i) on 21 January 2019, a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts without robust fallback provisions may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system; and (ii) on 6 November 2019, high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among 
other things, cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. 
In Denmark, Finance Denmark (a Danish business association for banks, mortgage banks, asset management, 
securities trading and investment funds in Denmark) published, in February 2020, its proposal for a DKK risk-
free reference rate called Denmark Short-term Rate (“DESTR”) based on Danish kroner overnight deposits. In 
January 2021, the Danish Central Bank (in Danish: Danmarks Nationalbank) undertook ownership and became 
administrator of DESTR. It is expected that a test-phase with daily reporting and calculation of DESTR will be 
launched in the second half of 2021. The impact of DESTR on CIBOR is currently unclear. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, CIBOR and other benchmarks 
will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, CIBOR and other benchmarks to 
perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the “benchmark”.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, EURIBOR or CIBOR) may adversely 
affect the value of Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark 
rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate such as EURIBOR or CIBOR were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such 
benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR or CIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or if a Benchmark Event (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below) otherwise occurs. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and, in the case of Floating Notes, Reference 
Rate Replacement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such 
Notes “Relevant Notes”), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(i) the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)); and 
(ii) such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) 
by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any)) may also determine (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Conditions of the Notes 
are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
is determined, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of 
determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period (as applicable). In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Reference Rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the relevant Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the relevant Floating

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Rate Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable 
to each Noteholder. 
In addition, potential investors should also note that: 
(i) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the relevant Notes will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the eligibility of the relevant Notes for 
the purposes of the Debt Buffer Requirement of the Issuer and/or the MREL Requirement (if applicable) 
of the Issuer; and/or 
(ii) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the terms of the relevant Notes will be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the relevant Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waivers  
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Modification of Notes), make any modification 
to the Notes, which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders. 
Because the Notes are dematerialised securities, investors will have to rely on the clearing system 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than 
statements of account made by VP or other securities depositary through which the Notes are issued and settled. 
Ownership of the Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by VP or other securities depositary through which the Notes are issued and settled. 
Minimum trading amount of Notes  
All trades in Notes shall either be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or the minimum specified denomination 
of each Note shall be a minimum €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). In such a case a 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than €100,000 in its account 
with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess of €100,000 such that its holding amounts to €100,000 
or above (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount as 
of the relevant date of issue in such other currency).

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Change of law 
The Conditions are based on Danish law in effect as at the date of issue of the Notes. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Danish law or administrative practice after the 
date of issue of the Notes. 
Risks related to the market which may affect the Issuer and/or the Notes 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading 
market does not develop or is not maintained, the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and any liquidity in such market could be 
significantly affected by any purchase and cancellation of the Notes by the Issuer, as provided in Condition 7 
(Redemption, purchase and options). Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Notes with a fixed rate of interest for all or part of their tenor involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating agency may revise, suspend, reduce or withdraw 
at any time a rating assigned by it if, in the sole judgment of the rating agency, among other things, the credit 
quality of an issue of Notes or, as the case may be, the Issuer has declined or is in question.  
In addition, there is no guarantee that any rating of the Notes and/or the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer 
following the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to a Series of Notes and/or the Issuer is revised 
lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of such Notes may be reduced.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
The Issuer is exposed to changing methodology by rating agencies  
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse changes 
of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s operations or financial condition, the 
Issuer’s willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect the Issuer’s 
capital market standing.  
The Issuer may decline ratings and the Notes may be rated on a non-solicited basis 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to the Notes, which would typically 
delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency. In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating 
agencies, rating agencies not hired by the Issuer to rate the Notes may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-
hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to the Notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will 
not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The decision to decline a rating 
assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the assignment of a non-solicited 
rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the 
Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and 
expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this general 
description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Description: 
Senior Non-Preferred Note Programme 
Size: 
DKK 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time appoint dealers in respect of one or 
more Tranches. References in this Base Prospectus to “Dealers” are to 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Issuing Agent: 
DLR Kredit A/S (being authorised by the Securities Depository to 
process and register issues in the system operated by the Securities 
Depository). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book entry form. 
Clearing System: 
VP Securities A/S or another securities depository specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes on issue will constitute Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer. Subject to Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a 
Resolution Event), the Notes will constitute direct and unsecured debt 
obligations of the Issuer, and shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
(a) pari passu with the Existing Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Existing Senior Resolution Notes and (b) pari passu with any 
other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank equally with the Notes (including any other

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer), in each case as 
regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of 
capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Issuer’s ordinary shares and any 
subordinated obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Notes, or any 
obligations pursuant to section 98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, 
in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 97 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act 
and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, in each 
case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or 
instruments which rank identical to, or different to, the Notes. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Notes may be issued having any maturity, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the Relevant Regulator or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus,  
(i) the Danish Financial Business Act provides that, to be eligible to 
fulfil the Debt Buffer Requirement, each Tranche of Notes must 
have an original maturity of at least two years; and 
(ii) section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act provides 
that, to rank as Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, each Tranche of 
Notes must have an original maturity of at least one year. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that in respect of 
Notes either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Notes shall be in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum 
specified denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency).  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
(ii) by reference to CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, 
in each case, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and interest 
will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Optional redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether the Notes may be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and, if so, the 
terms applicable to such redemption. Any such redemption shall be 
subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) (Conditions to redemption 
etc.) to the extent it is applicable.  
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event: 
Early redemption will be permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Tax Event as described in Condition 7(c) (Redemption 
for tax reasons) and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) 
(Conditions to redemption etc.). 
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of an Eligibility 
Event: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms early redemption will be 
permitted at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of an Eligibility 
Event as described in Condition 7(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence 
of an Eligibility Event) and subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) 
(Conditions to redemption etc.). 
Substitution and variation: 
If an Alignment Event and/or an Eligibility Event and/or a Rating 
Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are 
continuing, the Issuer may subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) 
(Conditions to redemption etc.), at its option, substitute all (but not some 
only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Notes. 
Loss absorption following a 
Resolution Event: 
Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the Notes may be written-down permanently (in whole or in 
part) or the Notes may be converted (in whole or in part) into a 
subordinated instrument of the Issuer, all as determined by the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority as described, and 
subject as provided for in Condition 6 (Loss absorption following a 
Resolution Event).  
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Enforcement Events: 
There will be enforcement events relating only to non-payment 
(allowing a Noteholder to institute proceedings in Denmark in order to 
recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Noteholder may 
not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Meetings of Noteholders and 
modifications: 
The Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of a Series 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all holders of such Series including 
holders of such Series who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and holders of such Series who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Issuer may also, subject to Condition 7(i) (Conditions to 
redemption) make any modification to the relevant Series of Notes which 
is not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of such Series without the 
consent of the holders of such Series. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the holders of such Series. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
to be rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Taxation: 
All payments of interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Denmark or 
any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), be required to pay Additional 
Amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of Additional 
Amounts by the Issuer will be limited to payments of interest only. 
Governing law and jurisdiction: 
The Conditions and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Danish law and the courts of Denmark shall have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with the Conditions and the Notes. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application may be made to Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S and trading on its regulated market. The relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not 
such Notes will be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S. 
Selling restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and 
Denmark, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S, shall 
constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:  
(i) the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020 together, in each case, with the audit report thereon; and 
(ii) the unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2021, 
each of which has been previously published or is published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such 
documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited annual financial statement of the Issuer for the two financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020, respectively, incorporated by reference herein have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and Danish disclosure 
requirements for issuers of listed bonds. 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 is presented 
and prepared in a form consistent with that which will be adopted in the Issuer’s next published annual financial 
statements. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for (i) the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 as set out in the relevant annual report 
of the Issuer for such periods (respectively, the “2019 Annual Report of the Issuer”, the “2020 Annual Report 
of the Issuer” and together, the “Annual Reports of the Issuer”) and (ii) the unaudited interim financial 
statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2021 as set out in the interim report of the Issuer for such period 
(the “Interim Report of the Issuer”). Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other 
than information listed in the table below is for information purposes only and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 
2020 Annual Report of the Issuer 
Management Statement ......................................................................................................... 
Page 117
Income Statement .................................................................................................................. 
Page 68
Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................................... 
Page 68
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 69
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Pages 104-115
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 72-103
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................... 
Pages 121-125
Audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 
2019 Annual Report of the Issuer 
Management Statement ......................................................................................................... 
Page 115

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Income Statement  ................................................................................................................. 
Page 70
Statement of Comprehensive Income.................................................................................... 
Page 70
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 72
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Pages 104-113
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 74-103
Independent Auditor’s Report ............................................................................................... 
Pages 119-124
Unaudited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the first half of 2021 
Interim Report of the Issuer 
Management statement .......................................................................................................... 
Page 35
Income Statement .................................................................................................................. 
Page 16
Statements of Comprehensive Income .................................................................................. 
Page 16
Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................ 
Page 17
Accounting Policies .............................................................................................................. 
Page 13
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 20-34
 
The section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the following base prospectuses, etc. relating to the 
Programme shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) Base Prospectus dated 11 July 2019 (pages 34-62) (the “2019 Terms and Conditions”); and  
(ii) Base Prospectus dated 8 September 2020 (pages 35-64) (the “2020 Terms and Conditions” and together 
with the 2019 Terms and Conditions the “Previous Terms and Conditions”). 
The 2020 Annual Report of the Issuer incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://dlr.dk/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/DLR-Kredit-Annual-Report-2020.pdf 
The 2019 Annual Report of the Issuer incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
http://www.dlr.dk/docs/DLR_Kredit_Annual_Report_2019.pdf 
The Interim Report of the Issuer for the first half of 2021 incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online 
at https://dlr.dk/downloads/2021-interim-report-2/. 
The Annual Reports of the Issuer and the Interim Report of the Issuer are English translations of the original 
reports in the Danish language. In the event of discrepancies between the original Danish text and the English 
translation, the Danish text shall prevail. 
The Previous Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference herein can be viewed online at 
https://dlr.dk/en/investor/bond-issuance/senior-debt/.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Unless 
the context otherwise requires, references in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
1 
Introduction 
(a) Programme: 
DLR 
Kredit 
A/S, 
CVR 
no. 
25781309, 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI): 
529900PR2ELW8QI1B775 (the “Issuer”) has established a Senior Non-Preferred Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issuance of senior non-preferred notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may compromise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche of Notes is the subject 
of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which completes these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. Where a particular Condition is applicable 
only to certain classes or to a particular Tranche or Series of Notes, “Notes” shall be construed in 
accordance with the relevant Condition.  
(c) Recording of Notes in dematerialised form: Notes issued under the Programme will be recorded 
electronically in dematerialised book entry form with VP Securities A/S (“VP” or the “Securities 
Depository” with such terms deemed to include any successor or replacement thereto), Weidekampsgade 
14, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, CVR no. 21599336 in accordance with an agreement between the Issuer and 
VP (effective date 18 October 2005) (the Issuer in this capacity, the “Issuing Agent”). References herein 
to VP or the Securities Depository shall, wherever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative securities depository specified in the relevant Final Terms. Settlement of 
the Notes may take place on the VP settlement platform, or on the TARGET2-Securities (T2S) platform, 
if the required conditions for T2S settlement as set out in VP’s settlement rules are fulfilled. The T2S 
platform provides harmonised and commoditised delivery-versus-payment settlement and corporate 
actions processing in central bank money. 
2 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, in addition to the expressions defined in Condition 1 above, the following expressions have 
the following meanings: 
“Additional Amounts” shall have the meaning given in Condition 9(a); 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Additional Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or 
successor term) under the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the relevant circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to the Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate; 
 “Aggregate Nominal Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“ALAC” means Additional Loss-Absorbing Capacity (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to 
time); 
“Alignment Event” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act, CRD/CRR and/or BRRD (including any provision 
of Danish law transposing or implementing BRRD) and/or the legislation relating to the Debt Buffer 
Requirement (as applicable), at any time after the date of issue of the last Tranche of Notes, the Issuer would 
be able to issue an Eligible Liability that contains one or more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer, different in any material respect from those in the Conditions; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer determines has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration: in the case of Notes for which the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the relevant Interest 
Periods, or, in any case, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer determines 
in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(ii) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a specified date within the following six months, 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any 
other agent of the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“BRRD” means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution and 
recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or 
(ii) in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); 
and/or 
(iii) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
“Business Centre(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other person specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“CIBOR” means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
“Code” has the meaning given in Condition 9(c); 
“Converted Amount” shall have the meaning given in Condition 6(a); 
“CRD” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Danish law transposing 
or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019); 
“CRD/CRR” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD, the CRR and any CRD/CRR 
Implementing Measures;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
“CRD/CRR Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other 
rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent 
required by the CRD or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European Banking Authority 
(or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Relevant Regulator, as the case may be; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements dated 
20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 as well as the 
amendments to Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 resulting from Regulation (EU) 
2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 as regards adjustments in response to 
the COVID-19 pandemic); 
“Danish Bankruptcy Act” means the Danish Bankruptcy Act (Consolidated Act no. 775 of 3 May 2021, as 
amended); 
“Danish Capital Markets Act” means the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act no. 1767 of 27 
November 2020, as amended); 
“Danish Companies Act” means the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act no. 763 of 23 July 2019, as 
amended); 
“Danish Financial Business Act” means the Danish Financial Business Act (Consolidated Act no. 1447 of 11 
September 2020, as amended); 
"Danish FSA" means the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority; 
“Danish Limitation Act” means the Danish Limitations Act (Consolidated Act no. 1238 of 9 November 2015, 
as amended);  
“Danish Recovery and Resolution Act” means the Danish Act on Restructuring and Resolution of Certain 
Financial Undertakings (Consolidated Act no. 24 of 4 January 2019, as amended); 
“Danish Resolution Authority” means Finansiel Stabilitet and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the restructuring and resolution of the Issuer, as determined by the 
Issuer; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365);

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(ii) if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360;  
(v) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date (if any) or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
“Debt Buffer Requirement” means the debt buffer requirement referred to in section 268 of the Danish 
Financial Business Act; 
“Eligibility Event” means, at any time, on or after the date of issue of the last Tranche of the Notes, there is a 
change in the regulatory treatment of the Notes (as a result of (i) a change of laws, (ii) new laws or regulations 
coming into effect or (iii) a change in the interpretation or administrative practice by the Relevant Regulator)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
that results, or will result in, their exclusion in full from eligibility for the purposes of the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer and/or the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer, provided that the Issuer 
satisfies the Relevant Regulator that the change in regulatory treatment of such Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance;  
“Eligible Liability” means a security that, if issued, would be eligible for the purposes of (i) the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer and (ii) the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer; 
“Enforcement Events” has the meaning given in Condition 11; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone interbank offered rate; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Existing Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means the following debt instruments issued by the Issuer:  
(i) 
DKK 750,000,000 Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes due July 2023 (ISIN: DK0006348248); 
(ii) DKK 250,000,000 Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes due July 2023 (ISIN: DK0006348404); 
(iii) DKK 1,000,000,000 Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes due July 2024 (ISIN: DK0006352273); or 
(iv) DKK 1,000,000,000 Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes due July 2025 (ISIN: DK0006352943); 
“Existing Senior Resolution Notes” means DKK 1,000,000,000 Floating Rate Senior Resolution Notes due 
June 2022 (ISIN: DK0006344767); 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fiscal Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date” means, in the case of Notes for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than 
five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest 
Period; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (as applicable):  
(i) 
the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; and  
(ii) any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is so specified:  
(i) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro; or 
(ii) the day falling two Business Days in Copenhagen prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is Danish Kroner; or 
(iii) the day falling two Business Days in Oslo prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner; or 
(iv) the day falling two Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Swedish Kronor; or 
(v) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is not euro, Danish Kroner, Norwegian Kroner or 
Swedish Kronor; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement of eligible liabilities referred to in the BRRD and 
relevant implementing legislation in Denmark; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian interbank offered rate;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
“Noteholder” means a person who is registered with the Securities Depository as directly registered owner or 
nominee holder of a Note; 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a Noteholders’ meeting held pursuant to Condition 14; 
“Optional Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the Notes; or 
(ii) any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 5(b)(v), 
“outstanding” means, of any Series, all the Notes issued other than:  
(i) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions;  
(ii) those that have been written down permanently (in whole or in part) pursuant to Condition 6(a); 
(iii) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(iv) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions;  
provided that, for the purposes of:  
(i) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders; and  
(ii) the determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 13 and 15, as 
applicable,  
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means, in respect of a Note, the outstanding principal amount of such Note 
as adjusted from time to time for any reduction of the principal amount of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6 or as otherwise required by then current legislation and/or regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
and “Outstanding Principal Amounts” means the sum of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note; 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given in Condition 12(a); 
“Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 
7(i); 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
“Qualifying Notes” means, at any time, any securities issued or guaranteed by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Debt Buffer Requirement of the Issuer, the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer and the ALAC 
of the Issuer, in each case, to at least the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7(h); and 
(ii) carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 7(h); and

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(iii) have the same currency of payment, denomination, original principal amount and Outstanding Principal 
Amounts as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(h); and 
(iv) rank senior to, or pari passu with the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 7(h); and  
(v) shall not at such time, following the substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(h), be subject to an 
Eligibility Event, a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event; and  
(vi) have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that 
effect signed by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be 
available at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business 
Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(h), the issue date of the 
relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(h), the date such 
variation becomes effective; and 
(vii) if (A) the Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market or (B) the Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a regulated market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock 
exchange (including, without limitation, a regulated market), in either case as selected by the Issuer; and 
(viii) have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them if the Notes had a 
solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms and subject, at all times, 
if any such rate is below zero, that such rate will be deemed to be zero, unless otherwise stated in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Rating Methodology Event” means there is a change in, clarification to or amendment of any relevant 
methodology of S&P (or in the interpretation of such methodology) after the date of issue of the last Tranche 
of the Notes as a result of which the ALAC assigned to the Notes by S&P is, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, reduced in full;  
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal 
Danish office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. The Reference Rate shall be 
any one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR, subject as provided in Condition 5(b)(v); 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on 
or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Danish FSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, as determined by the 
Issuer; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Resolution Event” means that a determination has been made by the Danish Resolution Authority that the 
conditions for resolution in accordance with section 4 of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act have been 
satisfied; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer which 
rank as described in section 13(3) of the Danish Recovery and Resolution Act; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or any successor therefor); 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto;  
“Tax Event” means: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in the laws, regulations or rulings of Denmark or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer receives an opinion of external counsel in the Kingdom 
of Denmark that (A) it would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 9 or (B) it 
will no longer be able to obtain a tax deduction for the purposes of Danish tax for any payment of interest 
under the Notes; and 
(ii) (in the case of (i)(A) only) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
“Tier 1 Capital” means capital which is treated as Tier 1 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) under 
the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated as Tier 2 capital (or any equivalent or successor term) under 
the CRD/CRR requirements by the Relevant Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer; 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
“Written Down Amount” shall have the meaning given in Condition 6(a); and 
“Written Procedure” means a written procedure held pursuant to Condition 15. 
3 
Form, Issue Date, denomination, currency, nominal amount, trades, transferability and title 
(a) Form, Issue Date, currency, denomination, nominal amount and trades: 
(i) 
The Notes are in bearer form (in Danish: ihændehaver) and issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form through the Securities Depository.  
(ii) The Issue Date for each Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) The Notes are denominated in the Specified Currency. The Aggregate Nominal Amount for each 
Tranche of Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable. The Notes shall be registered 
in the Securities Depository in multiples corresponding to the Specified Denomination. The 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. It may be specified in Specified Denominations in the relevant Final 
Terms, that all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be in a certain 
minimum amount. Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription for Notes shall be 
in a minimum amount of €100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount as of the relevant date of issue in such other currency). 
(iv) The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) Transferability and title: 
(i) 
The Notes are freely transferable but the Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Notes specified under “Specified Denomination(s)” in the relevant 
Final Terms or under laws to which a Noteholder may be subject. Each Noteholder must ensure 
compliance with such restrictions at its own cost and expense. 
(ii) Legal title to the Notes will pass by electronic registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by the Securities Depository in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Securities 
Depository from time to time. A Noteholder shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated 
as the absolute owner of the Notes for all purposes and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Noteholder. 
(iii) The Issuer shall, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the extent permitted under applicable 
regulations and the rules and procedures of the Securities Depository from time to time, have access 
on demand to static data and ownership of the Noteholders registered in the securities register.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(iv) The Issuer may use the information referred to in Condition 3(b)(iii) only for the purposes of carrying 
out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Conditions and shall not disclose such 
information to any Noteholder. 
(c) Noteholder’s rights: 
(i) 
If a beneficial owner of a Note not being registered as a Noteholder wishes to exercise any rights 
under the Notes (including, but not limited to participating in Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written 
Procedure), it must obtain proof of ownership of the Notes, acceptable to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a Written 
Procedure). 
(ii) A Noteholder (whether registered as such or proven to the satisfaction of the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or the relevant Issuer, as applicable, to be the beneficial owner of the Note as 
set out in Condition 3(c)(i)) may issue one or more powers of attorney to third parties to represent it 
in relation to some or all of the Notes held or beneficially owned by such Noteholder. The chairman 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the relevant Issuer, as applicable, shall only have to examine the face 
of a power of attorney or similar evidence of authorisation that has been provided to it pursuant to 
this Condition 3(c) and may assume that it is in full force and effect, unless otherwise apparent from 
its face or the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the relevant Issuer, as applicable, has actual 
knowledge to the contrary. 
4 
Status of the Notes 
(a) Status of the Notes: The Notes on issue will constitute Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer. 
Subject to Condition 6, the Notes constitute direct and unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer, and shall 
at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) (a) pari passu with the Existing Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Existing Senior Resolution 
Notes and (b) pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank equally with the Notes (including any other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of 
the Issuer), in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer; 
(iii) senior to holders of the Issuer’s ordinary shares and any subordinated obligations or instruments of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Notes, or any obligations pursuant to section 
98 of the Danish Bankruptcy Act, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic payments on 
a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer; and 
(iv) junior to present or future claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer pursuant to section 97 of 
the Danish Bankruptcy Act and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, in each case as regards the right to receive periodic 
payments on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
(b) No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim: No Noteholder, who shall in the event of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer be indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
The Issuer reserves the right in the future to issue other notes or instruments, with identical or other ranking 
than the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(a) on Fixed Rate Notes shall only apply if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable to one or more 
Interest Period(s). 
(ii) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Outstanding Principal 
Amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(e). 
(b) Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Application: The provisions in this Condition 5(b) on Floating Rate Notes shall only apply if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms, as being applicable to one 
or more Interest Period(s). 
(ii) Interest Payment Dates and Rate of Interest: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
Outstanding Principal Amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(iii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iv) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
(2) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) in the case of CIBOR, 
12.00 noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR or 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the 
case of STIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (x)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal Danish 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal 
Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Copenhagen time) or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market or, if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(v) Reference Rate Replacement: This Condition 5(b)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable and Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest

--- Page 54 ---
54 
is/are to be determined, in each case, to one or more Interest Periods and if Reference Rate 
Replacement is also specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable. 
If, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b)(iv)(B), the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant 
Series of Notes: 
(a) the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes and (B) in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread; 
(b) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
still determine (A) a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(v). Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Reference 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(c) if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) above, such Successor Reference Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(b)(v)); 
(d) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines a Successor Reference Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders) also specify changes to the Conditions in order to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) the Business Centre(s), 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Reference Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for 
determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available (such 
amendments, the “Reference Replacement Amendments”); and 
(f) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable), give notice thereof to the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any consequential changes made to the 
Conditions (if any). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(v) shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Calculation Agent or the 
Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(v). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5(b)(v), the Rate of Interest 
for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iv)(B) (i) if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if applicable), is 
unable to or does not determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b)(v), and (ii) where the Issuer determines a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and any consequential changes made to the Conditions (if any). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(v): 
(i) 
no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and 
no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(v), 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the eligibility of the Notes for the purposes of the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer and/or the MREL Requirement (if applicable) of the Issuer; or 
 (ii) no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and 
no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(v), 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(c) Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(d) Margin:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be

--- Page 56 ---
56 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(e) Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the relevant Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of 
those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, 
the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest 
is required to be calculated. 
(f) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount (if any), 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the relevant Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent (where the Calculation Agent is not the Fiscal Agent), the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent (where the Paying Agent is not the Issuer), the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information, 
the Issuing Agent (where the Issuing Agent is not the Issuer), and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or, in the circumstances described in Condition 5(b)(v), the 
Issuer, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Conditions and/or relevant Final Terms and for so long as 
any Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in the Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the relevant Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount (if any), Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Copenhagen or London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
6 
Loss absorption following a Resolution Event 
(a) Write-down or conversion: Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event, the Outstanding Principal 
Amounts of the Notes may be written down permanently (in whole or in part) or the Notes may be 
converted (in whole or in part) into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, all as determined by the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority, provided that all other debt instruments and 
other obligations of the Issuer which are expressed to rank or which rank junior to the Notes in the case 
of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer have already fully absorbed losses of the Issuer to the extent 
required by the Danish Resolution Authority before any write-down or conversion of the Notes pursuant 
to the application of this provision. 
Following a write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes or a conversion of the Notes 
into a subordinated instrument of the Issuer, in either case as a result of the application of this Condition 
6(a) the Noteholders will be automatically deemed to waive irrevocably their right to receive, and no 
longer have any rights against the Issuer with respect to, repayment of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so written down or converted (such amount, the “Written Down Amount” or the “Converted 
Amount”) or any accrued but unpaid interest on the Written Down Amount or Converted Amount. 
The application of this Condition 6(a) is not a default in payment pursuant to the Conditions. 
(b) Effect: A write-down or conversion as described in Condition 6(a) will take effect on the date and in the 
manner determined by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority. 
(c) Notice: 
(i) 
Upon the occurrence of a Resolution Event or as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that a Resolution 
Event may or will occur; and 
(ii) upon any write-down or conversion of the Notes as a result of the application of Condition 6(a) or 
as soon as the Issuer becomes aware that any such write-down or conversion may or will occur, 
the Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19. Such notice will 
include: (A) in the case of a notice pursuant to (i) above, details of the relevant Resolution Event and (B) 
in the case of a notice pursuant to (ii) above, details of the relevant write-down or conversion. 
7 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) Final redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8. 
(b) Early Redemption Amount: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) Redemption for tax reasons: Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event in relation to any Series of Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to

--- Page 58 ---
58 
the Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes 
are Floating Rate Notes, on an Interest Payment Date provided, however, that in the case (i)(A) of the 
definition of Tax Event, no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, if the Notes 
are Floating Rate Notes, a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling 
within the then current Interest Period applicable to such Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay the relevant Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. 
(d) Redemption upon the occurrence of an Eligibility Event: Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), 
and if the relevant Final Terms, specifies that this Condition 7(d) applies, then upon the occurrence of an 
Eligibility Event, the Issuer may, at its option, having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal 
Early Redemption Restriction), redeem all (but not some only) of such Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes, on an Interest Payment Date. 
(e) Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 7(i)), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 19 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to the Permission Withdrawal 
Early Redemption Restriction) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem the Notes in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, (which may be their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
7(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less 
that the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time (but subject to Condition 7(i)) purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise at any price. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall not entitle 
the Noteholder to vote at any meetings of Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the 
purposes of determining a quorum at any meeting of Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 13 and 
Condition 15.  
(g) Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may (but subject to Condition 7(i)) be 
cancelled by the Issuer when the Issuer holds the title to them. The Notes are cancelled in the records of 
the Securities Depository so that the cancelled Notes cannot be reissued or resold, and subsequently the 
Issuer has no obligations pertaining to the cancelled Notes. The outstanding amount of Notes will be 
updated in the records of the Securities Depository. 
(h) Substitution and variation:  
(i) 
Subject to having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 19) and the Fiscal Agent, if an Alignment Event and/or an Eligibility 
Event and/or a Rating Methodology Event and/or a Tax Event has/have occurred and is/are 
continuing, the Issuer may (subject to Condition 7(i)) at its option, substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(ii) Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms 
and conditions of the Qualifying Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any 
cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
(i) 
Conditions to redemption etc. prior to the Maturity Date:  
(i) 
The Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, modified, substituted or varied (as 
applicable) pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d), Condition 7(e), Condition 7(f), Condition 
7(g), Condition 7(h), Condition 13, Condition 15 or paragraph (ii) of Condition 17 if: 
(a) in the case of any such variation or modification, the Issuer has notified the Relevant Regulator 
and/or (if applicable, as determined by the Issuer) the Danish Resolution Authority of, and the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority have/has, as applicable, if required 
by applicable law at the time of such variation or modification, not objected to such variation 
or modification; 
(b) in the case of any such redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation, the Issuer has 
notified the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (if applicable, as 
determined by the Issuer) of, and the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution 
Authority have/has, as applicable, if required by applicable law at the time of such redemption, 
substitution, purchase or cancellation, given permission to such redemption, substitution, 
purchase or cancellation (as applicable) and, if so given by the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable), such permission have/has, as applicable, not been 
withdrawn by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) 
prior to the date fixed for redemption, substitution, purchase or cancellation (as applicable); 
(c) in relation to redemption as a result of a Tax Event, the Issuer has notified the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 within the notice period specified in Condition 7(c) that such 
Tax Event has occurred or will occur no more than 90 days following the date fixed for 
redemption, as the case may; and 
(d) in relation to redemption as a result of a Tax Event, the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed 
by two members of its Executive Board to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available 
at the Fiscal Agent’s specified office during its normal business hours) not less than 5 Business 
Days prior to the date set for redemption that such Tax Event has occurred or will occur no 
more than 90 days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(ii) If, after a notice of redemption has been given pursuant to to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(d) or 
Condition 7(e) (as applicable), the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) withdraw/withdraws their/its, as applicable, permission to the relevant redemption before 
the relevant redemption date, such notice of redemption shall automatically be revoked and the 
relevant redemption shall not be made until a new redemption notice is given and all conditions for 
redemption as described in this Condition 7(i) have been fulfilled. The redemption restriction 
described in this paragraph is referred to as the “Permission Withdrawal Early Redemption 
Restriction”. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) to 
grant their/its, as applicable, permission to any such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as 
applicable) pursuant to paragraph 7(i)(i)(b) of this Condition 7(i) (or, as the case may be, any 
withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator and/or the Danish Resolution Authority (as applicable) of any 
such permission) will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
8 
Payments 
(a) Principal and interest: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer 
to an account denominated in the Specified Currency with a custody bank to the Noteholders shown in 
the relevant records of the Securities Depository, in accordance with and subject to the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing the Securities Depository. 
(b) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives which are applicable to such payments in the place of payment or other laws to 
which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by any such laws, regulations or directives, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(c) Payment on Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  
9 
Taxation 
(a) Gross up: All payments of interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision therein or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note or the receipt of 
interest in respect of such Note; or 
(ii) Claim more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: where a claim for payment is made by the 
Noteholder more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on claiming payment on or before 
the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of Additional Amounts by the Issuer will be limited to 
payments of interest only. 
(b) Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than 
Denmark, references in the Conditions to Denmark shall be construed as references to Denmark and/or 
such other jurisdiction. 
(c) FATCA: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereunder.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be subject to limitation under the Danish 
Limitation Act and shall become void unless proceedings have been commenced or the limitation period has 
otherwise been suspended or interrupted pursuant to the rules of the Danish Limitation Act within 10 years (in 
the case of principal) or three years (in the case of interest) from the date when the creditor was entitled to claim 
payment within the meaning of section 2 of the Danish Limitation Act. 
11 Enforcement Events 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Enforcement Event”) shall be enforcement events in relation 
to any Series of Notes: 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 6, if the Issuer shall fail to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and such 
payment obligations are not met within seven Business Days after the Issuer has received notice thereof, 
any Noteholder may, at its own discretion and without further notice, institute proceedings in Denmark in 
order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder, provided that a Noteholder may not 
at any time file for liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. Any Noteholder may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any 
obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not 
by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it; and 
(ii) if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, then 
the Notes shall become due and payable at their Outstanding Principal Amount together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. 
12 Agents 
(a) Appointment of Agents: The Issuer will perform the tasks of the Issuing Agent, the fiscal agent (“Fiscal 
Agent”) as they are described in the Conditions and the tasks of the paying agent (“Paying Agent”), which 
is paying any amount due under the Notes in accordance with the Conditions. Unless the Calculation 
Agent is the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder 
(b) Replacement of Agents: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other paying 
agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent), which is 
authorised to act as an account holding institution with the relevant Securities Depository and (iv) such 
other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
13 Decisions by Noteholders 
(a) Powers of Noteholders’ Meeting and Written Procedure: 
(i) 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure shall, subject to the Conditions, have power to:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(A) sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer, whether or not 
those rights arise under the Notes; 
(B) sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, notes or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity; 
(C) assent to any modification of the Notes or the Conditions proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) authorise anyone to concur in or do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to a 
resolution taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; 
(E) appoint and elect a representative on behalf of the Noteholders pursuant to the Danish Capital 
Markets Act; 
(F) appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise at a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure; and 
(G) approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal 
debtor under the Notes or the Conditions. 
(ii) the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent shall upon request provide the convening Noteholder(s) with the 
information available in the securities register kept by the Securities Depository in respect of the 
Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure, as the case 
may be. 
(iii) Decisions to be taken by the Noteholders may be dealt with, at the option of the Issuer, at a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure. 
(iv) A Noteholders’ Meeting will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 14. 
(v) A Written Procedure will be held in accordance with the procedure pursuant to Condition 15. 
(b) Voting rights: 
(i) 
Each Noteholder holds one vote for each Note. The Issuer has no voting rights in respect of Notes 
held by the Issuer. 
(ii) Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney from a person who is, 
recorded as a Noteholder: 
(A) on the date falling on the immediately preceding Business Day to the date of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting being held, in respect of a Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(B) on the Business Day specified in the communication pursuant to Condition 15(a), in respect of 
a Written Procedure, 
may exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at such Noteholders’ Meeting or in such Written 
Procedure.  
(iii) In order to be entitled to exercise voting rights as a Noteholder at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a 
Written Procedure, each Noteholder must document its holding of Notes by:  
(A)  presenting a custody account statement from the Securities Depository or an authorised 
institution evidencing that such Noteholder was registered as a Noteholder on the Business Day

--- Page 63 ---
63 
specified in the notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 14(c) or 
communication to instigate a Written Procedure pursuant to Condition 15(a), as applicable; or  
(B) providing other proof of holding which, in the case of a Noteholders’ Meeting is satisfactory 
to the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the case of a Written Procedure is satisfactory 
to the Issuer. 
(iv) For the purposes of this Condition 13(b), a beneficial owner of a Note that has a Note registered in 
the name of a nominee will, in accordance with Condition 3(c), be deemed to be the owner of the 
Note rather than the nominee. No vote may be exercised at Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Written 
Procedure by any nominee if the beneficial owner of the Note has presented relevant evidence to the 
chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting (in case of a Noteholders’ Meeting) or the Issuer (in case of a 
Written Procedure) pursuant to Condition 3(c) stating that it is the beneficial owner of the Notes 
voted for. If such owner of the Notes has voted directly for any of its nominee registered Notes, the 
owner of the Notes votes shall take precedence over votes submitted by the nominee for the same 
Notes. 
(c) Percentage of Noteholders required to consent: 
(i) 
The following matters shall require the consent of Noteholders representing at least 75 per cent of 
the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding for which Noteholders are voting at 
a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a Written Procedure in accordance with 
the instructions given pursuant to Condition 15(a): 
(A) a change to the terms of any provision of Condition 4 and/or Condition 6; 
(B) a reduction of the amount payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any Note pursuant to 
Condition 7 other than as permitted or required by the Conditions; 
(C) a change to the interest rate or the nominal amount of the Notes (other than as permitted or 
required by the Conditions); 
(D) a change to the terms dealing with the requirements for Noteholders’ consent set out in this 
Condition 13(c)(i); 
(E) a change of Issuer (other than as permitted or required by the Conditions), an extension of the 
tenor of the Notes or any delay of the due date for payment of any principal or interest on the 
Notes; 
(F) a mandatory exchange of the Notes for other securities (other than as permitted by the 
Conditions); and  
(G) early redemption of the Notes, other than upon an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 11, or as otherwise permitted or required by the Conditions. 
(ii) Any matter not covered by Condition 13(c)(i) above shall require the consent of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
for which Noteholders are voting at a Noteholders’ Meeting or for which Noteholders reply in a 
Written Procedure. 
(d) Quorum: 
(i) 
A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in respect of a Written Procedure only exists if a Noteholder 
(or Noteholders) representing at least 50 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being

--- Page 64 ---
64 
outstanding in case of a matter pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i), and otherwise 20 per cent in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding: 
(A) if at a Noteholders’ Meeting, attend the meeting in person or by telephone conference (or appear 
through duly authorised representatives); or 
(B) if in respect of a Written Procedure, reply to the request. 
(ii) Notes held by the Issuer shall not be taken into account when determining whether the required 
quorum has been met according to Condition 13(d) or Condition 15(b). 
(iii) No resolution may be passed if it is clear that that resolution is likely to give certain Noteholders or 
others an undue advantage over other Noteholders. 
(e) Issuer’s, Paying Agent’s, Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s consent 
required: Any decision which extends or increases the obligations of the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the 
Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or 
benefits of the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent under 
the Notes shall be subject to the Issuer’s, the Paying Agent’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Fiscal Agent’s or 
the Calculation Agent’s consent, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Decisions binding on all Noteholders and information to Noteholders: 
(i) 
A matter decided at a duly convened and held Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of Written Procedure 
is binding on all Noteholders, irrespective of them being present or represented at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or responding in the Written Procedure. The Noteholders that have not adopted or voted for 
a decision shall not be liable for any damages that this may cause other Noteholders. 
(ii) Information about decisions taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting or by way of a Written Procedure shall 
promptly be notified to the Noteholders, provided that a failure to do so shall not invalidate any 
decision made or voting result achieved. The minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure shall at the request of a Noteholder be sent to it by the Issuer. 
(g) Minutes: Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Written Procedure and, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding 
meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting 
for which minutes have been so made and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held 
and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
14 Noteholders’ Meeting 
(a) Attendance: 
(i) 
The following may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(A) 
Noteholders and proxies having presented relevant evidence to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iii); 
(B) 
any beneficial owners of the Notes having presented relevant evidence to the chairman of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting pursuant to Condition 3(c); 
(C) 
any representative of the Noteholders appointed pursuant to the Danish Capital Markets Act;  
(D) 
the chairman; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(E) 
the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Fiscal Agent (through their respective representatives) and 
their respective financial and legal advisers. 
(ii) No one else may attend or speak. 
(b) Chairman:  
(i) 
The chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate or, if no 
nomination is made, the person elected by the Noteholders present at such meeting. 
(ii) The Issuer shall, upon request, provide the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting with the 
information available in the securities register kept by the Securities Depository in respect of the 
Notes in order to convene and hold the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
(c) Convening a Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(i) 
The Issuer may at any time, and shall, if so requested by one or more Noteholders representing at 
least 10 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amounts of the Notes convene a Noteholders' Meeting 
or initiate a Written Procedure. The Issuer may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting or 
instigating a Written Procedure if (i) the suggested decision must be approved by any person in 
addition to the Noteholders and such person has informed the Issuer that an approval will not be 
given, or (ii) the suggested decision is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
(ii) The Issuer shall call the Noteholders by notice to each Noteholders’ Meeting no later than 14 days 
after having received request to convene such Noteholders’ Meeting from the Noteholders containing 
the subject of such meeting. If the Issuer does not call the Noteholders’ Meeting within the deadline, 
the Noteholders shall be entitled to call the Noteholders’ Meeting. The notice to convene a 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall be sent to each such person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date 
on which the notice is sent.  
(d) Notice to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting: The notice pursuant to Condition 14(c) shall include the 
following: 
(i) 
time for the Noteholders’ Meeting, which must be at least 10 days but not more than 30 days after 
the notice to the Noteholders; 
(ii) place for the Noteholders’ Meeting; 
(iii) specification of the Business Day pursuant to Condition 13(b)(ii)(A) on which a person must be 
registered as a Noteholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(iv) agenda for the meeting (including each request for a decision by the Noteholders); and 
(v) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that have been included in the notice may be resolved 
upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Should prior notification by the Noteholders be required in order to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such 
requirement shall be included in the notice. 
(e) Venue for Noteholders’ Meetings: All Noteholders’ Meetings shall be held in the Copenhagen area and 
the Issuer shall pay expenses associated with the meeting other than travel and other expenses incurred by 
the Noteholders which shall be borne by each individual Noteholder.  
15 Written Procedure 
(a) Instigating a Written Procedure:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(i) 
The Issuer may instigate a Written Procedure at any time by sending a communication to each such 
Person who is registered as a Noteholder on the date on which the communication is sent. 
(ii) A communication pursuant to Condition 15(a)(i) shall include the following: 
(A) each request for a decision by the Noteholders; 
(B) a description of the reasons for each request; 
(C) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a Noteholder in 
order to be entitled to exercise voting rights; 
(D) instructions and directions on replying to the request (including a form for such reply 
containing an option to vote yes or no for each request) as well as a form of power of attorney; 
and 
(E) the stipulated time period within which the Noteholder must reply to the request (such time 
period to last at least fifteen (15) Business Days from the communication pursuant to Condition 
15(a)(i)). 
If the voting shall be made electronically, instructions for such voting shall be included in the 
communication. 
(b) Decisions: When the requisite majority consents of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding pursuant 
to Condition 13(c) have been received in a Written Procedure, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be 
adopted pursuant to Condition 13(c) even if the time period for replies in the Written Procedure has not 
yet expired.  
16 Representative 
No trustee, agent or representative of the Noteholders will be appointed. 
17 Modification of Notes 
The Issuer may make, without the consent of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification to the Notes or the Conditions to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) subject to Condition 7(i), any modification to the Notes or the Conditions which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.  
Subject as provided in the Conditions, no other modification may be made to the Notes or the Conditions except 
with the sanction of a Noteholders’ Meeting or a Written Procedure or as may be required by applicable laws 
or a court ruling or decision by a relevant authority. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18 Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
19 Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the Securities Depository in 
force from time to time and in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date it is published in accordance with the procedure of the Securities 
Depository. 
20 Force majeure 
Even in areas where a stricter statutory liability applies, neither the Issuer nor the Issuing Agent, the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent shall be liable for losses due to: 
(i) 
the breakdown of or lack of access to IT systems or damage to the data of these systems which can be 
attributed to paragraphs (ii) to (iv) below regardless of whether the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) itself or themselves or an external supplier is responsible for 
the operation of the systems; 
(ii) failures in the Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s (as relevant) 
power supply or telecommunications, statutory intervention or administrative acts, natural disasters, war, 
insurrections, civil riots, sabotage, terror or vandalism (including computer viruses and backing); 
(iii) strike, lockout, boycott or blockade regardless of whether the conflict is directed at or initiated by the 
Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) itself or themselves or 
its or their organisation and regardless of the reason for the conflict and whether the conflict affects all or 
part of the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant); or 
(iv) other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s (as relevant) control. 
If circumstances mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above occur, which make it impossible for the Issuer, the 
Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent to comply with their obligations under these 
Conditions (to the extent they have any obligations under the Conditions), including (but not limited to) the 
Issuer’s obligations to make payments under the Notes, these obligations will be suspended until the 
circumstances in question cease. 
The Issuer’s, the Issuing Agent’s, the Paying Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s exemption from liability 
pursuant to this Condition 20 will not apply if: 
(i) 
the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) should have 
anticipated the factor causing the loss when the agreement was entered into or should have avoided or 
overcome the rea-son for the loss; or 
(ii) the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as relevant) is liable for the factor 
causing the loss pursuant to applicable legislation. 
21 Waiver and remedies 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of a Noteholder, any right in the Conditions shall 
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or future exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in addition to all other rights provided by 
law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, 
similar or other instances without such notice or demand.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
22 Governing law, jurisdiction and recognition of write down or conversion powers 
(a) Governing law: The Conditions and the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Danish law. 
(b) Jurisdiction: The courts of Denmark shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Conditions and the Notes. 
(c) Recognition of write down or conversion powers: For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to write-down or conversion as provided for in Condition 6(a).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general 
financing requirements including, inter alia, supplementary collateral requirements and to fulfil the Debt Buffer 
Requirement of the Issuer pursuant to section 268 of the Danish Financial Business Act. The Issuer is, at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, not subject to the MREL Requirement. If and to the extent that the Issuer becomes 
subject to the MREL Requirement, the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes by the Issuer will, 
if eligible, be used to fulfil the MREL Requirement of the Issuer. 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes are expected to be eligible for inclusion in the 
Additional Loss-Absorbing Capacity of the Issuer as described by S&P. 
The Notes will not qualify as regulatory capital according to CRD.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Background 
The Issuer is a Danish mortgage bank established in 1960. The Issuer grants loans against mortgages on real 
property within the agricultural (including residential farms), commercial, and private cooperative housing 
sectors. 
The Issuer established a mortgage credit business on 12 October 1960 under the name of Dansk Landbrugs 
Realkreditfond. The Issuer was founded by Danmarks Nationalbank (the central bank of Denmark) and the then 
Associations of Danish Banks and of Danish Savings banks as a result of several years of deliberations on the 
availability and terms of credit in the Danish agricultural sector.  
The Issuer was organised as an independent foundation with an assembly of representatives as the governing 
body. The Issuer had its own statutory basis (Act no. 278 of 7 July 1960 on a Financing Institute for Farming 
and Agriculture, etc.), which limited the lending to agricultural, forestry and market garden property, etc. The 
Issuer had the exclusive right to provide mortgage-credit loans to agriculture in the range from 45 per cent to 
70 per cent of the value of the property, based on the issuance of bonds.  
This exclusivity ended 1 January 1999. As of 1 July 2000, the Issuer’s statutory basis was changed to the legal 
framework of the Danish Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. Act, and, at the same time, 
the Issuer acquired a status equal to that of the other Danish mortgage banks. From then on, the Issuer’s lending 
was no longer limited to agricultural, forestry and market garden property, etc.  
Effective 1 January 2001, the Issuer was converted into a limited liability company under its present name 
(DLR Kredit A/S), a company founded on 1 December 2000.  
After the conversion, the Issuer expanded from solely offering loans to agriculture to including also private 
residential rental properties, private cooperative housing properties, office and retail properties, public housing 
properties, manufacturing and workshop properties, community power plants and “other properties” (mainly 
unbuilt land). Since 2002, the Issuer has also, albeit to a limited extent, been granting loans in Greenland and, 
since 2009, the Faroe Islands.  
Ownership, legal structure and license 
The Issuer’s registered office is situated in the City of Copenhagen, at Nyropsgade 21, DK-1780 Copenhagen 
V, Denmark. The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is DLR Kredit A/S. The Issuer carries on business 
under the secondary name, Dansk Landbrugs Realkreditfond A/S. 
The Issuer is incorporated in Denmark as a limited liability company under the laws of Denmark and is 
registered in Denmark with the Danish Business Authority under company registration (CVR) number 25 78 
13 09. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code: 529900PR2ELW8QI1B775. 
Pursuant to article 2 of the Issuer’s Articles of Associations, the Issuer’s object is to carry on business as a 
mortgage bank and other business deemed to be related to this object.  
The Issuer’s share capital amounts to DKK 569,964,023 divided into shares of DKK 1 each. The share capital 
is not divided into classes. At the date of preparation of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer holds 46,122,083 shares 
itself, representing 8,1 per cent of the share capital. The remaining share capital consisting of 523,841,940 
shares has been fully paid up. 
The Issuer’s shares are primarily owned by domestic financial institutions. No shareholder holds a controlling 
interest. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been informed that the following shareholders have 
an ownership interest of more than 5 per cent: Jyske Bank A/S, Nykredit Realkredit A/S, Sydbank A/S, Spar

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Nord Bank A/S, Ringkjøbing Landbobank. Aktieselskab, Jutlander Bank A/S, Sparekassen Vendsyssel and 
PRAS A/S. 
The Issuer is not part of a group. The Issuer’s shares are not admitted to trading on a regulated market, and any 
share transaction, that is, transfer of ownership and/or voting rights, is subject to approval by the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors. The Issuer primarily distributes its products (loans) through its shareholding banks, but also 
through other financial institutions.  
The Issuer is licenced by the Danish FSA to operate its business, and the Danish FSA supervises the Issuer on 
an ongoing basis.  
The Issuer had total assets of DKK 181.1bn (approx. EUR 24.3bn) as at 31 December 2020, and the Issuer’s 
total equity amounted to DKK 14.2bn (approx. EUR 1.9bn) as at 31 December 2020. Profit before tax for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 was DKK 960m (approx. EUR 129.1m). The Issuer had 210 full-time 
equivalent employees on average in 2020, and 24 part-time employed agricultural valuers.  
Financial highlights 
DKK millions 
2020 
2019 
Income statement: 
 
 
Core income 
1,366 
1,360 
Staff costs and administrative expenses, etc. 
-300 
-275 
Other operating costs (contribution to Resolution Fund) 
-15 
-12 
Provision for impairments on loans and receivables, etc. 
-62 
86 
Core earnings 
989 
1,159 
Earnings from investment portfolios (sub-funds) 
-29 
-75 
Profit before tax 
960 
1,085 
Profit after tax 
771 
846 
Balance sheet: 
 
 
Loans and advances 
166,787 
16,837 
Issued bonds at fair value 
164,433 
157,639 
Equity 
14,183 
13,311 
Total assets 
181,083 
173,444 
Financial ratios: 
 
 
Total capital ratio (per cent) 
18.8 
17.1 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio (per cent) 
17.1 
15.5 
Profit before tax as a percentage of equity 
7.0 
8.3 
The Issuer’s business activities 
The Issuer is a mortgage bank operating in Denmark. In addition, the Issuer operates a mortgage lending 
business in Greenland and the Faroe Islands of very limited significance. 
The Issuer carries on mortgage credit business, including any kind of activities permitted pursuant to the Danish 
Mortgage-Credit Loans and Mortgage-Credit Bonds, etc. Act and other applicable legislation on mortgage 
banks in force at any given time.  
The Issuer primarily offers mortgage financing of agricultural, forestry and market garden property, private 
residential rental property, private cooperative property, office and retail property and manufacturing and 
workshop property.  
At 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s loan portfolio in terms of nominal outstanding bond debt amounted to DKK  
164.3bn, of which loans to Greenland and the Faroe Islands amounted to DKK  3.0bn or 1.8 per cent of the loan

--- Page 72 ---
72 
portfolio. Total lending to agriculture represented  55.0 per cent of the outstanding bond debt; lending to owner-
occupied dwellings including residential farms represented  5 per cent and lending to commercial properties 
and private cooperative properties represented  39.6 per cent (as set out below): 
The Issuer’s mortgage loans at nominal value by property category 
as at 31 December 2020 
Proportion 
(per cent) 
Agricultural properties, incl. market garden property 
 55.0 
Owner-occupied dwellings, incl. residential farms 
5.5 
Office and retail properties 
 16.9 
Private residential rental properties 
 18.9 
Private cooperative properties 
 2.0 
Other properties 
 1.8 
The Capital structure 
The Issuer’s capital structure should provide an adequate capital surplus and thus create the foundation for 
running a sound mortgage-credit business that can sell bonds on competitive terms. Moreover, the capital 
structure should be based on having the largest possible equity given the cost of other capital components, 
including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. The Issuer must also have sufficient surplus to ensure 
continual loan-to-value (LTV) compliance with respect to covered bond (SDO) loans and to meet over collateral 
(OC) requirements from the rating agencies and also requirements concerning the accumulation of debt buffers. 
The Issuer’s capital structure at 31 December 2020 is shown below: 
DLR’s own funds at 31 December  
2020 
(DKKm) 
2019 
(DKKm) 
Share capital 
570 
570 
Issuance premium 
0 
0 
Non-distributable reserves 
2,338 
2,338 
Retained earnings 
11,200 
10,341 
Profit for the year 
749 
846 
Tier 1 Capital primary deductions: 
-564 
-664 
Tier 1 Capital after primary deductions 
13,618 
12,647 
Additional Tier 1 Capital 
0 
0 
Tier 1 Capital incl. Additional Tier 1 Capital after 
deductions  
13,618 
12,647 
Other deductions 
0 
0 
Tier 1 Capital incl. Additional Tier 1 Capital 
13,618 
12,647 
Tier 2 Capital 
1,300 
1,300 
Included Tier 2 Capital 
1,300 
1,300

--- Page 73 ---
73 
DLR’s own funds at 31 December  
2020 
(DKKm) 
2019 
(DKKm) 
Own funds before deductions 
14,918 
13,947 
Deductions in own funds 
0 
0 
Own funds after deductions 
14,918 
13,947 
Ratings  
The Issuer is rated by the credit rating agency S&P. The credit rating is assigned to the Issuer by S&P at the 
request of the Issuer and with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process. S&P has been established in 
the European Community and is registered pursuant to European Parliament and Council Regulation 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (CRA regulation). 
DLR ratings 
S&P 
Issuer Credit Rating 
A-/Stable/A-2 
A rating of a security may at any time be revised, suspended, reduced or withdrawn by the assigning credit 
rating agency. Further, the Issuer may terminate the relationship with the credit rating agency. 
Risk management 
As a mortgage credit bank, the Issuer is exposed to various types of risk, such as credit risk, market risk, liquidity 
risk and operational risk, etc., of which credit risk is the most significant. However, the Issuer’s risk of loss is 
contained by the Issuer’s relatively simple business model and fully match-funded lending operations, guarantee 
and loss-mitigating concepts, limited market risk, etc. 
The Issuer has elected to operate with capital resources that exceed the regulatory minimum requirement. The 
Issuer’s capital resources combined with its annual profit, which constitute a front-line buffer against loss, 
should therefore be able to absorb losses on a substantial scale.  
Risk management is a key feature of the Issuer’s day-to-day operations. Like other mortgage banks, the Issuer 
is subject to the Danish Mortgage Credit Loans and Mortgage Credit Bonds, etc. Act, the Danish Financial 
Business Act, the Executive Order on Bonds and other Executive Orders issued pursuant to the above 
legislation. 
The Issuer applies the specific balance principle as defined in Executive Order on Bonds to its lending activities. 
Applying the principle means there is a full funding match between the interest and principal payments received 
by the Issuer from borrowers and the Issuer’s payments to bondholders. 
In reality, the balance principle means the Issuer’s credit business does not assume interest rate, exchange rate 
or liquidity risk – including prepayment risk. The Issuer’s main risk is credit risk, i.e. the risk that a borrower 
is unable to repay a loan. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for monitoring and mitigating the risk incurred by the 
Issuer. Based on the Issuer’s business model and risk assessments, etc. the Board of Directors has determined 
policies and guidelines and hence limits for the risk that the Issuer may assume. Delegation of responsibility 
throughout the organisation is based on these policies, guidelines and limits. 
The Board of Directors is regularly updated on and addresses general risk issues at Board meetings and on an 
ad hoc basis as the situation requires. Furthermore, a comprehensive assessment of the Issuer’s risk situation is 
prepared and presented at least annually to the Board of Directors, who determines whether risk levels are 
acceptable. The Issuer’s Executive Board is regularly updated at meetings or in writing about the Issuer’s risk

--- Page 74 ---
74 
profile and is also involved in the ongoing monitoring and management of risks more general or principle in 
nature within individual risk areas.  
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has also established a Risk Committee and an Audit Committee to address risk 
issues. The Audit Committee is tasked with reviewing accounting, auditing and security practices and 
monitoring the Issuer’s internal control and risk management systems. The Risk Committee’s duties include 
advising the Board of Directors on the Issuer’s overall current and future risk profile and strategy and helping 
the Board of Directors ensure its risk strategy is implemented. The Risk Committee also undertakes preparatory 
work on key materials associated with, for example, risk assessments and with determining the Issuer’s adequate 
own funds and solvency requirement prior to the Board of Directors undertaking its deliberations. 
Credit risk 
As a mortgage bank, the Issuer only grants loans against a registered mortgage on real property subject to 
statutory limits on loan-to-value (LTV), etc. This activity means that credit risk, arising from the risk of loss 
due to a borrower defaulting on payment obligations to the Issuer, constitutes the most significant share of the 
Issuer’s aggregate risk. 
Due to the chosen business model, the Issuer’s credit risk is limited to and concentrated around agriculture, etc., 
together with commercial properties (office and retail properties, private residential rental properties, 
manufacturing and workshop properties, and community power plants) and cooperative housing properties, and 
– to a limited extent – owner-occupied dwellings in the form of residential farms and also properties on 
Greenland and the Faroe Islands. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has determined the Issuer’s credit policies and guidelines for the granting of 
credit – including limits for the Executive Board’s lending authorities – in order to achieve the desired level of 
risk. Within the set limits, internal business procedures and instructions further delegate lending authorities to 
the various sections/persons in the Issuer’s organisation. 
To identify credit risk, a detailed assessment is made of the mortgageable property and the borrower’s finances. 
The starting point for assessing the mortgageable property is determining its market value. This is done by the 
Issuer’s own valuation experts, who have significant local knowledge. The condition and marketability of the 
property, etc. are also taken into account in the valuation. 
Assessing the customer’s finances normally involves several years of financial statements. The assessment 
process takes into account both general economic factors and individual factors that may affect the loan 
applicant’s score. Budgets are important in connection with purchases and substantial investments, including 
whether a reasonable financial balance can be achieved based on realistic expectations. 
Credit scoring models are used for certain customer segments. Whether additional or more detailed information 
about the borrower is required varies from case to case and depends on the borrower’s financial circumstances. 
The more complex and risky the case, the more detailed the investigations to ensure an adequate basis for 
decision-making. the Issuer’s organisational set-up ensures a separation of functions between the property 
valuation and the credit assessment. 
As well as cover in the mortgaged property and a detailed credit assessment, the Issuer has further reduced its 
credit risk on individual loans and its risk at portfolio level via various guarantee scheme provided by the 
Issuer’s loan-distributing banks (the Issuer’s shareholders). 
At year-end 98 per cent of the Issuer’s loan portfolio was covered by guarantee schemes, including a minor 
share of the portfolio amounting to around DKK  0.1bn covered by a government guarantee. The bulk of the 
exposures not covered by guarantees generally have a low loan-to-value (LTV) value.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
1. Risk cover – 6 per cent guarantee provision (Universal guarantee concept) 
The loan-distributing bank generally provides an individual guarantee on disbursement that covers the 
individual loan for its entire term and covers the least secure part of the loan. The guarantee covers the outermost 
6 per cent of the loan’s outstanding debt. In some cases, for example when certain loans that have an extended 
business guarantee are remortgaged, the Issuer will require a supplementary guarantee to be posted; cf. below. 
The guarantee is reduced proportionally as the loan is paid down. 
2. Risk cover – Loss off-set scheme 
The Issuer’s universal guarantee concept also encompasses an additional loss off-setting scheme in the 
commission payments made to the bank where each bank offsets all losses incurred by the Issuer beyond that 
covered by the 6 per cent guarantee provided at the loan level. Only losses on loans distributed by the particular 
bank are off-set in commission payments. Losses can be off-set in commissions for up to 10 years. 
3. Risk cover – Portfolio guarantee 
If losses to be offset exceed the current year’s and the following nine years’ commissions, the Issuer can demand 
that such losses be covered by drawing on the portfolio guarantee based on the 6 per cent guarantee provision 
on individual loans. 
At year-end DKK 132bn, or 80 per cent, of the Issuer’s loan portfolio was covered by the universal guarantee 
concept. 
Loans granted up to 31 December 2014 
Until 2014 the Issuer’s portfolio was covered by two different guarantee concepts that remain active but which 
will be reduced as the loans are redeemed or paid down, etc. 
For loans on commercial property, in other words, private residential rental property, private cooperative 
housing, office and retail property plus manufacturing and workshop property, the loan-distributing banks have 
previously provided an individual loan-loss guarantee covering the outermost and most risky part of the loan. 
The guarantee covered as a minimum that part of the loan that exceeded 60 per cent of the value of residential 
rental housing and cooperative housing property without a municipal guarantee plus that part of the loan that 
exceeded 35 per cent of the value of office and retail property. 
For manufacturing and workshop property/other property and loans issued on the Faroe Islands and Greenland, 
more comprehensive guarantees were required. The guarantee amount is reduced proportionally as principal 
payments are made and the guarantee period generally runs for up to 16 years (potentially longer for loans with 
interest-only payments). 
Loan-loss agreements in the commercial area for loans offered up until the end of 2014 comprise at year-end a 
portfolio of DKK 10.8bn. 
Loans on the Faroe Islands and Greenland are not covered by the universal guarantee concept and therefore still 
require more comprehensive guarantees. 
Loans on agricultural and market garden property granted prior to 2015 were also covered by a guarantee 
agreement between the Issuer and its partner banks under the “cooperative agreement” (the “Cooperative 
Agreement”). This is a collective guarantee scheme for loans granted under the cooperative agreement between 
the Issuer and the loan-distributing banks that is invoked if the Issuer’s aggregate losses on agricultural loans 
provided by distributing banks exceed a pre-determined amount (the Issuer’s excess) within a single calendar 
year. The excess is defined as 1.5 times the unweighted average of the losses in the preceding five years, though 
not less than 0.25 per cent of the loan portfolio covered by the agreement. The agreement covered around DKK

--- Page 76 ---
76 
17.6bn of the loan portfolio at year-end 2020. Hence, the Issuer could potentially have to bear losses of up to 
approximately DKK  44m (the Issuer’s excess) in 2021 (0.25 per cent of DKK 17.6bn). 
Each bank’s share of the guarantee is proportional to the share of loans it has distributed on behalf of the Issuer, 
with the banks’ total loss limit potentially up to DKK 220m (5 x the Issuer’s excess) in 2020. Losses above the 
Issuer’s excess and the banks’ total loss limit are borne solely by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Cooperative Agreement allows the Issuer to offset losses in commission payments to 
individual banks if loans granted for agricultural or horticultural properties via the bank result in a loss for the 
Issuer. Losses that cannot be fully offset in commissions for a single year are carried forward and offset in 
commissions for the following up to nine years. 
Finally, loans for public housing construction are generally partly guaranteed by the Danish government or 
Danish municipalities. 
Given both the previous guarantee schemes and the ongoing implementation of the universal guarantee concept, 
the Issuer’s risk of loss in the above-mentioned lending areas may be characterised as manageable and limited. 
Credit risk models 
The Danish FSA has approved the Issuer’s transition to the advanced IRB approach for its full-time agriculture 
portfolio as from Q1 2016.  
Advanced models that can be applied to a significant share of the commercial property portfolio are currently 
under development. 
The Issuer’s IRB models are based on a statistical approach augmented with ‘expert’ mathematical corrections. 
Furthermore, a macroeconomic stress model based on the various rating models has also been developed. 
The credit risk models cover the full-time agriculture loan portfolio, which accounts for around half of the 
Issuer’s total lending. The agriculture portfolio is divided into retail (residential, hobby and part-time farms), 
market garden and full-time farms. Categorisation as full-time farm assumes, among other things, that one or 
more of the following criteria are met: (i) total agricultural holding of more than 40 ha; (ii) total livestock value 
of more than DKK 0.2m; (3) production type fish farming; or (iv) exposure of more than DKK 2.5m. 
The models the Issuer uses to estimate portfolio risk (behavioural score) comprise PD (Probability of Default) 
and LGD (Loss Given Default). The same structure is involved in a loan application situation, though additional 
components relevant to the application situation are also included. These factors are combined with the current 
exposure to calculate risk exposure. A high PD reflects a high risk on a customer, whereas a low PD reflects a 
low risk on a customer. 
LGD indicates the Issuer’s financial loss relative to exposure when a customer defaults. The model is based on 
the Issuer’s experience of impairments and distressed properties. 
The Issuer regularly monitors portfolio ratings, as credit scores are re-calculated every month. Both the Board 
of Directors and the Executive Board receive periodical reports on the rating systems and portfolio 
developments. 
The Board of Directors and the Executive Board have to approve any significant changes deemed necessary to 
the rating systems before they are presented to the Danish FSA for approval. The Board of Directors receives a 
semi-annual, abridged and annotated validation report that shows how all the models have performed. 
Executive Secretariat & Risk prepares all validation reports, while Model Development develops the models. 
Both departments report to the Executive Board and are independent of the rest of the organisation.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Liquidity risk 
The risk of loss due to current liquid assets being insufficient to cover current payment obligations is limited 
for the Issuer. This is because the Issuer adheres to the specific balance principle whereby loan payments match 
the payments on issued bonds (match funding). Hence, there is a 1:1 correlation between the loan granted to 
the borrower and the bonds issued by the Issuer to fund the loan. 
There are many advantages to this model, which ensures a funding match in terms of maturity, interest rate, 
currency and loan repayment. Hence, payments received by the Issuer from borrowers less an administration 
margin to the Issuer (risk and administration fee) perfectly match the amounts the Issuer has to pay bondholders. 
In general, the balance principle means the Issuer essentially only assumes a credit risk in connection with its 
lending activities. 
As the individual borrower’s dates for making interest and principal payments are pre-determined, the Issuer 
will – assuming due payment – receive the funds prior to or no later than concurrently with the equivalent 
payments falling due to bondholders. A mismatch will only occur when the frequency of the borrower’s 
payments is higher than the Issuer’s payments on the underlying bonds (for example, ARM loans). For the 
Issuer, this will result in a regular liquidity surplus (prepaid funds). 
Loan prepayments (immediate redemptions) also give the Issuer additional liquidity, which is then invested 
until the amount has to be paid out to bondholders as extraordinary drawings. Like the liquidity from immediate 
redemptions, excess liquidity from prepaid funds is placed in secure, liquid bonds or as term deposits with 
banks and ring-fenced from the rest of the securities portfolio. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has determined that liquid funds must be placed in financial institutions that 
are subject to Danish law. The maximum deposit at any one bank may be 25 per cent of the Issuer’s capital 
base, cf. Article 395 of the CRR, though deposits must not exceed 35 per cent of the bank’s eligible capital. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk reflects the risk of loss resulting from unsuitable or deficient internal procedures, human error 
or actions, system errors, or from external events. Legal risk and model risk are also operational risks. 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors has therefore set policies and guidelines for operational risk and insurance 
coverage with the aim of reducing the Issuer’s risk as much as possible. 
IT constitutes a key operational risk area. The Issuer’s management therefore regularly addresses IT security, 
including contingency planning and emergency plans, etc. 
The Issuer constantly strives to minimise operational risk by, for example, establishing control procedures, 
authorisations, emergency procedures, back-ups, business procedures, automatic updates, contingency plans, 
etc. The Issuer’s Compliance function also helps minimise operational risk. Moreover, various process 
descriptions have been produced to provide instructions for pertinent procedures and to define an area’s 
allocated responsibilities. These measures help ensure the Issuer complies with both external and internal 
requirements.  
The Issuer also registers losses or potential losses attributable to operational risk. The Issuer’s Executive Board 
is regularly updated on operational incidents, while the Issuer’s Risk Committee is updated quarterly. The 
Issuer’s Board of Directors is regularly updated on operational events that exceed a pre-determined limit and at 
least annually on all operational incidents that have occurred. 
As the Issuer is considered a relatively “simple” business with few products and business areas, the Issuer’s 
operational risk is estimated to be limited overall.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Board of Directors, Executive Board and other bodies  
Board of Directors 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing director and CEO of Sparekassen Vendsyssel 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Egnsinvest Holding A/S and two subsidiaries 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of HN Invest Tyskland 1 A/S 
Director of SDC A/S 
Director of the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-Operative Savings Banks in Denmark 
(Lokale Pengeinstitutter) 
Director of the Trust Corporation for the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-Operative Savings 
Banks in Denmark (Forvaltningsinstituttet for Lokale Pengeinstitutter) 
Lars Møller (Deputy Chairman), Managing director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of BI Holding A/S (Bankinvest Group) 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of BI Asset Management Fondsmæglerselskab A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of BI Management A/S 
Director of Aktieselskabet Skelagervej 15 
Director of Sparekassen Nordjyllands Fond af 29. marts 1976 
Claus Andersen, Managing director of Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sæbygaard Skov A/S 
Director of the Association of Local Banks, Savings Banks and Co-Operative Savings Banks in Denmark 
(Lokale Pengeinstitutter) 
Frank Mortensen, Managing Director and CFO of A/S Arbejdernes Landsbank 
Bjarne Larsen, Deputy Group Chief Executive of Sydbank A/S 
Director of Ejendomsselskabet af 1. juni 1986 A/S 
Director and Deputy Chairman of Syd Administration A/S 
Lars Petersson, Managing director and CEO of Sparekassen Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Holbæk Kommunes Talentråd 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Museum Vestsjælland 
Chairman of the Bord of Directors of Impagt Invest Sjælland A/S 
Director of nærpension forsikringsformidling A/S 
Director of Ejendomsselskabet Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Director of Investeringsselskabet Sjælland-Fyn A/S 
Director of BI Holding A/S (Bankinvest Group) 
Director of Copenhagen FinTech

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Director of Regional Invest Fyn A/S 
Director of Poulsgade A/S 
Randi Holm Franke, Head of Business Development and Communication 
Staff-elected director of DLR Kredit A/S 
Jakob G. Hald, Chief Agricultural Client Manager 
Staff-elected director of DKR Kredit A/S 
Lars Faber, IT Operations Manager 
Staff-elected director of DLR Kredit A/S 
The business address of all the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 21 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel +45 70 10 00 00 
 
Executive Board 
Jens Kr. A. Møller, Managing Director and CEO 
Director of Finance Denmark and the Association of Danish Mortgage Banks 
Director of e-nettet A/S 
Director of SEGES’ Sector Board for Business Finance & Management 
Director of FR I af 16. september 2015 A/S  
Pernille Lohmann, Managing Director 
Director of the Association of Danish Mortgage Banks  
  
The business address of the Executive Board is: 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 21 
DK -1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel +45 70 10 00 00 
 
There are no potential conflicting interests between the Issuer Board of Directors and Executive Board, between 
the obligations of the members of the Issuer Board of Directors and Executive Board vis-à-vis the Issuer, and 
their private interests and/or other obligations.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Audit Committee 
Claus Andersen (Chairman), Managing Director and CEO of Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S 
Bjarne Larsen, Deputy Group Chief Executive of Sydbank A/S 
Randi Holm Franke, Head of Business Development and Communication 
Risk Committee 
Lars Møller (Chairman), Managing Director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Vagn Hansen, Managing Director and CEO of Sparekassen Vendsyssel 
Jakob G. Hald, Chief Agricultural Client Manager 
Nomination Committee 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing Director and CEO of Sparekassen Vendsyssel 
Lars Møller (Deputy Chairman), Managing Director of Sparekassen Vendsyssel 
All other members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors 
Remuneration Committee 
Vagn Hansen (Chairman), Managing Director and CEO of Sparekassen Vendsyssel 
Lars Møller (Deputy Chairman), Managing Director of Spar Nord Bank A/S 
Jakob G. Hald, Chief Agricultural Client Manager 
Board Practices  
A series of committees have been established under the Issuer’s Board of Directors. These are the:  
• 
Audit Committee; 
• 
Nomination Committee; 
• 
Remuneration Committee; and 
• 
Risk Committee.  
Committee members are drawn from the Issuer’s Board of Directors.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
TAXATION 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the tax consequences in the light of their particular situations. No representations with respect to 
the tax consequences of any particular Noteholder are made hereby. 
Kingdom of Denmark  
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force at the date hereof and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or 
dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential 
investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the 
individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The Issuer makes no 
representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest or 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in Consolidated Act no. 1084 of 26 June 2020, as amended. This will 
not have any impact on Noteholders who are not in a relationship whereby they control, or are controlled by, 
the Issuer or where the Noteholders and the Issuer is not controlled by the same group of persons. 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment 
in Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Consolidated Act no. 1283 
of 25 October 2016 (as amended) on taxation of debt, debt claims and financial contracts (in Danish 
“Kursgevinstloven”) (the “Act”). Gains and losses on Notes issued to corporate entities are generally included 
in the taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”), i.e. on an 
unrealised basis. Gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally included in the taxable income 
on a realised basis and if the annual gains or losses do not exceed DKK 2,000, the gains or losses will be exempt 
from taxation. 
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section 29(3) 
of the Act will be taxable on an annual basis in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish 
“lagerprincippet”) as further specified in the Act. 
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of capital 
gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in question. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish act on taxation of pension yield (in Danish 
“Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven”) would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value increase or 
decrease of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”) as specifically laid 
down in the act.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholders are 
not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in 
relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus, no Danish withholding tax will be 
payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or included 
in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent establishment. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “Participating Member State”). However Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional European Union Member States may decide to 
participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Placing and underwriting 
The Issuer has not entered into any dealer or underwriting agreement under which a third party undertakes to 
place Notes. In connection with an offer and placement of Notes through one or more Dealers, including where 
Notes are to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers, 
the Issuer may enter into a subscription agreement with the relevant Dealer(s) concerning that offer of Notes (a 
“Subscription Agreement”). If entered into, such Subscription Agreement is expected to provide that the Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. 
If entered into, the Subscription Agreement will provide that the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a 
commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer may agree in the 
Subscription Agreement to reimburse the Dealers for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
offer of the Notes. 
The Issuer may agree in the Subscription Agreement to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. If entered into, the Subscription Agreement is expected to entitle 
the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement, 
it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold 
or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, then in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant 
State: 
(i) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes, which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable” in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer will also be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(ii) in relation to any Notes issued by the Issuer, it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale 
of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(iii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Kingdom of Denmark  
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or 
deliver any of the Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless 
in compliance with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Act on Capital Markets and Executive

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order no. 2092 of 14 December 2020 (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (as defined under 
Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident in Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any relevant Final Terms in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer is expected to agree in the Subscription Agreement that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
relevant Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or have in their possession or distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in each case at their own expense.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Final Terms 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
[Prohibition of sales to United Kingdom retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2018 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/54/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors as “Not Applicable”]]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. [Include unless the Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" 
as “Not Applicable”]] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is defined 
in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] [does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union and the United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).][Include if amounts 
payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to a benchmark]] 
Final Terms dated [●] 20[●]  
DLR Kredit A/S 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
DKK 5,000,000,000 Senior Non-Preferred Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] 20[●] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] 20[●][ and [●] 20[●]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority’s 
website at www.finanstilsynet.dk (the "Danish FSA"). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue of Notes which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [original date][together with any supplements which amend the Conditions], which are 
incorporated in the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Current Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of

--- Page 89 ---
89 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)/the Prospectus Regulation]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus, including the Conditions which are incorporated 
by reference in the Current Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Current Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the Danish FSA’s website at 
www.finanstilsynet.dk. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be 
given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
 [(i)] 
Series Number:  
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with the [insert amount, interest rate, 
maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
2 
 Specified Currency: 
 
[●] 
3 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
 
[●]] 
4 
 Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
 (i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●]  
[All trades in Notes as well as the initial subscription shall 
be in a minimum amount of [currency][amount]. A 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than [currency][amount] in its 
account with the relevant clearing system will not be able 
to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess 
of [currency][amount] such that its holding amounts to 
[currency][amount] or above.] 
(N.B Either (i) all trades in Notes as well as the initial 
subscription for Notes shall be in a minimum amount of 
€100,000 or (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount as of the relevant date of issue in such 
other currency.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
6 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
 Maturity Date: 
 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
8 
 Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[●] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9 
 Redemption Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount] 
10 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Not Applicable/cross refer to paragraph [14] if details 
are included there] 
11 
 Call Option: 
 
[Call Option/Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [15] below)] 
12 
 [Date [Board of Directors] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board of Directors (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)] 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] [and [●]] in each year, commencing on [●], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount: 
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable]  
14 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate:  
 
[[●] month] [EURIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR/ STIBOR] 
(N.B. The Reference Rate shall be any one of EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Definition: 
 
[●]/[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated 
Maturity:  
 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
 
[●] per cent per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xvii) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15 
 Call Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):  
 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
a) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
b) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
 
Minimum period: [15]/[●] days 
Maximum period: [30]/[●] days 
16 
 Final Redemption Amount 
 
[●]/[The Outstanding Principal Amount] 
17 
 Early Redemption Amount  
 
[●]/[The Final Redemption Amount] 
18 
 Redemption for Eligibility Event 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19 
 Substitution and variation  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20 
 Form of Notes:  
 
Uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
through [[VP]/[●]].  
21 
 Financial centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraph 14(vi) relates)

--- Page 93 ---
93 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of DLR Kredit A/S: 
By:  ..................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
94 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect from [●].]/ 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S’ regulated market with effect 
from, or from around, [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), 
although notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided.] 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity(ies) providing rating] [is/are] not established in the 
[EU/United Kingdom] and [is/are] not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating[s] [it has/they have] given to 
the Notes [is/are] not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the [EU/United Kingdom] and registered 
under the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
providers] 
3 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/ 
offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the statement below)

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
“Save for any fees payable to [●] (the “[Managers/Dealers]”), so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)  
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 (i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details) 
 (ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
5 
 [YIELD 
(Include for Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]] 
6 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
 
[CFI:] 
 
[[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
[FISN:] 
 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”)] 
 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
 
Securities depository  
 
[VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, DK-2300 
Copenhagen S, Denmark (“VP”)/[●]] 
 
 
 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the registers maintained by VP for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of the Notes.] 
7 
 DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) U.S. Selling Restriction: 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(vii) Prohibition of sales to EEA and 
United Kingdom Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom of Denmark 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The current update of the Programme was 
authorised by a special authority of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 23 October 2020. The relevant 
Final Terms will, if required for the issuance of the particular tranche of Notes, specify the date for 
approval for the relevant issuance of the particular tranche of Notes.  
(2) The relevant Final Terms will specify whether the Issuer has made application for the relevant Tranche of 
Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. The Final Terms will specify the estimate of total 
expenses related to the trading on the regulated market for the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
(3) The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(4) There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of the Issuer’s last 
published audited financial statements, and there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance of the Issuer since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has 
been published. There has been no significant change in the financial position including the solvency of 
the Issuer which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial 
information or interim financial information have been published. 
(5) Profit expectations or forecasts for the Issuer have not been included in this Base Prospectus due to the 
fact that such expectations or forecasts are not considered material to the listing of the Notes. 
(6) No material contracts have been entered into other than in the ordinary course of its business which could 
result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet 
its obligations to holders of the Notes. 
(7) No information stated in the Base Prospectus originates from third parties, and the Base Prospectus does 
not include expert statements or reports. 
(8) Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared through 
VP. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”), Financial Instrument 
Short Name (“FISN”), Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI”) (as applicable) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Tranche and Series 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or in 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
The address of VP is Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark. The 
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or supplement as 
applicable. 
(9) The method of, and deadline for, payment and delivery of the Notes may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the investors in the Notes. Legal title to the Notes will exclusively be evidenced by book entries in 
the register of VP Securities A/S. The Notes will not be exchangeable for physical notes. Registration and 
settlement of transactions in respect of the Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of VP Securities A/S.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(10) A bridge currently exists between VP and each of Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and 
Euroclear Bank, SA / NV (“Euroclear”, and together with Clearstream and VP Securities A/S and referred 
to as the “Securities Depositories” and each referred to as a “Securities Depository”). Holders of 
accounts with Clearstream and/or Euroclear will be able to purchase Notes without holding an account 
with VP. Holders of accounts with any Securities Depository will be able to transfer Notes to account 
holders with any other Securities Depository in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of the relevant Securities Depository. 
(11) In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield will be calculated at the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
on the basis of the issue price. It will not be an indication of future yield. 
(12) The issue price and the amount of the Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant Final Terms, 
of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. 
(13) For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents can be 
viewed online at the Issuer’s website: www.dlr.dk: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (https://dlr.dk/en/investor/about-dlr/); 
(ii) 
the 
Annual 
Reports 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Interim 
Report 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/financial-statements/); 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published 
unaudited 
interim 
financial 
statements 
(if 
any) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/financial-statements/); 
(iv) 
each relevant Final Terms (https://dlr.dk/en/investor/bond-issuance/senior-debt/); and 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus 
(https://dlr.dk/en/investor/bond-issuance/senior-debt/). 
For as long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, a physical copy of the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Issuer will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturday and 
public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer in Denmark.  
Information contained in the above documents, other than information listed in the table on pages 36-37 
in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, is for information purposes only and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is published on the website of Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S 
(http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com). 
(14) 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab, Weidekampsgade 6, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, 
represented by Danish State-Authorised Public accountants Henrik Wellejus (Identification No. (MNE) 
mne24807) and Brian Schmit Jensen (Identification No. (MNE) mne40050)  have audited the Issuer’s 
financial statements for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, 
without qualification, in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and in 
accordance with the Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the European Union pursuant to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as well as Danish information requirements for issuers of listed bonds. 
Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab, Dirch Passers Allé 36, DK-2000 Frederiksberg, 
represented by Danish State Authorised Public accountants Lars Rhod Søndergaard Identification No. 
(MNE) mne28632) and Thomas Hjortkjær Petersen (Identification No. (MNE) mne33748) will audit the 
Issuer's Financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2021 in accordance with 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and in accordance with the Financial Reporting 
Standards as approved by the European Union pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as well as

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Danish information requirements for issuers of listed bonds. The Issuer’s current and former external 
auditors are members of the Danish Auditors Association (FSR). 
(15) This Base Prospectus does not refer to audited information other than that contained in the Annual Reports 
of the Issuer. As the Issuer publishes an audited annual report every February, the most recently audited 
financial information will never be more than fourteen months old. 
(16) Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(17) The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
(18) In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are inactive textual references and are included for 
information purposes only. The contents of any such website shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Danish FSA.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 21 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Tel: +45 70 10 00 90 
 
ISSUING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
DLR Kredit A/S 
Nyropsgade 21 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab 
Dirch Passers Allé 36 
DK-2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Kromann Reumert 
Sundkrogsgade 5 
DK-2100 Copenhagen OE 
Denmark