--- Page 1 ---
11/67312202_22 
i 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DNB BANK ASA 
 
(incorporated in Norway) 
€45,000,000,000 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (as supplemented and amended from time to time) (the 
"Programme"), DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes ("Notes") denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or 
after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis ("Senior Preferred Notes"); (ii) on a non-
preferred basis as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"); or (iii) on a 
subordinated basis as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein ("Subordinated Notes"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or uncertificated book-entry form 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", 
respectively). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€45,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). A description of the restrictions applicable 
at the date of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") relating to the maturity of certain Notes is set out in "Overview of the 
Programme – Maturities". 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme – 
Dealers" below and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the 
"relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme. This Base 
Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Bank nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below) and Swiss Domestic Notes) within the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official 
List") and trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
In addition, application will be made to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (the "SIX Swiss Exchange") 
pursuant to article 54 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"). Upon specific request, Notes issued under the 
Programme may be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended 
to be (i) admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and are intended to be listed on the Official List or (ii)

--- Page 2 ---
11/67312202_22 
ii 
admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange or (iii) (in the case of VPS Notes) admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Oslo Stock Exchange, as the case may 
be. The applicable pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") in respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will specify 
whether or not such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on any non-EEA stock exchanges and/or markets, if 
applicable. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of Notes will be set forth in a Final Terms document ("Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing 
Supplement. Each Final Terms, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin. Each Pricing Supplement, with respect to Notes to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, will be delivered to 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue Notes which are 
not listed or admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes (including 
Swiss Domestic Notes) for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank 
has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes and the Central Bank 
assumes no responsibility in relation to issues of Exempt Notes. 
DNB Bank ASA is both the Issuer and acting as a Dealer under the Programme. Consequently, the Issuer is a "related 
issuer" of DNB Bank ASA within the meaning of the Canadian National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts in 
connection with the distribution of the Notes in relation to which it is acting as a Dealer. The determination of the terms 
of the distribution will be negotiated between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the time of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. 
The Programme has been rated AA- (Senior Preferred Notes), A (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), A- (Subordinated Notes) and A-
1+ (short-term) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), and (P)Aa2 (Senior Preferred Notes), (P)Baa1 (Subordinated 
Notes) and (P)P-1 (short-term) by Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"). S&P is established in the European Union 
(the "EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and Moody's is 
established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by Moody’s have 
been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland GmbH is 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.. Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche 
(as defined below) of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International  
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
DNB Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 May 2021

--- Page 3 ---
11/67312202_22 
iii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement relating to any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and will 
be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined 
below) for the time being in London. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain information under "Description of the Issuer" has been extracted from publicly available sources 
and references to any such third-party sources of information are included herein. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution nor is any responsibility or liability 
accepted by the Dealers for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. The statements made 
in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable

--- Page 4 ---
11/67312202_22 
iv 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Norway, Singapore, Canada and 
Japan (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Any offer of Notes in the UK must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer 
of Notes in the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for 
any offer of Notes. 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note in bearer form (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") which will (i) if the global 
Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and (ii) if the global Notes 
are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a permanent global Note in bearer form (a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note") or Bearer Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
(other than in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes) either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days' notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined under "Form of the Notes"), 
all as further described in "Form of the Notes" below. In respect of each Tranche of Notes denominated in 
Swiss Francs, the Issuer may deliver a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Swiss Global Note") in 
respect of such Notes ("Swiss Domestic Notes"), which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the 
Tranche with SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") 
or, as the case may be, with any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purpose by the SIX 
Swiss Exchange Ltd (the "SIX Swiss Exchange") (SIS or any such other intermediary, the 
"Intermediary"). Subject to certain exceptions, Bearer Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder). See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that Notes other than Exempt Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes have not been, and 
will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, "U.S. persons" (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in 
accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of each 
Tranche of such Series sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
will be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a "Reg. S 
Global Note"), which will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a

--- Page 5 ---
11/67312202_22 
v 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in 
the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. Prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
each Tranche of Notes (the "Distribution Compliance Period"), beneficial interests in the Reg. S Global 
Note may not be offered or sold to persons located in the United States, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person except in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation 
S, or pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series sold in private transactions to qualified institutional buyers 
("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented by a restricted 
permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a "Restricted Global Note", and, 
together with a Reg. S Global Note, "Registered Global Notes"), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. The Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series sold to 
"accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) and (7) under the Securities Act) which are 
institutions ("Institutional Accredited Investors") will be in definitive form, registered in the name of the 
holder thereof. Registered Notes in definitive form will, at the request of the holder, be issued in exchange 
for interests in the Registered Global Notes upon compliance with the procedures for exchange as described 
in "Form of the Notes". 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book-entry form, as more fully described under 
"Form of the Notes" below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes entries may be made 
with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the VPS. VPS 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from time to 
time. 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Registered Notes may be offered and sold in the United 
States exclusively to persons reasonably believed by the Dealers to qualify as QIBs (as defined herein) or 
placed privately pursuant to section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act with institutions that are accredited 
investors as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. Each U.S. 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may 
be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the 
resales of Registered Notes, the Issuer is required to furnish, upon request of a holder or beneficial owner 
of a Registered Note and a prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Registered Notes are 
not transferable to other holders within the United States or to U.S. persons except upon satisfaction of 
certain conditions as described under "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been recommended by or approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other federal or state securities commission in the United States 
nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United 
States. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold 
except as permitted under applicable federal or state securities laws pursuant to a registration statement or 
an exemption from registration. Investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making

--- Page 6 ---
11/67312202_22 
vi 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) includes a legend titled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will include a legend titled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) may (if applicable) include a legend titled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment 
in Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other 
investment firm in the DNB Group (as defined below), an investment in Notes carries risks which are very 
different from the risk profile of such a deposit. Notes are expected to have greater liquidity than a bank 
deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, Notes may have no established trading 
market when issued, and one may never develop. 
Notes are unsecured and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, are subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing 
measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or 
defaults on its obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment.

--- Page 7 ---
11/67312202_22 
vii 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June, 2016, 
as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current 
expectations with respect to future events, financial and operating performance and future market 
conditions. Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "aim", "project", "expect", "intend", "predict", 
"target", "may", "might", "assume", "could", "will" and "should" or other variations or comparable 
terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear in a 
number of places in this Base Prospectus including, without limitation, the documents referred to in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference", "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These forward-
looking statements address matters such as: 
• 
the Bank's business strategy and financial targets; 
• 
performance of the financial markets; 
• 
future prospects of the Bank such as growth prospects, cost development under the cost programme 
and future write-downs on loans; and 
• 
future exposure to credit, market, liquidity and other risks. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. While the Bank has prepared these 
forward-looking statements in good faith and on the basis of assumptions it believes to be reasonable, any 
such forward-looking statements are not guarantees or warranties of future performance. The Bank's actual 
financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which it 
operates, may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$ " and "$" refer to United States dollars, those to 
"CHF" refer to Swiss Francs, those to "NOK" refer to Norwegian kroner, those to "Yen" refer to Japanese 
yen, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling and those to "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a "URL") are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. Other than in relation to the documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the 
contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should:

--- Page 8 ---
11/67312202_22 
viii 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend titled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the 
classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on 
the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of 
the SFA. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
11/67312202_22 
ix 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 48 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 50 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 51 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 56 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 72 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. 87 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 89 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 164 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB BANK GROUP .................................................... 165 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................ 177 
MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 187 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS ................................................. 192 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 200 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 202 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 210 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 213

--- Page 10 ---
11/67312202_22 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
In this Base Prospectus, the "Bank" and the "Issuer" refer to DNB Bank ASA, a subsidiary of DNB ASA. 
The "DNB Bank Group" refers to the Bank together with the Bank's subsidiaries. The "DNB Group" refers 
to DNB ASA together with its subsidiaries. Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should 
consider carefully the following risks and uncertainties in addition to the other information presented in 
this Base Prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the DNB Bank Group's business, results 
of operations, financial condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the 
value of the Notes could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties 
described below are those that the DNB Bank Group believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties 
are not the only ones the DNB Bank Group faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known 
to the DNB Bank Group or that the DNB Bank Group currently deems immaterial may also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the DNB Bank 
Group and could negatively affect the price of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the risks set forth and referred to below and the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference 
herein) and should reach their own views and decisions on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in 
light of the investor's personal circumstances. Furthermore, investors should consult their financial, legal 
and tax advisors to carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, it is not an exhaustive list and should be used as guidance 
only. When a risk factor is relevant in more than one category, such risk factor is presented only under the 
category deemed to be the most relevant for such risk factor. 
Risk Factors Related to the Bank and the DNB Group 
A. 
Risks Related to the Macroeconomic Conditions 
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Bank Group. 
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, has already had a significant adverse impact on 
global macroeconomic conditions and financial markets and the economic environments in which the DNB 
Bank Group operates, including in Norway. The number of reported cases of COVID-19 worldwide, as 
well as the number of reported deaths as a consequence of COVID-19 worldwide, significantly exceed 
those observed during the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) epidemic that occurred from 
November 2002 to July 2003. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), during November 2002 
through July 2003, a total of 8,098 people worldwide became sick with SARS that was accompanied by 
either pneumonia or respiratory distress syndrome (probable cases). Of these, 774 died. As of 28 April 
2021, over 148.3 million people worldwide had contracted COVID-19, with over 3.1 million reported 
deaths. (Source: WHO, Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) Dashboard). In March 2020, the WHO 
characterised the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the COVID-
19 pandemic has resulted in significant volatility in financial and commodities markets, global GDP 
contracted for 2020, and it is possible that global GDP may contract in 2021, in response to the economic 
slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. 
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the outbreak of COVID-19 may last or how severe it may 
become, and consequently the full impact that COVID-19 may have on the global economy, the Norwegian 
economy and/or the DNB Bank Group's business, results of operations and/or its prospects. If the outbreak 
of COVID-19 and the measures intended to contain the outbreak continue or are reinstated for a prolonged 
period, global macroeconomic conditions would worsen and the global economy may experience a further 
significant slowdown in its growth rate or a further contraction in global GDP. Due to the negative impact 
of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Norwegian economy, Norges Bank reduced the key policy rate from 1.50 
per cent. in March 2020 to zero in May 2020; the key policy rate has remained at zero since then. In the 
interim second quarter and half year report 2020 prepared by the Bank, management estimated that the 
reduction in interest rates on customer loans and deposits following Norges Bank’s reduction in the key 
policy rate would have a negative effect on the Bank’s net interest income of approximately NOK 5 billion 
annually for the DNB Bank Group, effective from the second quarter of 2020. On 18 March 2021, Norges

--- Page 11 ---
11/67312202_22 
2 
Bank announced that the key policy rate was expected to start increasing from the second half of 2021. 
There can be no assurances that Norges Bank will increase the key policy rate as expected. 
In addition, the DNB Bank Group’s net commissions and fees have been and will continue to be affected 
by lower demand for money transfer and banking services due to lower levels of business and travel activity. 
While net commissions and fees for the three months ended 31 March 2021 increased by NOK 344 million, 
or 23.8 per cent. as compared to the three months ended 31 March 2020, mainly driven by higher income 
from real estate broking and investment banking, net commissions and fees decreased by NOK 352 million 
or 5.3 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, 
mainly driven by lower income from money transfer and banking services as a result of fewer international 
transactions following the COVID-19 pandemic. The levels of net commissions and fees are expected to 
be affected by lower income from money transfers and banking services for so long as the depressed 
economic conditions and limitations on travel and tourism as a result of COVID-19 persist. 
Further, for the year ended 31 December 2020, the DNB Bank Group recognised impairment losses on 
financial instruments of NOK 9,918 million, an increase of NOK 7,727 million from the previous year, 
caused primarily by the impact on the economy, both in Norway and globally, of COVID-19, in 
combination with the effect of the decrease in oil prices in the first half of 2020, as discussed under 
"Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Bank 
Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Bank Group’s business and results of operations and are 
likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur—Oil and Gas Industry". For the three months 
ended 31 March 2021, the DNB Bank Group recognised net reversals of impairment losses on financial 
instruments of NOK 110 million, a decrease of NOK 5,881 million compared to the three months ended 31 
March 2020, mainly due to reversals in the corporate banking industry segments, especially within the 
Shipping segment and the Oil, gas and offshore segment. These net reversals in the Oil, gas and offshore 
segment were partly offset by increased impairment provisions for some stage 3 customers within the Oil, 
gas and offshore segment. Other industry segments experienced increased impairment provisions 
amounting to NOK 193 million in the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
Lastly, the COVID-19 pandemic and corresponding impacts have had and are likely to continue to have an 
effect on various businesses, for example transportation, hospitality and restaurants. A prolonged outbreak 
is likely to negatively affect both the world economy and the Norwegian economy, which will have an 
adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group. In its World Economic Outlook Update, the International Monetary 
Fund ("IMF") notes that although the global economy is projected to grow by 6 per cent. in 2021, due 
largely to progress with vaccination programs and additional government support in certain large 
economies, future developments will depend on the path of the pandemic and the global response, including 
whether new variants of COVID-19 prove resistant to vaccines; governmental actions to mitigate economic 
damage; as well as the capacity of the global economy to adapt. (Source: The World Economic Outlook, 
Managing Divergent Recoveries, April 2021, The IMF, 23 March 2021). Furthermore, as customers in 
certain segments, such as personal customers, have shown initial signs of recovery from the adverse effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, other segments, such as oil, gas and offshore, continue to experience adverse 
effects, which may in turn continue to adversely affect the DNB Bank Group’s results of operations even 
as other segments recover. 
Volatility in global financial and commodities markets may also remain elevated as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic. This volatility, if it continues, could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s 
customers and on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Given the 
ongoing and dynamic nature of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the government measures 
implemented to counter or limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, it is not possible at this time accurately 
to assess the ultimate impact of the outbreak for the world economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the 
DNB Bank Group. High levels of volatility have in the past had adverse effects on consumer confidence 
and consumption levels, both in industrial and retail segments in the countries in which the DNB Bank 
Group operates, and continuing volatility may have further adverse effects on such measures as the COVID-
19 pandemic develops, in particular if further waves of infection occur. 
Measures implemented by governmental authorities in numerous jurisdictions, including Norway, to 
contain the outbreak of COVID-19, such as school and university closings, business closings, travel and 
commuting restrictions, border closings and controls and quarantines, bans on public gatherings, social 
distancing and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement and gathering of people, have had 
in 2020 and 2021, and are expected to continue to have, a material and adverse impact on the level of 
economic activity in Norway and in the other countries in which the DNB Bank Group operates. The

--- Page 12 ---
11/67312202_22 
3 
restrictions are implemented by the governments of individual jurisdictions (including through the adoption 
of emergency powers) and impacts (including the timing of implementation, any subsequent lifting of 
restrictions and tightening of restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The outbreak and the 
restrictions implemented to contain the outbreak have impacted (notably in the second quarter of 2020) and 
will continue to impact the DNB Bank Group's operations in a number of ways, such as: (i) volatility in the 
financial markets in which it operates, (ii) volatility in oil and gas prices, (iii) affecting the operations of 
the DNB Bank Group's counterparties, who may as a result default on their obligations due to the DNB 
Group (such as repayments) and (iv) affect the DNB Bank Group's ability to conduct its business. As a 
result of the foregoing factors, the outbreak of COVID-19, further mutations of the COVID-19 virus and/or 
outbreaks of any other contagious diseases may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's 
business, loan portfolio, financial condition (including capital and liquidity), results of operations and 
prospects. 
Continuing or increased turbulence in credit or other markets could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Bank Group’s ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Bank 
Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Bank Group's business and results of operations and are 
likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur. 
The DNB Bank Group’s business activities are dependent on the level of banking and financial services 
required by its customers. In particular, borrowing levels are heavily dependent on customer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economy, and market interest rates. The DNB Bank Group’s 
performance is significantly influenced by general economic conditions in Norway and, to a lesser extent, 
the other countries in which it operates, as well as general global economic conditions as they may affect 
particular sectors of the economy that are important to the DNB Bank Group’s business, such as the offshore 
oil and gas sector, shipping and real estate. As the DNB Bank Group currently conducts the majority of its 
business in Norway, its performance is significantly influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business 
activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic factors (for 
example, fluctuations in the price of oil and gas), the COVID-19 pandemic (as discussed under "—The 
consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and may 
continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Bank Group." above), and political events, including trade 
policy disagreements, for example, between the United States and China, which have a negative impact on 
the global financial markets. 
Mainland GDP in Norway declined by an estimated 3.1 per cent. in 2020 (Source: Norges Bank, 18 March 
2021). Estimated GDP for 2021 and the coming years is uncertain, particularly due to the outbreak of 
COVID-19 and the volatility in oil prices. Recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest growth of 3.8 per 
cent. in 2021, growth of 3.4 per cent. in 2022 and  growth of 1.1 per cent. in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 
18 March 2021). 
Oil and gas industry 
In particular, the state of the Norwegian economy depends on the performance of the oil and gas industry. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent significant decrease in demand for oil, coupled with the 
decision of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") to remove all limits on oil 
production in March 2020, caused a sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 2020. Although crude oil 
prices increased towards the end of 2020, including as a reaction to subsequent OPEC decisions to limit oil 
production, there can be no assurance that prices will not decrease further or remain volatile, particularly 
due to uncertainty surrounding production output levels and due to lower demand. As a result, the level of 
oil investments is highly uncertain, thereby directly impacting the operations and profitability of the DNB 
Bank Group’s clients in the oil, gas and offshore industry, which, as of 31 March 2021, accounted for 
approximately 4.1 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions) for the DNB Bank 
Group. Recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest that in 2020, investments in oil and gas reduced by 4.8 
per cent. (Source: Norges Bank, 18 March 2021). Norges Bank has also estimated that there will be a 4.0 
per cent. reduction in investments in oil and gas in 2021, a 5.0 per cent. reduction in 2022 and a 10.0 per 
cent. increase in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 18 March 2021). Further significant reductions or volatility 
in oil prices could have a significant impact on oil investments in 2021 and beyond. Continued low oil 
prices, high volatility in oil price and reduced oil-related investments would likely have a material adverse 
effect on the Norwegian economy and the DNB Bank Group's customers.

--- Page 13 ---
11/67312202_22 
4 
Housing sector 
Stimulated by substantial cuts in interest rates, housing prices in Norway started to increase in early 2009 
and reached a peak in April 2017 (February 2017 in Oslo). After the peak in the first half of 2017, house 
prices decreased (particularly in Oslo) but started increasing again from 2018 up until February 2020. Due 
to the outbreak of COVID-19 and lower levels of activity as a result of efforts to contain the outbreak, 
house prices dropped by 1.4 per cent. from February 2020 to March 2020. Since March 2020, housing 
prices again increased to an all-time high in March 2021, with a 12.5 per cent. increase for the twelve-
month period ending 31 March 2021 (Source: Housing prices statistics, Real Estate Norway, April 2021) . 
However, the long-term effects of the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact on the Norwegian economy 
combined with slow growth in household incomes suggest a high degree of uncertainty regarding further 
developments in house prices and a further drop in house-prices may occur, especially if the key policy rate 
increases. Stricter regulation of home mortgages may also continue to dampen house-price growth. 
Historically low interest rates have resulted in a further build-up of household debt, increasing the risk of a 
bubble in the housing market. Any further correction in house prices, if accompanied by weakened 
economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian 
economy and on the DNB Bank Group's financial condition. 
Household debt ratios in Norway are high, both historically and compared with other countries. Such high 
household debt levels increase the risk that households will reduce consumption in response to a substantial 
decrease in housing prices or a pronounced increase in interest rates. An abrupt decrease in household 
consumption could lead to reduced corporate earnings and debt-servicing capacity, which could result in 
higher losses on the DNB Bank Group’s corporate loans. 
Unemployment 
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. 
Unemployment reached a peak of 5.0 per cent. in 2016, reflecting the decline in activity in the petroleum 
sector and weaker growth in the Norwegian economy. The unemployment rate decreased to a low of 3.8 
per cent. in the first quarter of 2020 (Source: Labour Force Survey (Statistics Norway and Norges Bank), 
however due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased significantly in the second 
quarter of 2020, but has since decreased. As at 31 December 2020, the unemployment rate was 4.8 per cent. 
(Source: Labour Force Survey (Statistics Norway 28 January 2021). The unemployment rate is expected 
to reach 4.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 4.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 and 4.0 per cent. as at 
31 December 2023 (Source: Statistics Norway, 12 March 2021). Although it is not possible to accurately 
predict the unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower oil price together with any prolonged or 
repeated outbreaks of COVID-19 would likely have a material adverse effect on the unemployment rate in 
Norway. 
Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Bank Group 
might not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
The DNB Bank Group’s customers are affected by developments in trading partner nations. 
Although Norway is not a member of the European Union, economic developments within the European 
Union significantly affect Norway and the DNB Bank Group as the European Union is one of Norway’s 
principal trading partners and Norway is a member of the broader EEA. Economic conditions in the EU 
have been materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020. In addition, economic 
conditions in the EU are further subject to the risks of slowdown and volatility as a result of the United 
Kingdom’s exit from European Union ("Brexit"), and uncertainty as to whether and to what extent this exit 
may also negatively impact the European markets. While there are certain interim agreements in place, the 
negotiations between Norway and the UK on a free trade agreement are, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, still ongoing. 
Adverse economic developments have affected the DNB Bank Group’s business in a number of ways, and 
such developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, businesses 
and/or financial condition of the DNB Bank Group’s customers, which, in turn, could reduce the credit 
quality of the DNB Bank Group’s loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the DNB Bank 
Group’s financial products and services. See "—Risks Related to the DNB Bank Group’s Loan Portfolio—

--- Page 14 ---
11/67312202_22 
5 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to the risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and 
resulting in impairments". 
B. 
Risks Related to the DNB Bank Group's Loan Portfolio 
The DNB Bank Group’s business is significantly affected by credit risk. 
The DNB Bank Group is subject to credit risk, or the risk that the DNB Bank Group’s borrowers and other 
counterparties are unable to fulfil their payment obligations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the 
DNB Bank Group’s borrowers or counterparties or a general deterioration in Norwegian, U.S., European 
or global economic conditions, or adverse changes arising from systemic risk in the global financial system, 
could affect the recoverability and value of the DNB Bank Group’s assets and require an increase in the 
DNB Bank Group’s impairments. Any significant increase in the DNB Bank Group’s credit risk may have 
a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to the risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio 
and resulting in impairments. 
The DNB Bank Group recognised impairments of its loans and guarantees in accordance with IFRS; 
however, the impairments made are based on available information, estimates and assumptions and are 
subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover the amount of 
actual losses as they occur. For the three months ended 31 March 2021, the DNB Bank Group recorded 
NOK 110 million in net reversals of impairments, mainly due to reversals in the corporate customers 
industry segments, especially within the shipping segment and the oil, gas and offshore segment. These net 
reversals in the Oil, gas and offshore segment were partly offset by increased impairment provisions for 
some stage 3 customers within the Oil, gas and offshore segment.  For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
the DNB Bank Group recorded impairments of NOK 9,918 million as compared to NOK 2,191 million in 
the year ended 31 December 2019, reflecting the effect on its borrowers of the COVID-19 pandemic in 
Norway and globally, coupled with the decline in oil prices in the first half of 2020. Impairments may be 
volatile in future periods, as uneven recovery from the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
continues to affect certain segments, such as oil, gas and offshore, more negatively than other segments, 
such as personal customers, who may see some recovery in the near term. Further adverse changes in the 
credit quality of the DNB Bank Group’s borrowers and counterparties or a decline in collateral values 
would likely require an increase in impairments, which in turn would adversely affect the DNB Bank 
Group’s financial performance. 
Actual loan losses and losses on other commitments vary over the business cycle. As some of the economies 
of the markets in which the DNB Bank Group operates have deteriorated over the past years, credit risk 
associated with certain borrowers and counterparties in these markets has increased with the current effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the volatility in oil prices. A significant increase in the size of the DNB 
Bank Group’s impairments, or write-offs of loans and guarantees not covered by impairments, would have 
a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Oil-related exposures 
As at 31 March 2021, the DNB Bank Group’s oil, gas and offshore portfolios together represented 
approximately 4.1 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions). Oil prices have 
remained low and their levels highly volatile in 2020 and 2021, driven by uncertain supply dynamics 
between members of OPEC and certain non-OPEC oil-producing countries, as well as the decrease in global 
demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. See "—Risks Related to the Macroeconomic Conditions—
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Bank Group" above. If this trend persists, oil price 
volatility could have a significant adverse impact on oil investments in 2021 and in subsequent periods and 
have a corresponding negative effect on economic activity in oil-related industries. Developments in oil 
prices will continue to impact the oil-related industry, and reduced oil prices (and forecasts) could result in 
a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry, leading to a 
potentially significant impact on oil, gas and offshore companies’ profitability, and consequently on their 
respective credit quality. This could, in turn, lead to an increase in impairments on losses experienced by 
the DNB Bank Group on its loan portfolio.

--- Page 15 ---
11/67312202_22 
6 
The real estate market 
The DNB Bank Group provides mortgage lending both in the retail and corporate markets. As of 31 March 
2021, the DNB Bank Group’s loans and commitments within real estate (commercial) represented 10.0 per 
cent. of total exposure at default. Further, exposure at default for loans and financial commitments to 
personal customers amounted to NOK 1,098 billion as of 31 March 2021 (of which NOK 978 billion 
represent mortgage loans), representing 48.0 per cent. of total exposure at default. Accordingly, a further 
decline in the value of real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader economy and/or a 
reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the collateral for these loans 
significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could 
have a material adverse effect on the quality of the DNB Bank Group’s real estate loans. Specifically, the 
commercial real estate market, particularly the hotel industry, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-
19 pandemic. If the pandemic continues and measures to contain it also continue and/or are reinstated, this 
will have a further adverse impact on the hotel, travel and restaurant segments. A general decline in the 
Norwegian economy could result in bankruptcies and lay-offs, which in turn could in turn lead to a material 
increase in impairments recorded by the DNB Bank Group on its loan portfolio within this sector.  
The shipping industry 
As of 31 March 2021, loans to customers in the shipping sector represented approximately 2.3 per cent. of 
total exposure at default for the DNB Bank Group. The DNB Bank Group is a leading arranger of finance 
as well as supplier of credit to the shipping industry. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, 
by world economic growth and growth in international trade. A downturn in the global economy has 
historically negatively impacted world trade, and this in turn resulted in a decrease in freight volumes and 
rates in the shipping industry, and a corresponding decrease in the revenues and values that serve as 
collateral for lenders in the shipping industry. The significant decline in international trade, driven in part 
by the COVID-19 pandemic, coupled with trade disputes between, for example, the United States and China 
have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on freight volumes and rates. Any of these 
adverse effects could have a significant impact on shipping companies’ profitability and consequently on 
their credit quality, and, as a result, lead to an increase in impairments and losses experienced by the DNB 
Bank Group on its loan portfolio within this sector. Though the DNB Bank Group bases its internal credit 
analysis of the shipping industry on conservative expected rate estimates, actual rates for the DNB Bank 
Group’s shipping segments have historically been volatile and could be lower than expected. Due to the 
nature of the supply side the shipping sector is generally cyclical and consists of several sub-segments, 
currently at different places in the cycle.  
Counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group. 
The DNB Bank Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate customers. Many of these transactions expose the DNB Bank Group to the risk that its 
counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract will default 
on its obligations prior to maturity when the DNB Bank Group has an outstanding claim against that 
counterparty. Due to increased volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets, in particular during 
the first half of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, this risk represents a substantial part of the 
DNB Bank Group’s credit risk. This counterparty risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by 
the DNB Bank Group cannot be realized, including as a result of regulatory measures implemented to 
mitigate the adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (for example, moratoria on enforcement 
on mortgages, which as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has not yet has been implemented in Norway), 
or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of counterparty exposure. As a consequence 
of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, the 
DNB Bank Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk of losing 
the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty or after the DNB Bank Group has 
given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the 
corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the 
transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected 
by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the relevant countries. Any of the 
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
11/67312202_22 
7 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to sectoral and individual borrower credit concentration risks. 
The DNB Bank Group has significant credit exposure to certain sectors, with the largest sector being 
personal customers (primarily residential mortgages), followed to a lesser extent by commercial real estate, 
oil, gas and offshore and shipping. In the event that any of these sectors experiences increasingly difficult 
business or operating conditions, it could have a material impact on the DNB Bank Group’s asset quality 
and results of operations, financial condition or prospects. Accumulated impairment for the DNB Bank 
Group amounted to net reversals of NOK 110 million as of 31 March 2021, of which impairments related 
to exposures within oil, gas and offshore amounted to net reversals of NOK 127 million, while other 
industry segments had impairments of NOK 193 million. These net reversals in the Oil, gas and offshore 
segment were partly offset by increased impairment provisions for some stage 3 customers within the Oil, 
gas and offshore segment. Despite net reversals within the oil, gas and offshore segment, the situation 
within offshore (rig and supply), remains highly challenging with continued over-supply of drilling rigs, 
supply vessels and similar assets. 
In addition, the DNB Bank Group has significant credit exposure to certain individual borrowers. In the 
event that any of these borrowers experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it 
could have a material impact on the DNB Bank Group’s results of operations. 
C. 
Risks Related to Market Exposure 
The DNB Bank Group's business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the 
competitive environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect the DNB Bank Group’s lending and deposit 
spreads. The DNB Bank Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it 
on deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and 
other banks. Although both the interest rates payable by DNB Bank Group on deposits, as well as the 
interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly 
floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the DNB Bank Group will not be able to re-
price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or 
medium term. As applicable interest rates on deposits are close to zero, it may not be possible in the future 
to offset in full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a corresponding decrease in 
interest rates on deposits. The DNB Bank Group is also subject to intense competition for customer deposits 
and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the DNB Bank Group’s deposit spreads. The 
DNB Bank Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale 
funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the DNB Bank Group’s control, including fiscal 
and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
conditions. These conditions are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty as a result of the continued 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental measures implemented to mitigate its adverse 
economic and monetary effects, both at national levels and with respect to regional or multilateral 
coordination. On 12 July 2020, Management stated that the reduction in interest rates on customer loans 
and deposits following Norges Bank’s 150 basis point total reduction in the key policy rate during the 
period from March to May 2020 would have an estimated negative effect on the Bank’s net interest income 
of approximately NOK 5 billion annually for the DNB Bank Group, effective from the second quarter of 
2020. On 18 March 2021, Norges Bank announced that the key policy rate was expected to start increasing 
from the second half of 2021.  
An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in 
defaults by the DNB Bank Group’s customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may 
adversely affect the DNB Bank Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and 
an increase in competition in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, 
significant changes or volatility in the interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, 
financial condition or results of operations of the DNB Bank Group. 
Although the DNB Bank Group regularly measures and monitors these and other market risks, it is difficult 
to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could 
have on the DNB Bank Group’s financial performance and results of operations. While the DNB Bank 
Group undertakes hedging operations in order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge

--- Page 17 ---
11/67312202_22 
8 
all its risk exposure and there can be no assurance that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the DNB 
Bank Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market 
interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the DNB Bank Group’s monitoring procedures are unable to 
manage adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest 
expense, in which case the DNB Bank Group’s results of operations and financial condition or prospects 
could be negatively affected. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk and the risk of devaluation or 
depreciation of any of the currencies in which it operates. 
Changes in exchange rates, particularly in the NOK-USD and NOK-EUR exchange rates, affect the value 
of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and may affect income from foreign exchange 
lending and trading. As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the significant decrease in oil prices 
in the first half of 2020, the NOK weakened significantly against the USD, EUR and other currencies. 
In 2020, the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 9.40 and 10.72, respectively. The end of year 
USD/NOK rate was 8.7803 for 2019 and 8.5326 for 2020. The end of year EUR/NOK rate was 9.8638 for 
2019 and 10.4703 for 2020. In 2020, currency rates were highly volatile and in the short term, the 
Norwegian kroner weakened significantly as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the decrease in oil 
prices. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the lowest point of depreciation was 19 March 2020, with 
11.4031 for the USD/NOK rate and 12.3165 for the EUR/NOK rate. (Source: Norges Bank). As of 31 
March 2021, the USD/NOK rate was 8.5249 and the EUR/NOK rate was 9.9955. 
In the first quarter of 2021, the positive impact of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 Capital totalled NOK 
29 million, compared with positive effects of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 Capital totalling NOK 
4,097 million for the first quarter of 2020. The DNB Bank Group’s reporting currency is the Norwegian 
kroner. However, a substantial portion of its assets and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than 
the Norwegian kroner, giving rise to translation risk. Balance sheet items, including monetary assets and 
liabilities, of foreign branches and subsidiaries in currencies other than the NOK are translated into 
Norwegian kroner according to exchange rates prevailing on the balance sheet date, while profit and loss 
items are translated according to exchanges rates on the transaction date. Changes in net assets resulting 
from exchange rate movements are recognised in the income statement. A devaluation or depreciation of 
any such other currency in which the DNB Bank Group operates or in which it has credit exposures may 
result in significant losses for the DNB Bank Group. In addition, a depreciation of the NOK against other 
currencies in which loans are made to customers would result in an increase in the DNB Bank Group’s loan 
portfolio, which would result in an increase in risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") and have a negative impact 
on capital ratios. The DNB Bank Group seeks to hedge foreign exchange risk by trying to match the 
currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them. However, there can be no assurance 
that these hedging activities will be effective in part or in full, and hedge counterparties are subject to credit 
risk. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to market risk. 
Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities, and risk which arises as part 
of banking activities and other business operations. Trading activities in the Bank mainly include market 
making, facilitation of corporate financing and proprietary trading. Market risk in banking activities can be 
broadly divided into risk related to the management of equity investments and risk stemming from the 
Group Treasury function, which arises from funding activities, liquidity management, as well as asset and 
liability management. 
The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, credit spread risk arising in the bond portfolios 
and basis swap spread risk from the hedging of currency risk in connection with funding in foreign 
currencies. The fair value of financial instruments held by the DNB Bank Group, including bonds 
(government, corporate and mortgage), equities, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, 
hedge and credit funds, commodities and derivatives (including credit derivatives), is sensitive to volatility 
of and correlations between various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices 
and foreign exchange rates. To the extent that volatile market conditions occur, the fair value of the DNB 
Bank Group’s bond, derivative and structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes of assets, could 
decrease, and therefore cause the DNB Bank Group to record mark-to-market losses. Future valuations of 
the assets for which the DNB Bank Group has already recorded or estimated mark-to-market losses, which 
will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of

--- Page 18 ---
11/67312202_22 
9 
these assets. Further, certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using 
financial models incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimations that are inherently uncertain and 
which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the DNB 
Bank Group to recognise further mark-to-market losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the DNB 
Bank Group’s trading and investment income depends to a great extent on the performance of financial 
markets, volatile market conditions could result in a significant decline in the DNB Bank Group’s trading 
and investment income, or result in a trading loss, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, due to continued illiquid markets for certain asset classes, the fair value of certain of the DNB 
Bank Group’s exposures could prove difficult to estimate. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then-
prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of the DNB Bank Group’s 
exposure, even in respect of exposures such as credit market exposures, for which the DNB Bank Group 
has previously recorded valuation losses. In addition, the values of financial instruments are subject to 
uncertainty as they are based on estimates, assumptions and available information. As a result, estimates of 
fair value may differ materially both from estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values 
that would have been used if a market for these assets had been readily available. Thus, the value ultimately 
realised by the DNB Bank Group may be materially different from the current or estimated fair value. Any 
such difference could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and/or liquidity of the DNB 
Bank Group.  
The DNB Bank Group uses fair value hedging to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. In 
dislocated markets, hedging and other risk management strategies have proven not to be as effective as they 
are under normal market conditions due in part to the decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties, 
including credit derivative product companies. Any deterioration in financial market conditions could lead 
to impairment charges and further mark-downs, and an illiquid market for financial instruments could cause 
spreads to widen, adversely affecting the pricing of financial instruments. 
In addition, the DNB Bank Group’s operations outside the Nordic markets (e.g., India and China) present 
various emerging market risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic 
markets. In particular, the DNB Bank Group faces increased economic and political risk, including 
economic volatility, recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of 
business, as well as increased risk of civil unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions 
relating to specific countries, expropriation, nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing 
contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or tax policy. Any of the foregoing changes in economic or 
market conditions could materially adversely affect the DNB Bank Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
D. 
Risks Related to Liquidity and Funding 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the DNB Bank Group's operations; this risk may be exacerbated by current 
conditions in the global financial markets. 
The DNB Bank Group is dependent on access to sufficient liquidity on acceptable terms in order to be able 
to meet its obligations as they fall due. This liquidity risk is inherent in banking operations and can be 
heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on wholesale funding, 
changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation. 
The DNB Bank Group is dependent on sufficient funding in order to carry out its lending business. The 
Bank’s funding requirements are, as for most commercial banks, largely covered through customer 
deposits. The DNB Bank Group’s ratio of deposits to net loans (excluding short term money market 
deposits) was 70.9 per cent. at 31 March 2021 and 61.9 per cent. at 31 March 2020 and 58.1 per cent. at 31 
March 2019. The ratio of deposits to net loans in the Bank was 69.3 per cent. at 31 March 2021 and 62.2 
per cent. at 31 March 2020 and 60.1 per cent. at 31 March 2019, reflecting the fact that all loans held by 
DNB Boligkreditt were funded by covered bonds. Deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors 
outside the DNB Bank Group’s control, such as competitive pressures, loss of customer confidence, 
depositors’ concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry or the DNB Bank 
Group specifically, ratings downgrades, further deterioration in economic conditions and the existence and 
extent of deposit guarantees which, under Norwegian law, currently apply to deposits up to NOK 2 million. 
The Norwegian government has stated that it will try to maintain the limit of NOK 2 million and is still in

--- Page 19 ---
11/67312202_22 
10 
discussions with the EU in this regard. Any future decrease in the deposit guarantee limit following these 
discussions may have an adverse effect on the availability of deposits in the Norwegian banking sector, 
including for DNB Bank ASA. Any of these factors on their own or in combination could lead to a reduction 
in the DNB Bank Group’s ability to access customer deposit funding on acceptable terms in the future and 
to sustained deposit outflows within a short period of time, both of which would have a negative impact on 
the DNB Bank Group’s ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements. In 
addition, any uncertainty regarding the DNB Bank Group’s financial position may lead to withdrawals of 
deposits, resulting in a funding deficit for the DNB Bank Group. 
A substantial part of the DNB Bank Group’s liquidity and funding requirements is also met through ongoing 
access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as 
covered bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained 
during periods of reduced liquidity. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution 
is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage to the institution. While central banks in 
Europe, including in Norway, and North America have maintained accommodative monetary policies to 
mitigate adverse effects of high volatility in the financial markets and of weak economic conditions in 2020 
and 2021 to the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such monetary policies will 
continue and that unwinding of such policies will not have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s 
access to wholesale lending markets or the pricing of such funding. 
The DNB Bank Group’s liquidity could also be impaired by an inability to sell assets or redeem its 
investments, other outflows of cash or deterioration in the value of its collateral. These situations may arise 
due to circumstances that the DNB Bank Group is unable to control, such as continued general market 
disruption, loss in confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of 
market participants, credit rating downgrades or operational problems that affect third parties. Although the 
DNB Bank Group expends significant effort in liquidity risk management and focuses on maintaining 
liquidity surplus in the short term, the DNB Bank Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls 
and cannot ensure that the procedures in place to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity 
risk. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the DNB Bank Group’s 
liquidity, its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and the willingness of 
certain counterparties and customers to do business with the DNB Bank Group, and the inability of the 
DNB Bank Group to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on 
its credit ratings. 
The DNB Bank Group’s credit ratings are important to its business. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Bank is rated "Aa2" (stable outlook) by Moody's, "AA-" (stable outlook) by S&P and "AA (low) (stable 
outlook)" by DBRS Rating Limited (unsolicited). 
The DNB Bank Group's business is also significantly affected by the credit rating of the Bank's subsidiary 
DNB Boligkreditt AS ("DNB Boligkreditt"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, DNB Boligkreditt's 
outstanding covered bonds were rated "Aaa" by Moody's and "AAA" by S&P. There can be no assurance 
that the rating agencies will not downgrade the ratings of the Bank or the ratings of the Bank's or DNB 
Boligkreditt's debt instruments (including the Programme and Notes issued under the Programme) either 
as a result of the DNB Bank Group's or DNB Boligkreditt's financial position or changes to applicable 
rating methodologies used by Moody's, S&P and any other relevant rating agency. A rating agency's 
evaluation of the DNB Bank Group or DNB Boligkreditt may also be based on a number of factors not 
entirely within the control of the DNB Bank Group or DNB Boligkreditt, such as conditions affecting the 
financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Bank's credit ratings or the ratings of its or DNB 
Boligkreditt's debt instruments, including on an unsolicited basis, could adversely affect the DNB Bank 
Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the DNB Bank Group, increase its 
borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter 
into transactions with it. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's 
business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
11/67312202_22 
11 
E. 
Other Risks Related to the DNB Bank Group's Business 
The DNB Bank Group's success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base. 
The DNB Bank Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base and to offer its 
customers a wide range of high quality and competitive products and consistently high levels of service, 
delivered through channels acceptable to its customers. The DNB Bank Group has sought to achieve this 
objective by segmenting its branch networks to better serve the diverse needs of each industry segment 
through, among other things, cross-selling the products and services of the DNB Group’s subsidiaries 
through its marketing and distribution networks, and investing in digital delivery channels while closing 
little-used branches. Any failure to maintain the DNB Bank Group’s customer base or to offer the DNB 
Bank Group’s customers a wide range of high quality and competitive products or consistently high levels 
of service and competitive delivery channels could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to systemic risk. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the DNB Bank Group is and will 
continue to be subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived 
soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one 
institution could lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could 
lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and 
financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a 
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the DNB Bank Group 
or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges 
with whom the DNB Bank Group interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Bank Group's ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to operational risks, including network interruptions and other failures 
or inadequacies in risk management and internal control procedures. 
The DNB Bank Group's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operations are carried out through a number of entities and also through internet 
banking platforms. Internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Bank Group, as its customers 
shift away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile banking. 
Increased digitalisation increases the risk of operational disruptions and cybercrime, which can pose a threat 
to financial stability. 
Operational risk and losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, increasing regulatory 
scrutiny, costs and direct and indirect financial losses and/or impairments, can result from a variety of 
causes, including inadequacies or failures in internal processes, systems (e.g., information technology 
systems) or licences from external suppliers; fraud or other criminal actions; employee errors; failure of 
outsourced services; failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-
contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or failure to obtain or maintain proper 
authorisation; customer complaints; failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not 
limited to anti-money laundering, data protection and antitrust regulations, or conduct of business rules; 
equipment failures; failure to protect the DNB Bank Group’s assets, including intellectual property rights 
and collateral; natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the DNB Bank Group’s 
suppliers or counterparties; and failure to fulfil the DNB Bank Group’s obligations, contractual or 
otherwise. See "—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Bank Group 
Operates—The DNB Bank Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and 
sanctions violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort" and "—Legal and 
regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Bank Group’s business" for further detail on these risks. 
In particular, the DNB Bank Group and its customers have recently been, and may continue to be, affected 
by a number of serious network problems, including interruptions in network availability, which have 
adversely affected certain of the DNB Bank Group’s internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting 
in intermittent service interruptions and adverse media coverage. See also "—The DNB Bank Group is

--- Page 21 ---
11/67312202_22 
12 
increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be adequate to the 
tasks at hand or may no longer be available" for further detail on these risks. 
Although the DNB Bank Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation precautions and 
substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, it is not possible 
to implement procedures which are fully effective in controlling operational risks. Some of the risk 
mitigating measures that the DNB Bank Group uses are based on historical information and its current 
policies may not comprehensively address the full impact of the global financial crisis or other unforeseen 
circumstances. As future developments may significantly differ from observed historical developments, 
there is a risk that such measures will be inadequate in predicting future risk exposure. Furthermore, risk 
management methods rely on estimates, assumptions and available information that may be incorrect or 
outdated. Any failure to successfully execute the DNB Bank Group’s operational risk management and 
control policies could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The DNB Bank Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, 
may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology ("ICT") systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank 
branches and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications 
on smartphones. As noted above, internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Bank Group, as its 
customers shift away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile 
banking. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, 
interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and 
computer viruses. For example, the DNB Bank Group experienced a serious IT operational incident on 11 
September 2018, due to an overload in a single system triggered by an operation initiated by a customer. 
Due to a software error on the mainframe, the overload had consequences for several of the Bank’s central 
customer solutions and internal systems for a period of two and a half hours. Further incidents of instability 
of ICT systems or network unavailability could have an adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business. 
In addition, harmonising ICT systems across the DNB Bank Group to create a consistent ICT architecture 
poses significant challenges. 
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements 
and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance 
on information and communication technology more broadly. The DNB Bank Group may not be able to 
implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. In addition 
to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues associated with, 
as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the DNB Bank Group could face fines from bank 
regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable banking or reporting regulations, 
including data protection regulations. 
The DNB Bank Group maintains back-up systems for its operations, with one of those back-up systems 
being located in Norway, outside of its premises. However, there are limited scenarios, for example in the 
event of a major catastrophe resulting in the failure of its information systems, where the DNB Bank Group 
could lose certain recently entered data with regard to its Norwegian operations or could lose more 
significant portions of data with regard to its international operations. 
The DNB Bank Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT 
systems. Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the DNB Bank Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems 
compromised. In particular, the DNB Bank Group and its customers have been, and may in the future 
become, affected by network problems which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected and 
might affect in the future certain of the DNB Bank Group's internet banking and cash machine functions, 
resulting in service interruptions and adverse media coverage. A major disruption to the DNB Bank Group's 
ICT systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material 
adverse effect on the normal operation of the DNB Bank Group's business and thus on its financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
11/67312202_22 
13 
Cybercrime 
Similar to all major financial institutions, the DNB Bank Group's activities have been, and are expected to 
continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service 
attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the DNB 
Bank Group's internet bank users and include potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive 
customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as account and credit card information. 
The DNB Bank Group has made investments to address threats from cyber-attacks; however, there can be 
no assurance that these investments will be successful in part or in full, or without significant additional 
expenditures. The DNB Bank Group may experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its 
systems and services in the future, which could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the DNB Bank Group, 
its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's business, reputation 
and results of operations. 
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Bank Group operates could 
have a negative effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business. 
The DNB Bank Group faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, 
corporate and retail banking, investment banking and real estate brokering), both in Norway and the 
international markets in which it operates. Competition for customer lending and deposits is affected by 
customer demand, technological changes, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory 
actions and other factors. The DNB Bank Group’s competitors are principally commercial and investment 
banks. The recurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, as during such 
crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks organised in their 
jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength of the banks in 
question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and intensify the competition 
faced by the DNB Bank Group. Competition has further increased with the emergence of additional 
distribution channels such as internet and mobile telephone banking, digital banking and payment 
platforms. 
In addition, the spread of COVID-19 has resulted in substantial fluctuations in the global markets. High 
levels of uncertainty have coincided with lower or negative growth and tighter financial conditions. 
Management expects that the extent of the expected global market impact will depend on how quickly the 
international community can mitigate the spread of the virus and support their economic growth. If the 
DNB Bank Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may fail to attract new 
customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the DNB Bank Group believes 
that it is in a strong position to continue to compete in the markets in which it operates, there can be no 
assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. 
The DNB Bank Group could fail to attract or retain suitably qualified senior management or other key 
employees. 
The DNB Bank Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly 
skilled individuals, and the continued ability of the DNB Bank Group to compete effectively and implement 
its strategy depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. 
Competition from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well 
as from businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. Any loss of the 
services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled 
personnel in the future or the need to replace any senior management as a result of failures or perceived 
failures in management of the DNB Bank Group could have an adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's 
business. 
F. 
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates 
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, 
and the regulatory framework is subject to change. 
The DNB Bank Group's business is subject to on-going regulatory and associated risks. The DNB Bank 
Group is subject to financial services laws and regulation (including, but not limited to, those relating to

--- Page 23 ---
11/67312202_22 
14 
capital adequacy, conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, reporting and 
corporate governance), as well as administrative actions and policies in Norway and in each other 
jurisdiction in which the DNB Bank Group carries on business. The Norwegian Financial Supervisory 
Authority ("NFSA") is the DNB Bank Group's primary regulator, although DNB Bank Group is also subject 
to the supervision of regulators in each country where it has a subsidiary, branch and/or representative 
office, including Poland. 
The DNB Bank Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in 
accordance with Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations. Any increase 
in the DNB Group's risk-weighted assets due to, among other things, a reduction in the internal credit ratings 
of borrowers, market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in 
collateral values or further deterioration in the economic environment, could reduce the DNB Bank Group's 
capital adequacy ratios. If the DNB Bank Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy 
ratios for any reason (including due to a change in the regulatory capital framework, as described below), 
it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations which could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or prospects or, 
in more severe circumstances, require the DNB Bank Group to raise further capital. 
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could materially 
affect the DNB Bank Group's business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Areas 
where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but 
are not limited to (i) general changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may 
significantly influence investment decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordic 
markets and other European markets, and such other markets where the DNB Bank Group carries out its 
business, (ii) changes in the capital adequacy framework and imposition of onerous compliance obligations, 
(iii) changes in competition and pricing environments, (iv) differentiation among financial institutions by 
governments with respect to the extension of guarantees of customer deposits and the terms attaching to 
such guarantees, and (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation 
relating to foreign ownership, producing legal uncertainty, which, in turn, may affect demand for the DNB 
Bank Group's products and services. 
The Norwegian government and regulatory authorities may also impose measures on economic actors and 
financial institutions in Norway intended to address the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
may limit the DNB Bank Group's operations or impose obligations that could have an impact on its business 
and results of operations. For example, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance stated on 20 January 2021 that 
financial institutions should exercise caution in paying dividends for 2019 and 2020, and that until 30 
September 2021, such payments should be limited to a maximum of 30 per cent. of the relevant institution’s 
cumulative results for 2019 and 2020. Further government and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 
outbreak may have a material impact on the banking sector in Norway. 
Home Mortgage and Consumer Loan Regulation 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, 
together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint loan regulation that will, unless 
extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The regulation sets forth certain restrictions 
and requirements on lending to personal customers, including total debt serving capacity, leverage ratio, 
loan to value and amortization, which limit banks’ discretion in lending decision. Tighter regulation of 
lending practices by banks could lead to the provision of credit from new sources or in new forms that are 
not covered by the regulation, thus increasing competition in the mortgage market. Increased competition 
may cause the DNB Bank Group to fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, 
experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the 
occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. See Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Bank Group’s Business—
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Bank Group operates could 
have a negative effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – CRR Quick Fix 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on

--- Page 24 ---
11/67312202_22 
15 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and implemented by the European Union through CRD IV 
and CRR (each as defined below).  
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced the adoption, by way of a Regulation further amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the "CRR"), of exceptional rules to facilitate bank 
lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in recovering from the COVID-19 crisis. 
The Regulation was published in the EU Official Journal on 26 June 2020 and entered into effect on 27 
June 2020. The amendments to CRR, commonly referred to as the "CRR Quick Fix" package, include, 
among other things, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are required to hold for non-
performing loans (NPL) under the "prudential backstop", the extension by two years of transitional 
arrangements related to the implementation of the international accounting standard IFRS 9, additional 
flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects of the extreme market volatility observed during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of some capital relief measure for banks under CRR 2, 
most notably with respect to preferential treatment of certain loans backed by pensions or salaries and their 
SMEs and infrastructure loans, to encourage the credit flow to pensioners, employees, businesses and 
infrastructure investments. Consequently, the full adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be 
reflected in the DNB Bank Group’s financial statements until later periods. 
It is still not clear how the CRR Quick Fix could affect the regulatory framework for the Norwegian banking 
industry. On 9 April 2021, the Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to the implementation of 
CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 in Norway. The date of implementation is unlikely to be before the end of 2021 
and may depend on other countries in the EEC. Delayed implementation of the CRR Quick Fix in Norway 
will reduce the DNB Bank Group’s relative competitiveness compared to financial institutions within the 
European Union, which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial 
conditions and results of operations. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements Pillar 1 Minimum Capital 
Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of 
their risk-weighted assets, within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at 
least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital. 
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met 
by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, 
(ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of RWAs (on Norwegian exposures as further described below) 
and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 1 per cent. of RWAs (on Norwegian exposures, further described 
below). In addition, financial institutions (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the 
Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically important must also comply with a buffer for 
systemically important financial institutions of 2 per cent. of RWAs in order to mitigate systemic risk. 
The DNB Bank Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rates are calculated as the 
weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Bank Group has credit exposures. 
Since several countries in which the DNB Bank Group has exposures have set the requirement lower than 
the buffers in Norway, DNB Bank Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rate are 
currently approximately 3.2 per cent. and 0.7 per cent., respectively. The buffer requirements may change 
over time. Implementation of any changes that impose more stringent requirements could lead to increased 
funding costs for the DNB Bank Group. 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR"). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited 
size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, 
the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional 
U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB 
Bank Group and the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have an adverse 
effect on their results of operations or financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
11/67312202_22 
16 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or "BRRD", which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as amended 
from time to time, including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879) entered into force. The 
BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant entities" being credit institutions, investment 
firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant 
entity’s failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was incorporated in the EEA Agreement 
on 9 February 2018. Legislation implementing the BRRD (in its original form) in Norway was passed by 
the Norwegian government in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019. The amendments 
made to BRRD by Directive (EU) 2019/879 have not yet been implemented in Norway. 
BRRD was designed to provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing bank (or other in-scope institution). As further described under 
"—Risks Related to the Notes —Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially 
adversely affect the value of the Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or 
a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes" below, 
the resolution authorities have extensive powers under BRRD (and local implementing legislation) to assist 
a failing bank, including through various resolution tools and powers. BRRD has been implemented in 
Norway as of 1 January 2019. If any action were to be taken by the Norwegian resolution authorities in 
respect of the Issuer or its group, such action could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its payment or other obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD there is a requirement 
for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own funds and other eligible liabilities 
("MREL") which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or 
resolution of a failing bank. In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. On 18 December 2020, 
the NFSA announced that the MREL requirement for DNB ASA (the holding company of the DNB Group) 
would be effective from 1 January 2021. DNB ASA is required to hold total MREL capital equal to 35.54 
per cent. of RWAs (adjusted for RWAs stemming from DNB Boligkreditt AS as the covered bond entity). 
Senior preferred debt issued by DNB Bank with a minimum remaining tenor of one year, will continue to 
qualify as MREL capital until 1 January 2024. To be eligible, the current requirement from the NFSA states 
that all MREL eligible debt issued after 1 January 2024 is required to be subordinated (i.e. non-preferred 
senior debt). 
On 2 July 2020, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance announced the approval of a new organisational 
structure for the DNB Group, under which the Bank and DNB ASA will be merged and the Bank will be 
the holding company of the DNB Group, and will be the entity issuing MREL-eligible debt. The approval 
of the merger is subject to certain conditions, and is expected to be completed 1 July 2021 at the earliest.  
New Personal Data Act 
The Norwegian Parliament ("Stortinget") has adopted a Personal Data Act, which implements the EU 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Norway. This Act entered into force on 20 July 2018. New 
Personal Data Regulations and separate transitional Regulations have also been adopted. The GDPR and 
its implementation has resulted in new demands on the DNB Group’s operational processes, systems and 
resources as well as increased compliance costs related to the new regulatory requirements. While the DNB 
Group continues to adapt its systems and processes to meet these regulatory requirements, there can be no 
assurance that such systems and processes will prevent all breaches. Any such breaches may have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Breaches 
of the GDPR can cause significant reputational damage and could also lead to claims against companies 
and individuals for negligence and/or wrongful acts. In addition, the reputational damage could impact the 
DNB Group’s ability to attract new customers, future investment and new employees.

--- Page 26 ---
11/67312202_22 
17 
The Dodd-Frank Act 
In the United States, the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, of 2010 (the 
"Dodd-Frank Act") has led to significant structural reforms affecting the financial services industry, 
including non-U.S. banks, by addressing, among other issues, systemic risk oversight, bank capital 
standards, the orderly liquidation of failing systemically significant financial institutions and over-the-
counter derivatives. The Dodd Frank Act also broadly prohibits banking entities, including the Bank and 
all of its global affiliates, from proprietary trading and sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity and 
similar funds (the so-called "Volcker Rule"), subject to a number of exceptions. No assurance can be given 
that the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations or any other new legislative changes enacted will not have 
a significant impact on the Bank. Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and 
may have unintended consequences. 
Possible new guidelines on IRB models 
The NFSA is currently working on a circular that is intended to guide banks on the NSFA's practice for the 
approval and supervision of internal ratings-based ("IRB") models. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, work 
on the circular was put on hold during the winter of 2020. On 15 March 2021, The NFSA announced it has 
resumed working on the circular and that a draft has been submitted to Finance Norway for comment. If 
the circular becomes applicable in its current form, it may entail a tightening of the capital requirements for 
banks using IRB models that are subject to Norwegian rules and legislation.  
The DNB Bank Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and to market disruptions in the countries where it operates. As a result of the global financial crisis and 
subsequent government intervention, there has been, and there may continue to be, a substantial increase in 
governmental policy responses to market disruptions, including reductions in public spending and the 
imposition of fiscal austerity measures, and changes in monetary and interest rate policies. Likewise, as a 
response to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, governmental and regulatory measures may have 
unintended or unforeseen consequences on the markets in which the DNB Bank Group operates. 
The DNB Bank Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the 
interpretation of fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European 
governments to stimulate the economy and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, 
bank bail-out plans and support to specific industry sectors, may, if enacted, lead to an increase in the tax 
burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Norway 
or in the other countries where the DNB Bank Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such 
responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse 
impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the DNB Bank Group. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions 
violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering 
and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort. 
The DNB Bank Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, 
anti-terrorist financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used 
for bribery or money laundering has increased worldwide. High employee turnover, difficulties in 
consistently implementing related policies and technology systems and the general business conditions 
mean that the risk of money laundering and other financial crimes is higher in emerging markets. Although 
these risks are higher in emerging markets than in Norway and other more developed markets, they may 
also arise in any of the markets in which the DNB Bank Group operates. Monitoring compliance with anti-
money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on the DNB 
Bank Group and pose significant technical problems. Currently more than 400 people in the DNB Bank 
Group are working to prevent financial crime but anti-money laundering efforts are a work in progress and 
the authorities’ requirements and expectations have become more stringent. There can be no assurance that 
DNB Bank Group will at all times meet regulatory expectations in the implementation of its anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures and otherwise comply with relevant law and regulation. 
A number of money laundering cases were brought to light in 2018 in the Baltic region, where the Bank 
has historically been present and continues to be present through its 20 per cent. ownership interest in 
Luminor. Over the past years, regulators have been particularly focused on anti-money laundering 
procedures and regulations, which continue to evolve. In 2016, a complaint was sent to Norway’s economic

--- Page 27 ---
11/67312202_22 
18 
crime unit stating that DNB ASA had helped transfer over $500,000 in Russian cash through accounts in 
Lithuania and Estonia. While Norway’s National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic 
and Environmental Crime had investigated the transactions from 2007 to 2010, it decided not to pursue it 
further. DNB, along with other Nordic banks, has attracted public attention and media coverage in 
connection with these money-laundering revelations, which continue to be investigated. Even if these 
allegations have not resulted in prosecutions of any member of the DNB Bank Group, the DNB Bank Group 
could face severe reputational damage. 
On 25 June 2019, the NFSA imposed a non-compliance penalty of approximately EUR 30,000 on the 
Bank’s subsidiary DNB Næringsmegling AS (commercial real estate brokerage) following an on-site 
inspection of the company's compliance with the anti-money laundering regulations. No money laundering 
activities or attempted money laundering activities were found in the inspection but the NFSA found that 
the subsidiary’s procedures related to matters such as employee training and control routines were not 
adequate. Further, on 21 August 2019 the NFSA released a report where the Bank received some criticism 
related to weaknesses in the Bank’s risk assessment, documentation of customer controls and the Bank’s 
system for the automatic detection of suspicious transactions. No money laundering activities or attempted 
money laundering activities have been discovered. 
On 12 November 2019, allegations were published in the Icelandic media relating to transfers of funds by 
an Icelandic fishery company using accounts held by its offshore affiliates at the Bank; such funds are 
alleged to have been used for corrupt payments by the Icelandic company to Namibian government 
officials. On 28 November 2019, Norway’s white-collar crime unit announced that it would launch an 
investigation to look into the links between the Bank and the alleged payments by the Icelandic fishery 
company. The Bank has been informed that the investigation has not generated any information that gives 
grounds for criminal prosecution of individuals. Further, the public prosecutor is not of the view that a 
corporate penalty is applicable in this case. The case has therefore been dismissed. On 4 December 2020, 
the NFSA submitted a report from its inspection of the Bank's compliance with anti-money laundering 
regulations in connection with the foregoing case. Most of the offenses identified by the NFSA in that report 
are time-barred or date to a period covered by the previously applicable anti-money laundering act and 
therefore not subject to sanctions under current legislation. 
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published its final report and a separate resolution (both 
dated 30 April 2021) related to this inspection, which confirmed that a fine of NOK 400 million is imposed 
on the Bank, as announced in the NFSA’s preliminary report relating to the inspection received by the Bank 
on 7 December 2020. DNB has recognised the total fine in its annual financial statements for 2020. 
Although DNB has not been under suspicion of money laundering or complicity in money laundering, in 
its report of 30 April 2021 the NFSA was critical of DNB’s compliance with the AML regulations and 
remediation of weaknesses identified in prior inspections. DNB expends considerable resources in the battle 
against money laundering. Nevertheless, DNB acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had 
not given sufficient results at the time of the inspection, and DNB therefore announced the same day that it 
accepted the fine imposed by the NFSA. The NFSA has also indicated that certain findings of this review 
will form part of its further monitoring of the Bank to ensure that identified instances of non-compliance 
are addressed. Any future findings of non-compliance may have an adverse impact on the Bank’s or the 
DNB Bank Group’s reputation. 
While the DNB Bank Group takes any criticism raised very seriously and continues to try to improve its 
methods and systems to prevent anti-money laundering, it cannot guarantee that its Group-wide anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures have prevented or will prevent instances 
of money laundering or terrorism financing. Further, it cannot guarantee that its employees will consistently 
comply with such policies. 
Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or even the suggestion of 
violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the DNB Bank Group and could, as a 
result, have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 28 ---
11/67312202_22 
19 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended 
consequences. 
The DNB Bank Group's conducts its operations in a wide range of global markets ranging from the Nordic 
countries to Poland, India and China. The DNB Bank Group may be adversely affected by governmental 
responses to market disruptions in the various countries where it operates. 
As a result of the global financial crisis and subsequent government interventions, there has been, and there 
may continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses to market disruptions, including 
reductions in public spending and the imposition of further fiscal austerity measures, and changes in 
monetary and interest rate policies. 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 virus is causing significant turmoil in financial markets and is expected to 
have a material and adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway and in other countries in 
which the DNB Bank Group operate. While the Norwegian government, and other governments in markets 
in which DNB Bank operates, has announced various measures to mitigate the situation, such measures 
may be inadequate and may not be sufficiently efficient to avoid adverse consequences for the DNB Bank 
Group. 
The DNB Bank Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the 
interpretation of fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European 
governments to stimulate the economy and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, 
the bank bail-out plans and austerity measures, may, if enacted, lead to an increase in the tax burden or to 
a reduction in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Norway or in the other 
countries where the DNB Bank Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the 
type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, 
financial situation and operating results of the DNB Bank Group. 
The legal relationships between the DNB Bank Group and its customers are based on standardised 
contracts and forms created for a large number of commercial transactions; as a result, problems with 
the conditions in this documentation, or errors in it, could affect a large number of contracts with 
customers. 
The DNB Bank Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of customers and uses 
general terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms in the majority of its business 
areas and departments. The use of standard contracts and forms poses a significant risk due to the large 
number of contracts. As a result of the ordinary evolution of laws and new judicial decisions, and the 
growing influence of European legislation on national laws, it is possible that not all the general terms and 
conditions, standard contracts and forms used by the DNB Bank Group comply with all of the applicable 
legal requirements at all times. If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual 
terms or the contracts are deemed invalid in whole or in part, a large number of customer relationships 
could be adversely affected, which could result in claims for compensation or other legal consequences that 
could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the DNB Bank Group. 
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Bank Group's business. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the DNB Bank Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability 
risk. The DNB Bank Group is subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Regulation and 
regulatory requirements are continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the DNB Bank 
Group, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, 
consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance. 
Furthermore, as part of its banking activities, the DNB Bank Group provides its customers with investment 
advice, other investment services and investment products and access to internally as well as externally 
managed funds, and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers 
due to investment advice, other services or products from the DNB Bank Group, or misconduct or 
fraudulent actions in connection with the provision of investment services or the sale of investment products 
or otherwise, the DNB Bank Group's customers could seek compensation from or otherwise take legal 
action against the DNB Bank Group. See "Description of the DNB Bank Group—Litigation" for further 
detail on these claims. In certain cases, compensation might be sought from the DNB Bank Group even if

--- Page 29 ---
11/67312202_22 
20 
the DNB Bank Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to 
its customers. 
The DNB Bank Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations in jurisdictions where it operates. See "Description of the DNB Bank Group—Litigation". 
Such claims, disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes and 
ultimate consequences are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or an 
investigation. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the DNB Bank Group to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licenses or authorisations or damage to reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory 
restrictions on its businesses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, DNB Asset Management AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNB ASA, was subject to a final 
decision of the Supreme Court, which upheld a Court of Appeal ruling and ordered DNB Asset Management 
to pay compensation to investors of approximately NOK 350 million to settle claims that certain funds 
managed by it overcharged investors in those funds. Media attention related to the matter has to some extent 
had a negative reputational effect. 
Even though the DNB Bank Group believes it has appropriately provided for contingent obligations in 
respect of claims, litigation and other proceedings, the outcome of any such claim, litigation or proceeding 
may differ from management expectations and expose the DNB Bank Group to unexpected costs and losses, 
reputational and other non-financial consequences and diversion of management attention. 
Any of the above-mentioned factors or any other restrictions or limitations on the operations of financial 
institutions could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax and VAT legislation and the interpretation 
of such legislation as well as changes in such rates. 
The DNB Bank Group’s activities are subject to tax and VAT at various rates in the jurisdictions in which 
it operates, computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Norwegian or 
other governments to increase tax or VAT rates or to impose additional taxes or duties would reduce the 
DNB Bank Group’s profitability. 
Revisions of tax or VAT legislation or changes in its interpretation as well as differences in opinion between 
the DNB Bank Group and tax authorities with respect to interpretation of relevant legislation might also 
affect the DNB Bank Group’s financial condition in the future. Such changes and the outcome of ongoing 
proceedings where the DNB Bank Group's interpretation of tax and VAT legislation is challenged by tax 
authorities could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Bank Group's business, financial situation, 
results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.  Further, there can be no assurance that any such change in 
tax and VAT legislation or the interpretation of tax and VAT legislation may not have a retroactive effect 
on the DNB Bank Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Bank Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and 
the interpretation of such policies and standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") changes the financial 
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the DNB Bank Group's financial 
statements. Further, changes may take place in the interpretation of, or differences of opinion may arise 
between the DNB Bank Group and competent authorities with regard to the application of, such standards. 
These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the DNB Bank Group records and 
reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the DNB Bank Group may be 
required to apply a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard, retroactively, 
rendering a restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. Any such change in the DNB Bank 
Group's accounting policies or applicable accounting standards could materially affect its reported financial 
condition and/or results of operations. 
IFRS 9, which replaced International Accounting Standards ("IAS") 39, became effective on 1 January 
2018. As from such date, impairment provisions according to IFRS 9 are measured using an expected loss

--- Page 30 ---
11/67312202_22 
21 
model, instead of an incurred loss model as in IAS 39. IFRS 9 introduced new rules and concepts that 
require further development of the DNB Bank Group’s models and IT systems. The implementation effect 
of IFRS 9 calculated as of 1 January 2018 was NOK 2.2 billion after tax and was recognised as a reduction 
in "Other equity" and in "Total equity". 
When calculating expected credit loss under IFRS 9, there are a number of key concepts that require a high 
level of judgment. Estimating expected credit loss is, by its very nature, uncertain and the accuracy of these 
estimates depends on many factors, including macro-economic forecasts, and involves complex modelling 
and judgments. The assessment of significant increase in credit risk and use of forward-looking information 
from an earlier stage than before (stage 2) is a new concept under IFRS 9 and requires significant judgment. 
The DNB Bank Group uses both models and internal expert credit judgment in order to determine expected 
credit losses. The degree of judgment that is required to estimate expected credit losses depends on the 
outcome from calculations, materiality and the availability of detailed information. 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the DNB Bank Group’s judgments and the estimates pertaining to 
these matters, the DNB Bank Group cannot guarantee that it will not be required to make changes in 
accounting estimates or restate prior period financial statements in the future. 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, may negatively impact the DNB Bank Group. 
As the DNB Bank Group expands the scope of its business and its customer base, it must increasingly 
implement corporate governance policies on a group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest, 
including situations in which the DNB Bank Group provides services to a particular customer or its own 
proprietary investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another 
customer, as well as situations in which one or more of the DNB Bank Group's businesses have access to 
material non-public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the DNB Bank Group. 
Appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches 
of policy can be difficult to discover. The DNB Bank Group's reputation could be damaged and the 
willingness of customers to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected if 
the DNB Bank Group fails, or appears to fail, to identify and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. 
Financial services operations involve inherent reputational risk. 
The DNB Bank Group's reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk 
to earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services industry. Negative 
public opinion can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, non-compliance 
by members of the DNB Bank Group with applicable internal policies and regulations, the activities of 
business partners over which the DNB Bank Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial 
losses, uncertainty about the DNB Bank Group's financial soundness or reliability (including the reliability 
of its internet banking platforms) or the DNB Bank Group's conduct of its business. Negative public opinion 
may adversely affect the DNB Bank Group's ability to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, 
as well as its relationships with regulators and the general public. 
Risk Factors Related with Notes issued under the Programme 
G. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency. 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes, which will constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The Subordinated Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any 
such case, an Excluded Winding-up (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) (referred to 
herein as a "winding-up of the Issuer"), all claims in respect of the Subordinated Notes will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and will be subordinated as described in Condition 4

--- Page 31 ---
11/67312202_22 
22 
(Status of the Subordinated Notes). If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient 
to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will 
lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to 
pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect 
of its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes, Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. 
As described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), the ranking of the Subordinated Notes may 
change such that, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Subordinated Notes 
that constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will 
rank behind certain obligations of the Issuer that such holders had previously ranked in priority to. As a 
result, upon a winding-up of the Issuer, there may be a greater risk of holders of Subordinated Notes that 
constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations losing all or some of their investment in the Subordinated Notes 
as there would potentially be a greater number of more senior-ranking claims which would be repaid in full 
ahead of the claims of such holders of Subordinated Notes.  
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing 
of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) 
recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of its investment 
should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other 
unsubordinated debt (including its Senior Preferred Notes). An investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Issuer may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is described in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the designation 'senior', and 
will both rank ahead of Subordinated Notes on a winding-up of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, will rank junior to those obligations which 
are by law given priority over Senior Preferred Notes) and the Issuer’s other ordinary unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme should 
note that, in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency or resolution, investors in its Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(if any) would generally be expected to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders 
of its Senior Preferred Notes. 
At any time after Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU relating to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy (the "Creditor Hierarchy Directive") has been implemented in Norway, the Issuer may (but is 
not obliged to), by providing notice (the "Ranking Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with 
any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt 
instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, 
as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for 
the avoidance of doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking which may be 
introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the 
ranking as set out in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), such statutory ranking shall 
prevail). 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount

--- Page 32 ---
11/67312202_22 
23 
(if any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
There are limited Events of Default in relation to the Notes. 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes are limited to the occurrence of certain liquidation and 
insolvency events, and the enforcement rights of the Noteholders in relation to such Events of Default are 
extremely limited. In particular, the Noteholders will not be entitled to accelerate any amounts under the 
Notes except in the liquidation of the Issuer or other insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by such limited Events of Default. See 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
In addition, the remedies under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Bank's unsubordinated creditors. 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes. 
On 2 July 2014, BRRD entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant 
entities" being credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding 
companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, 
while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for 
the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement in February 2018 and legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway 
was passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019 at Chapter 
20 of the Financial Institutions Act. The legislation set forth that any further possible supplements and 
regulation of the details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be 
determined through regulations passed by the Ministry under the Financial Institutions Act. On 20 
December 2018, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted changes to the Regulations on financial 
institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 (the "Financial Institutions Regulation") 
setting forth general rules for MREL (see further below). 
Following entry into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank, the DNB Bank Group 
and the DNB Group are now subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution 
tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
time frame and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligation; (iii) 
asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which 
would include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant 
entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims, which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of 
ownership (the "general bail-in tool"), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 33 ---
11/67312202_22 
24 
The BRRD also provides for a relevant Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Subordinated 
Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss 
absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity 
may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD (such as 
cancellation, transfer or dilution). 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or 
(iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is 
an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a relevant Member 
State and to preserve financial stability. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool or, in the case of holders 
of Subordinated Notes, the non-viability loss absorption powers, which may result in such holders losing 
some or all of their investment in the Notes or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their 
investment may otherwise be materially adversely affected. Such application could also involve 
modifications, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity 
date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain 
period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the 
exercise of any power under the BRRD under implementing measures in Norway or any suggestion of such 
exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders. 
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by any actual or anticipated use of 
the powers thereunder in respect of the Bank, the DNB Bank Group, the DNB Group and/or the Notes. Any 
action taken under such legislation in respect of the Bank, the DNB Bank Group or the DNB Group could 
also affect the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may also be written down by the Issuer's shareholders or the Norwegian 
authorities or subject to conversion following a decision from the Norwegian authorities under the 
Financial Institutions Act. 
The Subordinated Notes may be written down or converted following the Norwegian authorities' decision 
to apply resolution tools under Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act. 
Pursuant to section 20-14 of the Financial Institutions Act, the NFSA as resolution authority may, following 
consent from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, adopt a decision to write down or convert capital 
instruments in accordance with Norwegian insolvency legislation if the NFSA determines that: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is likely to fail in the near future; or 
(c) 
the Issuer will require state guarantees.

--- Page 34 ---
11/67312202_22 
25 
The NFSA may only adopt such a decision if there is no reasonable prospect that the situations in (a) to (c) 
in the foregoing paragraph can be prevented by action other than write-down and conversion of own funds. 
Further, a write-down or conversion may not be carried out if the holders of the affected capital instruments 
incur greater losses than if the institution had been wound up pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act 
section 20- 29. 
A decision to write down Subordinated Notes under the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14 shall be 
permanent, but shall not prevent the NFSA from subsequently writing up Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
section 20-16 subsection (3) if the level of write-down based on the preliminary valuation is deemed to 
exceed requirements. Following the write-down of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer be liable 
towards the Noteholders, and no compensation shall be paid to Noteholders other than by conversion to 
shares in the Issuer. 
The write down of the Subordinated Notes under the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14 will affect the 
claims of the Noteholders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims 
of the Noteholders will be in respect of the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes at the 
time of the winding-up of the Issuer and not for the original principal amount. 
Similarly, upon any redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, whether at its option pursuant to 
an Issuer call option under Condition 7(c) (if any) or following the occurrence of a redemption for tax 
reasons in accordance with Condition 7(b), the redemption amount of each Subordinated Note will be its 
outstanding principal amount (together with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its original principal 
amount. The Issuer is not able to reinstate any principal amount of the Subordinated Notes which has been 
written down pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act and, if applicable, the Issuer would be entitled to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or Condition 7(c) (subject to compliance with 
the conditions to such redemption) notwithstanding that the outstanding principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes is less than their original principal amount by virtue of such write-down under the 
Financial Institutions Act. 
In addition, interest will accrue only on the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes from 
time to time and, accordingly, for so long as the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes is 
less than their original principal amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date shall be less than if the Subordinated Notes had not been written down. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment as a result of any write down of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14, other than conversion into 
shares, as the case may be. Accordingly, if the Subordinated Notes are written down under the Financial 
Institutions Act section 20-14, Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Any actual or anticipated use of the powers under the Financial Institutions Act chapter 20 to write down 
or convert the Subordinated Notes will be likely to have a severe adverse effect on the market price of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Capital, including certain Notes, raised or issued by the Bank may not fully count towards the capital 
requirements of the DNB Group. 
Capital, including certain Notes, raised or issued at the Bank level will be recognised at the DNB Group 
level in accordance with the principles set out in Section 3 of CRR. As a result of compliance with this 
principle, the full principal amount of capital raised at the Bank level may not be recognised at the DNB 
Group level. 
This could result in the DNB Group being required to incur the cost of raising more capital to make up for 
any shortfall and to meet the relevant capital requirements. Consequently, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group's financial condition, or require DNB to revise existing business models which 
could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. 
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to the Notes. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant Noteholder, 
and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights.

--- Page 35 ---
11/67312202_22 
26 
While the Senior Preferred Notes rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (other than obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding ("Other Senior Obligations"), certain holders of Other Senior Obligations may have a right 
of set-off or counterclaim against the Issuer which holders of Senior Preferred Notes do not have. This may 
result in holders of Senior Preferred Notes having more limited rights than holders of Other Senior 
Obligations in relation to moneys owed by the Issuer to the relevant holder. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective rate of return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent 
(as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 7(k), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes comprising the relevant Series at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(j) applies, if a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
applicable), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 7(j), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Subordinated Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the Subordinated 
Notes, as the case may be. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
Any redemption or purchase prior to maturity of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that any such 
approval will be forthcoming, and any decision by the Relevant Regulator not to grant its approval shall 
not constitute a default under the Notes or for any other purpose. 
Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Regulation section 11-8, prior permission from the NFSA for 
repurchase and redemption will not be required provided that the Subordinated Notes are replaced with new 
own funds instruments and that the following conditions are met: (i) the instrument is of equal or higher 
quality, (ii) at least corresponds to the repurchased or repaid amount, (iii) is raised prior to the notification

--- Page 36 ---
11/67312202_22 
27 
of the early repurchase or redemption, and (iv) does not have a negative effect on the company's earnings 
(higher interest premiums than existing capital). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised 
by the Issuer. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks 
of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable). There 
can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 the Issuer may, subject to 
obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the relevant Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the 
governing law of Condition 22 from Norwegian law to English law), as the case may be, so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or 
Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as 
further provided in Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m), as the case may be. The Terms and Conditions of 
such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that 
are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided that the relevant 
Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL 
Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. 
In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to the Notes is limited to payments of interest only. 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, Noteholders would 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under the Notes upon redemption, and the market value 
of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible liabilities" 
is subject to uncertainty. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer and the DNB Bank Group. However, there is uncertainty 
regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once 
enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will 
be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that an MREL Disqualification 
Event may occur. See "—Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification 
Event Redemption", "—In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" 
and "—If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective rate of return".

--- Page 37 ---
11/67312202_22 
28 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets 
The Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, relating to a specific Tranche 
of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds of those Notes for projects in 
accordance with the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as it may be amended, replaced and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Green Finance Framework"), which support the transition to a low-carbon and 
climate resilient economy, specifically with respect to financing and refinancing projects related to green 
buildings, renewable energy and clean transportation ("Eligible Projects"). The most recent version of the 
Green Finance Framework, along with the second party opinion relating to such framework, is available on 
the Issuer's website (https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/green-bond-framework). The Green 
Finance Framework shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
A prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes 
together with any other investigation it deems necessary. No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the Dealers that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines 
with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Finance 
Framework. It should be noted that there is currently no consistent definition of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled project nor can any assurance be given 
that a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or the issues the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Projects. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable" or similar labels (including under 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitiate sustainable investment (the 
so-called 'EU Taxonomy')). Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the 
Green Finance Framework and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional 
adviser the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds 
and its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of 
any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus (as defined 
below). Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies 
any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to 
comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible 
Projects, there can be no assurance that such Eligible Projects will be available or capable of being 
implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use the proceeds for 
such Eligible Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Projects will be 
completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally 
expected or anticipated. Any such failure will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or 
otherwise give rise to any claims to the Noteholders, (ii) give holders an option to redeem the Green Bonds 
or (iii) constitute an incentive to redeem. If any such failure were to occur, the Issuer is not under any 
obligation to redeem the Notes or required to take any action if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) Subordinated

--- Page 38 ---
11/67312202_22 
29 
Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. Any Green Bonds may also be subject, as applicable, to any of 
the other risks highlighted in the section "Risks Related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes", 
including bail-in and resolution measures available under the BRRD, see "Regulatory action in the event 
of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes including in a manner which 
may result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a 
different security than the Notes". 
A failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for Eligible 
Projects, the withdrawal of a third party opinion, the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of 
proceeds or Eligible Projects as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa (any such Notes, "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes"), this may affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then-prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then-prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
H. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes refer to provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally, with such provisions set out in full in the Agency Agreement. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Any such modification will be binding on all of the Noteholders of such Series of Notes, notwithstanding 
that they did not consent to such modification, waiver or authorisation. 
The meetings provisions set out in the Agency Agreement also provide that a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the relevant 
series of Notes for the time being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal 
amount of the relevant series of Notes for the time being outstanding, shall also be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic 
consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding on all the holders of such series of Notes, 
whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents in electronic form.

--- Page 39 ---
11/67312202_22 
30 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the holders of the Notes to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement (i) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) which is to correct a manifest error or (iii) which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders 
of Notes and any such modification shall be notified to the holders of Notes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
A major part of the DNB Bank Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered 
bonds issued by Boligkreditt, which once transferred are not available to holders of the Notes in the case 
of insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. 
As of 31 March 2021, net loans to customers in Boligkreditt made up 83.4 per cent. of total net loans to 
personal customers in the DNB Bank Group. Residential mortgages transferred by the Bank to Boligkreditt 
or originated by Boligkreditt through DNB distribution channels comprise the cover pool and thereby serve 
as security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under 
derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, 
these mortgages do not form part of the general assets of the Bank that would be available to holders of the 
Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. The DNB Bank Group intends to cover a 
significant part of its long-term funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, 
which will be secured by mortgages originated by Boligkreditt through DNB Bank’s distribution channels 
and/or by further transfers of retail mortgages from the Bank to Boligkreditt. The Notes are unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, and the holders of Notes are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders 
and such hedge counterparties to the extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have access to this 
cover pool should the Issuer become insolvent or be liquidated. 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each 
Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law and, to the extent specified in 
Condition 21(a), Norwegian law. There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws of England or the laws of Norway, regulations or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes or the interpretation thereof. 
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which 
may have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty 
could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price 
of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, 
including those described above, could have on the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
11/67312202_22 
31 
Investors who purchase Bearer Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
I. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes, 
including on an unsolicited basis. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or

--- Page 41 ---
11/67312202_22 
32 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. If any rating, including any unsolicited credit rating, is assigned 
at a lower level than expected or subsequently is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
In general, EU-regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use (for UK regulatory purposes) ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings will also be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, certain regulated investors may no longer be able 
to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in such regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market. 
K. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Notes 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, this will adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
Reform and regulation of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks". 
Benchmarks such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each, a 
"Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on securities may be linked, are 
subject to ongoing national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation, which was 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016. In addition to the aforementioned regulation,

--- Page 42 ---
11/67312202_22 
33 
there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. In 
addition, in July 2017 the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") in the United Kingdom announced that 
it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a 
result, there is significant regulatory scrutiny of continued use of LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates 
and increasing pressure and momentum for banks and other financial institutions to transition relevant 
products to replacement rates. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors. Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 
31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR settings and for certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and 
USD LIBOR settings, and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. The FCA 
has indicated that it will consult on requiring ICE Benchmark Administrator to continue to publish the 
remaining Sterling and Japanese Yen settings (namely, 1-month, 3-month and 6-month) for a further period 
after the end of 2021 and the remaining USD LIBOR settings (namely 1-month, 3-month and 6-month) for 
a further period after the end of June 2023. The announcement states that consequently, such 1-month, 3-
month and 6-month Sterling, Japanese Yen and USD LIBOR settings will no longer be representative after 
31 December 2021 and 30 June 2023, respectively. 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, 
its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end 
of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for 
an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro 
area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short- 
term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time 
on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to LIBOR or any other Benchmark. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference 
rates or other reforms relating to LIBOR or any other Benchmark may adversely affect the trading market 
for LIBOR or other Benchmark-linked securities. The potential elimination of Benchmarks, the 
establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a Benchmark 
could also require adjustments to the terms of Benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant Benchmark was available 
in its current form. 
Different currency LIBORs are expected to transition to different rates which, in contrast to LIBOR rates 
(which include an interbank lending risk margin) may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which 
may perform very differently from the relevant LIBOR rate. 
For example, in the case of floating rate bonds: 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced GBP-LIBOR are increasingly expected to reference 
the SONIA (currently, this tends to be on the basis of a backward-looking daily compounded SONIA 
rate, although a forward-looking term rate based on SONIA may be developed in the future); 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced USD-LIBOR are expected to move towards 
referencing the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (on the basis, at least initially, of a 
backward-looking compounded daily rate or a weighted average rate); and 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced EURIBOR are expected to move towards referencing 
€STR. 
Additionally, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") has indicated that it intends to develop a 
hybrid methodology for calculating the EURIBOR benchmark and carried out in-depth testing of the

--- Page 43 ---
11/67312202_22 
34 
proposed methodology. On 28 November 2019, EMMI announced that it had successfully completed the 
phase-in of all panel banks to the EURIBOR hybrid methodology. 
These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely, 
to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), create 
disincentives for market participants to continue to administer, have other consequences which may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of the amount payable under the Notes or have other consequences that 
cannot be predicted. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, 
including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; and 
(b) 
if LIBOR or EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest on the 
Notes will be determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 5 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the London interbank 
market (in the case of LIBOR) or in the Euro-zone interbank market (in the case of EURIBOR), 
may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates 
information at the relevant time) and may in certain circumstances result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when LIBOR or EURIBOR 
was available. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Notes due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this 
are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with 
respect to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks 
will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
If LIBOR or any other Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes 
will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the 
consent of such holders be obtained. 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser (Condition 5(d))" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating 
Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero). If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate and/or 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.

--- Page 44 ---
11/67312202_22 
35 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
also provide that an Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, 
so far as is practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of LIBOR or the relevant Original Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread 
and there is no guarantee that the application of the Adjustment Spread will reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders. 
If an Independent Adviser is not appointed or a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate Adjustment Spread or any 
Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, other 
fallback provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may 
in certain circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period continuing to apply at the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period, resulting in the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities. Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and associated Adjustment Spread and associated Benchmark Amendments are determined pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred, for example, if the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is (unlike LIBOR) a "risk-free" rate. 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC (Condition 5(e))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note 
or Reset Note, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the 
Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of holders of 
such Notes be obtained. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark 
Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the 
economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the 
relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. The first 
alternative rate in the waterfall is Term SOFR, a forward-looking rate which will be based on SOFR. 
However, Term SOFR does not exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and there is no guarantee that 
Term SOFR will exist prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date. 
Even if Term SOFR is developed, it is unclear whether it will be a suitable replacement or successor for 
U.S. dollar LIBOR. Assuming Term SOFR does not exist at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and 
related Benchmark Replacement Date, the second alternative rate in the waterfall is Compounded Daily 
SOFR. Compounded Daily SOFR is the compounded average of daily SOFR rates that is expected to be 
calculated in arrears, while U.S. dollar LIBOR is a forward-looking rate. However, there currently is no 
uniform market convention with respect to the calculation of Compounded Daily SOFR. Uncertainty 
surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of Term SOFR and 
Compounded Daily SOFR and whether either alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement or 
successor for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is 
the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, has not been established as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Even after 
the ISDA Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change 
over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" is unavailable

--- Page 45 ---
11/67312202_22 
36 
or indeterminable, the Issuer will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the relevant 
Notes. The substitution of a Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely affect the value 
of and return on the relevant Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC) will become effective without consent from the Noteholders, including with respect to Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. In making these potentially subjective determinations, the Issuer may 
have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the Noteholders, and such determinations may 
adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
In the case of any Notes where "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" or, as the case may 
be, "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC", is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), notwithstanding the other provisions of 
Condition 5(d) or, as the case may be, Condition 5(e), no changes will be made to the rate of interest and/or 
the terms and conditions of such Notes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to: (1) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of (a) Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 
Capital, as the case may, or (2) in the case of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as 
the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest 
will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, or by reference 
to a specified index (all as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Investors should be 
aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate 
in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA 
and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). The nascent development of 
SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued development 
of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for bonds continues to develop both 
in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure 
for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR. In particular, 
investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes 
issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable to Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, that are issued under the Programme. In addition, the methodology 
for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain 
Notes may be calculated may change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future 
issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the bond markets may differ materially compared with 
the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR.

--- Page 46 ---
11/67312202_22 
37 
Overnight rates differ from inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history. 
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including that overnight rates are 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that LIBOR or EURIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables 
and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It 
may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to 
IBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 
10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR 
or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrators of SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR.

--- Page 47 ---
11/67312202_22 
38 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be published. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Description: ................................  
DNB Bank ASA, a public limited company (in Norwegian: 
allmennaksjeselskap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom 
of Norway on 10 September 2002 with registration number 984 851 
006. The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): .......................................  
 
549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description: ................................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: ....................................  
Goldman Sachs International  
Dealers: ......................................  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Nomura International plc 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Registrar: ....................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: ......................................  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Account Manager: ..............  
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
Size: ............................................  
Up to €45,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in "General Description of the Programme") 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.

--- Page 48 ---
11/67312202_22 
39 
Distribution: ...............................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: .................................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen or 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: ..................................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Unless otherwise permitted by then-current laws, 
regulations and directives, Subordinated Notes will have a minimum 
maturity of at least five years. 
Issue Price: .................................  
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: ...........................  
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as described in 
"Form of the Notes" below. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
will be initially represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to 
the Issue Date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Notes are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
Issue Date to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Temporary Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or Bearer Notes in definitive form, 
in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
 
Each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes will initially be represented 
by a Swiss Global Note which will be deposited on or about the issue 
date of the Tranche with the Intermediary. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either (i) a 
Reg. S Global Note, deposited with a custodian for, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants or deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, (ii) a Restricted Global Note, deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or 
(iii) (in the case of Registered Notes sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors) Registered Notes in definitive form, registered in the 
name of the holder thereof. 
 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and vice 
versa.

--- Page 49 ---
11/67312202_22 
40 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. 
Fixed Rate Notes: .......................  
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: ...................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., including, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Exempt Notes, on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Reset Notes: ...............................  
Notes may have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial 
fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference 
to a Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Specified Currency, a Reference 
Bond Rate or the CMT Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 50 ---
11/67312202_22 
41 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Reset Notes 
and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) and on redemption, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes: ...................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: ............................  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: ...............................  
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will indicate the redemption amount, the 
scheduled maturity date (which in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
must be at least five years after the issue date in respect of such 
Notes) and will also indicate whether the relevant Notes can be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call") 
(which, in respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior 
to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date) and/or (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes) at the option of the Noteholders ("Investor 
Put"), in each case upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' irrevocable notice (or, if applicable, not less than any other 
minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period 
of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, at the maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
terms as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Where, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specify that Condition 7(j) applies, if a Capital Event 
occurs in respect of such Series, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem 
Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator, if then required). 
 
Where, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(m) 
applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs in respect of such 
Series, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem such Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be (subject to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator, if then 
required). 
 
No early redemption of (i) Senior Preferred Notes (other than in the 
case of an Investor Put), (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (iii)

--- Page 51 ---
11/67312202_22 
42 
Subordinated Notes may take place without the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such 
permission is required). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ......  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in 
relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 5(d). 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC Fallbacks (Condition 5(e))" 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in 
relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, 
the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with the benchmark transition provisions as described in Condition 
5(e). 
Denomination of Notes: .............  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the time of issue) or such other amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
regulatory authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
The minimum denomination of each Note sold, resold or transferred 
to an Institutional Accredited Investor will be U.S.$500,000 or its 
equivalent in other Specified Currencies. 
Taxation: ....................................  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Norwegian 
withholding taxes unless required by law. If such withholdings are 
required by Norwegian law, the Issuer will in certain circumstances, 
and in respect of payments of interest only, pay certain additional 
amounts as described in, and subject to the exceptions set out in, 
Condition 8. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
deduction or withholding required by FATCA, as provided in 
Condition 6(b), but without prejudice to Condition 8. 
Negative Pledge: ........................  
The Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross-Default: ............................  
None. 
 
The Notes contain very limited events of default.

--- Page 52 ---
11/67312202_22 
43 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: ......................................  
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, from 
time to time outstanding. See Condition 2. 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: .......................  
 
The 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
 
Subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up, 
as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), claims of the 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes against the Issuer in respect 
of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
amounts attributable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall 
rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity 
Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any; 
 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and 
 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
 
At any time after the Creditor Hierarchy Directive has been 
implemented in Norway, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by 
providing notice (the "Ranking Notice") to the relevant Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16, specify that (subject to the laws of 
Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with any other 
outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within 
the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the 
lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, 
as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the 
date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, 
should there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking 
which may be introduced in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the ranking as 
set out in the paragraph above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
 
See Condition 3. 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: ......................................  
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute dated, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes will, upon 
issue, qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Group.  
For so long as the Subordinated Notes or any part thereof qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, they

--- Page 53 ---
11/67312202_22 
44 
will constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall rank 
accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(b).  
If, at any time, the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator determines that 
the Subordinated Notes have ceased to be, or are not, Qualifying 
Tier 2 Obligations, they shall upon such determination immediately 
and automatically (without any need for any further action on the 
part of the Issuer or the consent or approval of any holder of 
Subordinated Notes) become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and 
shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of 
Claims set out in Condition 4(b).  
If, at any time after the Notes have become Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations, the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator determines that 
they re-qualify as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, then they shall 
immediately and automatically (without any need for any further 
action on the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval of any 
Noteholder) constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with 
effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set 
out in Condition 4(b). 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration (except, in any such case, an 
Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
(including claims for any amounts attributable to the Subordinated 
Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and, subject to applicable law (and subject as provided 
in Condition 4(c) with respect to Legacy Subordinated Obligations), 
as either Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations (as applicable) in accordance with the Priority of Claims 
described in Condition 4(b). 
 
See Condition 4. 
Loss Absorption under BRRD: ..  
The BRRD was implemented in Norway with effect from 1 January 
2019. Under the BRRD, the Norwegian resolution authorities have 
extensive powers to resolve failing banks. Any such action (or 
anticipated action) taken in respect of the Issuer, its group and/or the 
Notes could result in Noteholders losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. See "Risk Factors—Regulatory action in 
the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect 
the value of the Notes including in a manner which may result in 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in 
the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes".  
No right of set-off or 
counterclaim: ...........................  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or 
counterclaim against monies owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes held by such holder of Notes. 
Subordinated Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: ........  
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(l) applies, if 
at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), (if, and to the 
extent, so required), either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes of a Series for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(l)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(l).

--- Page 54 ---
11/67312202_22 
45 
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: ........  
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(m) applies, 
if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), (if applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) for, or vary their terms so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(m)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(m). 
Ratings: ......................................  
The Programme has been rated AA- (Senior Preferred Notes), A 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes), A- (Subordinated Notes) and A-1+ 
(short-term) by S&P and (P)Aa2 (Senior Preferred Notes), (P)Baa1 
(Subordinated Notes) and (P)P-1 (short-term) by Moody's. S&P is 
established in the EU and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Moody's is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ...................................  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes and Swiss 
Domestic Notes) within the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. Any such applications will be in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS Notes 
on the Oslo Stock Exchange, Oslo Børs ("Oslo Stock Exchange") 
from time to time. 
 
In addition, application will be made, pursuant to article 54 FinSA, 
to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Upon 
specific request, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Swiss Domestic Notes may be listed 
only on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Exempt Notes may only be admitted to listing or trading on non-
EEA stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: .........................  
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or 
in connection therewith, will be governed by, and construed in

--- Page 55 ---
11/67312202_22 
46 
accordance with, English law except for (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; (iii) the provisions 
of Condition 4; (iv) the provisions of Condition 11; (v) the 
provisions of Condition 22 and (vi) any other write-down or 
conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and 
regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time, which in each 
case shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act relating to Central 
Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement of 15 March 2019 
no.6., as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes 
will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation.  
Agreement with Respect to the 
exercise of Norwegian Bail-in 
Powers: …………………….. 
By its acquisition of any Note, each holder of Notes acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to (i) the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority which could include and result 
in (without limitation) (a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
Relevant Amounts in respect of any Notes, (b) the conversion of all, 
or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of any Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of any Notes, (c) the 
cancellation of any Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of any 
Notes, and (d) the amendment or alteration of the duration of any 
Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on any Notes, 
or the dates on which interest may become payable, including by 
suspending or cancelling payment for a temporary period and (ii) the 
variation of the terms of any Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and/or to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 22. 
Selling Restrictions: ...................  
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Norway, Singapore, Canada, Japan and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: .............................  
For United States securities law purposes only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Notes will be issued in 
accordance with TEFRA D, TEFRA D (Swiss Exemption) or 
TEFRA C unless TEFRA is not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C unless TEFRA is not applicable. 
MiFID product governance / UK 
MiFIR product governance / 
PRIIPs Regulation / UK 
PRIIPs Regulation: ………….. 
The Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend titled "MiFID II product 
governance" and may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR product 
governance", which (in each case) will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
If the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to

--- Page 56 ---
11/67312202_22 
47 
EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor (as described in 
"Subscription and Sale" below) in, respectively, the EEA and/or in 
the UK, and no key information document under the PRIIPs 
Regulation and/or, as the case may be, the UK PRIIPs Regulation 
will be prepared. 
Use of proceeds: .........................  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of Notes issued by the Issuer may be used to finance 
or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects under the Green 
Finance Framework.

--- Page 57 ---
11/67312202_22 
48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank, 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/results/DNB_Bank_annual_report_2020.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/Annual%20Report%20DNB%20Bank%202019.pdf), 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as approved by the EU 
(referred to herein as "IFRS") pursuant to the Norwegian Accounting Act § 3-9 including the 
information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's 'Annual Report 2020' and 'Annual Report 
2019', respectively: 
 
2020 
2019 
Income statement 
page 11 
page 9 
Comprehensive income statement 
page 12 
page 10 
Balance sheet 
page 13 
page 11 
Statement of changes in equity 
pages 14-15 
pages 12-13 
Cash flow statement 
page 16 
page 14 
Accounting principles 
pages 17 – 25 
pages 15 - 24 
Other notes to the accounts 
pages 25 - 108 
pages 24 - 106 
Auditor's report 
pages 110 - 114 
pages 108 - 112 
 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 
March 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/dnb_bank_1Q21.pdf); 
(c) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from the following prospectuses/base 
prospectuses/offering circulars relating to the Programme: 
(i) 
Prospectus dated 7 September 2011 (pages 67-104 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/funding/emtn_programme_eur45billion_dated_september7_2011.pdf); 
(ii) 
Prospectus dated 9 October 2012 (pages 56-94 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/funding/EMTN_PROGRAMME_EUR45BILLION_dated_9_october_2012.pdf); 
(iii) 
Prospectus dated 9 October 2013 (pages 61-106 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/funding/DNB_Bank_ASA_2013_Base_Prospectus.pdf); 
(iv) 
Prospectus dated 14 November 2014 (pages 60-103 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/presentations/2014/DNB_Prospectus_EMTN_program_limit_EUR_45billion_14no
v2014.pdf); 
(v) 
Prospectus dated 20 May 2015 (pages 62-105 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/presentations/2015/DNB_Bank_EMTN_programme_2015_Final.pdf); 
(vi) 
Prospectus dated 14 June 2016 (pages 78-122 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-us/ir/funding/emnt-program-2016.pdf); 
(vii) 
Prospectus dated 16 June 2017 (pages 81-126 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
http://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/disclaimer-files/DNB_Bank_ASA-
_Final_Prospectus.pdf);

--- Page 58 ---
11/67312202_22 
49 
(viii) 
Prospectus dated 12 September 2018 (pages 87-136 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_Bank_ASA_-
_Final_Base_Prospectus_2018.pdf); 
(ix) 
Prospectus dated 28 January 2019 (pages 90-146 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_EMTN_update_2019_-_FINAL_-
_Base_Prospectus.pdf); and 
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2020 (pages 84-150 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_EMTN_U20_-_Prospectus.pdf). 
Any other information not listed in (a), (b) and (c) above but incorporated by reference is for information 
purposes only. Any non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for 
an investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be prepared 
by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained upon request, free 
of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time 
being in London. 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and 
Sale") that, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes or 
any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
11/67312202_22 
50 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes is set out in 
"Overview of the Programme" above. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as modified by Part A of 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement attached to, or 
endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will only be valid for listing Notes on 
Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange in the EEA or on the SIX Swiss Exchange, in an aggregate 
nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes 
previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €45,000,000,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to the 
relevant Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which 
agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London, in each case on the basis 
of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer 
on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes) and other Notes 
issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference 
to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 60 ---
11/67312202_22 
51 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated 
book-entry form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note without Coupons or Talons (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes") which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchanged either for interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (subject to such notice period as is specified in the Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), for definitive Bearer Notes on or after the date (the 
"Exchange Date") which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and 
(ii) 40 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche. Such exchange will be made only 
upon delivery of written certification to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to 
the effect that the beneficial owner of such Notes is not located in the United States and is not a U.S. person 
or other person who has purchased such Notes for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. persons and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has given a like certification (based on the 
certification it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Notes occurs whilst such Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent 
that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any further requirement for certification. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes 
of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that 
either (i) a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached upon not less than 60 
days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as 
described therein, or (ii) a Permanent Bearer Global Note (which is not a Swiss Domestic Note) will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, 
Coupons and Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. 
"Exchange Event" means (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available, or (iii) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 
8 which would not be required were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in 
definitive bearer form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or

--- Page 61 ---
11/67312202_22 
52 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The above exchange option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction 
is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by Temporary 
Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Swiss Domestic Notes 
Swiss Domestic Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be represented upon issue by a Swiss Global 
Note. The Swiss Global Note shall be signed by the Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of the Swiss 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The Swiss Global Note will be deposited by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent on or about the issue date of 
the Tranche with the Intermediary in accordance with standard Swiss market practice until final redemption 
of the Swiss Domestic Notes or the printing of definitive Bearer Notes in respect thereof. Payments of 
principal, interest (if any), or any other amounts on a Swiss Global Note will be made through the 
Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and the accounts of one or more participants 
of the Intermediary have been credited in accordance therewith, the Swiss Domestic Notes will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in accordance with the provisions of 
the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Noteholder shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss Global Note 
to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains 
deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Domestic 
Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the entry of the transferred Swiss 
Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held through each 
participant in that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated 
Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the persons holding such Swiss Domestic Notes 
in a securities account in their own name, or in the case of Intermediaries, the Intermediaries holding the 
Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities account which is in their name. The terms 
"Noteholder" and "holder" of Swiss Domestic Notes and related expressions as used herein shall, in 
relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, be construed 
accordingly, other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on Swiss Domestic Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the Swiss Global Note shall be treated as the holder of such Swiss Domestic 
Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Swiss Global Note. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of definitive 
Bearer Notes. Interests in the Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes if the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (i) determines that the presentation of definitive 
Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the 
enforcement of rights, or (ii) deems the printing and delivery of definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or 
desirable for any other reason. Should the Swiss Principal Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for 
the printing of definitive Bearer Notes without cost to the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Swiss Global Note will be cancelled and the definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the 
holders against cancellation of the Swiss Domestic Notes in the holders' securities accounts.

--- Page 62 ---
11/67312202_22 
53 
General provisions applicable to Bearer Notes 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons which have an original maturity 
of more than one year (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes): 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons. 
Form of Registered Notes 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Reg. S Global Note, which will either 
(i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Reg. S Global Note may not be offered or sold 
within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in 
Condition 14 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
Reg. S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series may only be offered and sold in the United States or to 
U.S. persons in private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors who agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Global Note which will be deposited 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof. The Restricted Global Note and the Registered Notes in 
definitive form issued to Institutional Accredited Investors will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the persons 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in Brussels) immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of 
interest on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the person in whose name 
such Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(c)) immediately preceding such 
payment date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Notes will be made to the 
person shown on the register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 63 ---
11/67312202_22 
54 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Form of VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of VPS Notes, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the 
"VPS Letter"), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, in the form of Pricing Supplement attached thereto. On notification to the 
VPS Account Manager of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS 
Account Manager will credit each subscriber's subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
General 
Save as provided in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes, for so 
long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or so long as DTC or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note, or so 
long as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or 
the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing system as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not 
being VPS Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose, in 
the case of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note, in 
the case of Registered Global Notes, the registered holder or, in the case of Notes where DTC or its nominee 
is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or its nominee shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder 
of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
and/or the Intermediary, as applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary 
and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with the ICSDs in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form or to 
be held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS") that the Issuer may request be made eligible for 
settlement with the ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that 
the ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the 
issue outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer's request, produce a statement for the Issuer's use 
showing the local nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of a specified date. 
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will also indicate 
whether such global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Any indication that the global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the

--- Page 64 ---
11/67312202_22 
55 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 65 ---
11/67312202_22 
56 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 [("EUWA")] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any Distributor should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes [are]/[are not] "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale

--- Page 66 ---
11/67312202_22 
57 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 1 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") ([together,] the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the 
"Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of a Series which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in 
the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation ([together,] the 
"Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published 
on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
The Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation has 
approved the Base Prospectus as having been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
                                                          
 
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 67 ---
11/67312202_22 
58 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [•] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about (date)] [Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
Series: 
[•] 
 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from (insert date) (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] [and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].] 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount) 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
(Fixed rate or reset rate – specify date/Floating Rate 
– Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
(specify month)) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [LIBOR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / 
SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SONIA / SOFR] +/- [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[14/15/16/17]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the

--- Page 68 ---
11/67312202_22 
59 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. / [•] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there) [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[18/19])] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
interest periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 69 ---
11/67312202_22 
60 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[•] month [LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / 
SOFR / SONIA / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / 
SONIA / SOFR]]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged 
CMS Reference Rate/Steepner CMS Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
CMS 
Reference Rate] 
(Delete remaining paragraphs under "Reference 
Rate and Relevant Financial Centre" unless the 
Notes are CMS Interest Linked Notes) 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London / Brussels / 
Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / Tokyo / Hong 
Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [•]/[The CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be "CMS Rate 1" 
and the CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of 
[•] shall be "CMS Rate 2"] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
 
Specified Time: [•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen 
/ Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/[•]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be 'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
11/67312202_22 
61 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro 
LIBOR)): [Second London business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of Sterling LIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR): [Second 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3) 
applies] [The date falling [•] London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due] 
 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5) 
applies] [The date falling [•] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or other date on which the 
relevant payment falls due]

--- Page 71 ---
11/67312202_22 
62 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of each 
interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify type 
of day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
"p" 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall back provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
• 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period. In the case of a 
CMS Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the 
first day of each Interest Period and if otherwise to 
be checked) 
 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time) 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 72 ---
11/67312202_22 
63 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC 
is 
"Applicable") 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
(a) "SOFR" or (b) LIBOR (and, in the case of 
LIBOR, the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars), 
"Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should be 
specified as applicable) 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up, from and including [•]]  
to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT 
Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
11/67312202_22 
64 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xxiii) 
Reset 
Determination 
 
Time:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) CMT 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC 
is 
"Applicable") 
 
(xxvii) Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
(a) "SOFR" or (b) LIBOR (and, in the case of 
LIBOR, the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars), 
"Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should be 
specified as applicable) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 74 ---
11/67312202_22 
65 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition 7(c): 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not 
less than 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]]

--- Page 75 ---
11/67312202_22 
66 
 
 
[Reg. S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC] 
 
 
[Definitive Registered Notes] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry 
form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 15(iv) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
11/67312202_22 
67 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo 
Stock Exchange] and listed on the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from [•]] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue use:) 
 
 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to the official list of [Euronext Dublin] [Oslo Stock 
Exchange] on [•]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated (insert details) by (insert credit rating agency name(s) 
and associated defined terms). Each of (defined terms) is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. However, the application 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 
(insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate that applied 
for registration), which is established in the European Union, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of (insert 
credit rating agency).] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. The ratings [[have

--- Page 77 ---
11/67312202_22 
68 
been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by (insert the name of 
the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. (Insert the 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but it is certified in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Need to include a 
description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest.) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP Number: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and SIX SIS Ltd 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes]

--- Page 78 ---
11/67312202_22 
69 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the NSS,] (include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS] (include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS). Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C unless TEFRA is not applicable) 
 
[(vi) 
Whether sales to QIBs 
under 
Rule 
144A 
and/or 
private 
placement 
sales 
to 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/Rule 144A and Institutional 
Accredited Investors/No]

--- Page 79 ---
11/67312202_22 
70 
Institutional 
Accredited Investors in 
the United States are 
permitted to be made:] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION: 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated 
by reference to [specify benchmark] / [in the case of Reset 
Notes, insert name[s] of benchmark(s)]], which [is/are] 
provided by [insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")].] 
[(repeat as necessary)]] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] /[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.]

--- Page 80 ---
11/67312202_22 
71 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes are intended to be used towards Eligible 
Projects under the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. See the 
second paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus 
for further details.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 81 ---
11/67312202_22 
72 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes [are]/[are not] "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 2 
[Date] 
                                                          
 
2 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 82 ---
11/67312202_22 
73 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus].3 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [•]below, which is expected to 
occur on or about (date)] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[Series: 
[•] 
 
[Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from (insert date) (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•][and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
                                                          
 
3 
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a 
Prospectus with a different date.

--- Page 83 ---
11/67312202_22 
74 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount) 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
(Fixed rate or reset rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to (specify 
month)) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month [LIBOR / EURIBOR / SONIA / SOFR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR 
/ PRIBOR / BBSW / SONIA / SOFR / other] [+/-[•] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[14/15/16/17]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. / [•] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there) [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[18/19])] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date

--- Page 84 ---
11/67312202_22 
75 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular interest 
periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[•] month [LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
SONIA / SOFR / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR 
/ HIBOR /SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SONIA / 
SOFR]]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call CMS Reference Rate] 
(Delete remaining paragraphs under "Reference Rate 
and Relevant Financial Centre" unless the Notes are 
CMS Interest Linked Notes) 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London / Brussels / 
Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / Tokyo / Hong Kong / 
Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [•]/[The CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be "CMS Rate 1" and 
the CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [•] shall 
be "CMS Rate 2"]

--- Page 85 ---
11/67312202_22 
76 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
 
Specified Time: [•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / 
Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/[•]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number 
of days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be 
'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro 
LIBOR)): [Second London business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of Sterling LIBOR): [First day of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR): [Second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 86 ---
11/67312202_22 
77 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3) 
applies] [The date falling [•] London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due] 
 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5) applies] 
[The date falling [•] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or other date on which the relevant payment falls 
due] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the TARGET2 
system is open prior to the start of each interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second (specify type of 
day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
"p": 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall back provisions appropriately) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
• 
CMS 
Rate 
definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]

--- Page 87 ---
11/67312202_22 
78 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS 
Linked Interest Note, if based on euro then the first day 
of each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser 
(Condition 5(d)): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC is "Applicable") 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is (a) 
"SOFR" or (b) LIBOR (and, in the case of LIBOR, the 
Specified Currency is U.S. dollars), "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC" should be specified as 
applicable)

--- Page 88 ---
11/67312202_22 
79 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up[, from and including [•]] to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference 
Rate Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior Rate of Interest or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
11/67312202_22 
80 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xxiii) Reset Determination Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) CMT Reset Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Benchmark Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser 
(Condition 5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC is "Applicable") 
 
(xxvii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is (a) 
"SOFR" or (b) LIBOR (and, in the case of LIBOR, the 
Specified Currency is U.S. dollars), "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC" should be specified as 
applicable) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 90 ---
11/67312202_22 
81 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Higher Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as 
set out in Condition 7(c): 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not less than 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date 
on [•] days' notice given at any time]] 
 
 
[Swiss Global Note] 
 
 
[Reg. S Global Note ([•] nominal amount) registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note ([•] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
 
 
[Definitive Registered Notes] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry form]

--- Page 91 ---
11/67312202_22 
82 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 15(iv) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
25. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]] 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 92 ---
11/67312202_22 
83 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
with effect from [•]. The last trading day is expected to be 
(two business days prior to the Maturity Date). 
 
 
Application for definitive listing on the standard for bonds 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable and, if granted, will only be granted after the 
Issue Date. 
 
 
Representation 
 
 
In accordance with Article 58a of the Listing Rules of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, [          ] has been appointed by the 
Issuer as representative to lodge the listing application with 
the SIX Exchange Regulation. 
 
 
Documents Available 
 
 
Copies of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus 
are available at [•].] 
 
 
(Need to include for Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)] 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of the 
Notes are different to those stated in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] / [See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended to be used towards 
Eligible Projects under the Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework. See the second paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Base Prospectus for further details.] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds:

--- Page 93 ---
11/67312202_22 
84 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Swiss Security Number: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
CUSIP Number: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and SIX SIS Ltd 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (including, in 
the 
case 
of 
Swiss 
Domestic 
Notes, 
the 
Swiss Principal Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying 
Agent(s)) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] (include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS) and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be

--- Page 94 ---
11/67312202_22 
85 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS] 
(include this text for Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS). Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
D 
(Swiss 
Exemption)/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. TEFRA D (Swiss Exemption) is available for Swiss 
Domestic Notes only) 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C) 
 
[(vi) 
Whether sales to QIBs 
under Rule 144A and/or 
private placement sales 
to 
Institutional 
Accredited Investors in 
the United States are 
permitted to be made:] 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/Rule 144A and Institutional 
Accredited Investors/No] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or 
the Notes do constitute packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged"

--- Page 95 ---
11/67312202_22 
86 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
[INFORMATION IN RELATION TO SWISS DOMESTIC NOTES AND NOTES 
LISTED ON THE SIX SWISS EXCHANGE ONLY: 
 
(i) 
No Material Change: 
There has been no material change in the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits or losses since (insert 
date of most recent annual or interim financial statements). 
 
(ii) 
Notices: 
For so long as any Swiss Global Note representing the Notes 
is deposited with the Intermediary [and in the event that the 
Notes are no longer listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange], any 
notices or publications to be made to holders will be made 
as provided in Condition 16 by publishing the relevant 
notice on the following website: [•]. 
[Wording to be included in the Pricing Supplement that only 
the Base Prospectus and the Pricing Supplement together 
form the listing prospectus as per the listing rules of the SIX 
Swiss Exchange.] 
 
(iii) 
Notices to the Issuer: 
[specify/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 96 ---
11/67312202_22 
87 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer and any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: "DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the New 
York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
"clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing 
agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the United States Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants"), including 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need 
for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number 
of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc., 
and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below 
and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which 
beneficial owners of DTC Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner") have accounts with respect to the DTC 
Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf 
of their respective Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue 
of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments on behalf of, and will be able to transfer the interest of, the Beneficial Owners in respect of the 
DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner 
is in turn recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' records. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
written confirmation from DTC of their purchase but are expected to receive written confirmations 
regarding details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or 
Indirect Participants through which the Beneficial Owners entered into the transaction. Transfers of 
ownership interests in the DTC Notes are accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership 
interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that the use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is 
discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge 
of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings 
on behalf of their customers.

--- Page 97 ---
11/67312202_22 
88 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC. DTC's 
practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts, upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, on the payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on the payment date. Payments by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants and by Direct 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such Direct Participants and Indirect Participants and not of DTC, the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to Cede & Co. is the responsibility of the Issuer 
or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or Paying Agent, as the case may be. Disbursement of payment 
received by DTC to Direct Participants shall be the responsibility of DTC. 
The laws of some states within the United States may require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, any transfer of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
to such persons may require that such interests be exchanged for Registered Notes in definitive form. 
Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants which, in turn, act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, the ability of a person having a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take action in respect 
of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical registered certificate. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to DTC Notes at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. Under such 
circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained, Registered Notes in 
definitive form would be delivered to individual Beneficial Owners. In addition, the Issuer may decide to 
discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depositary). 
In that event, Registered Notes in definitive form would be delivered to individual Beneficial Owners. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.

--- Page 98 ---
11/67312202_22 
89 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics, which are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions) are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions will be 
applicable to each VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title 
other than statements of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer 
effected only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the VPS. Part A of the applicable 
Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form 
of the Notes" for a description of the content of the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing 
Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Notes), definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a 
global Note; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Notes) definitive Registered Notes; 
(iv) 
any global Note (including a Swiss Global Note (as defined below)); and 
(v) 
Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen 
("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", respectively). 
References herein to "Exempt Notes" shall be references to Notes (including Swiss Domestic Notes (as 
defined below)) for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (such Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 12 May 2021, and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent, agent bank and paying agent (the "Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent, and together with any additional paying agents, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent", which expressions shall include any successor paying agents), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Exchange Agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor exchange agent), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as transfer agent 
(together with any additional transfer agents the "Transfer Agents" and each a "Transfer Agent" which 
expressions shall include any successor transfer agent). Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and 
held in uncertificated book-entry form in accounts with the VPS. DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice (the 
"VPS Account Manager") will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes. 
In respect of each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Swiss principal paying agent (the "Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent") and the other Swiss paying agents (together with the Swiss Principal Paying Agent, the 
"Swiss Paying Agents") for such Swiss Domestic Notes will be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. All references herein to the "Agent" and the "Paying Agents" shall, so far as the context 
permits, be deemed to include, respectively, the Swiss Principal Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agents 
and/or any other paying agent appointed in Switzerland from time to time in connection with the Swiss 
Domestic Notes. In respect of each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Issuer shall enter into a

--- Page 99 ---
11/67312202_22 
90 
Supplemental Agency Agreement (substantially in the form of Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement) with, 
inter alia, the Swiss Paying Agents, copies of which will be obtainable during normal business hours at the 
specified offices of the Swiss Paying Agents. 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
The final terms of this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in, (i) in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes which 
completes these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") which replaces or modifies these Terms and Conditions and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Exempt Note. References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" or, as the case may be, to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" are to Part A 
of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) or, as the case may be, to the Pricing Supplement (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any references in these 
Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no global or definitive 
Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Terms and Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (in each case, as 
such terms are specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (as amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 12 May 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of 
the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours 
by prior appointment at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If 
this Note is admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market, the applicable Final Terms will also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms 
and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the 
event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will prevail.

--- Page 100 ---
11/67312202_22 
91 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Save as provided in 
Condition 13, Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note (which term shall include a CMS Linked 
Interest Note if this Note is specified as being a CMS Linked Interest Note in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), a Reset Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note is a Preferred Note, a Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph, and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. The 
holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the 
VPS. Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS. Where a 
nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Save as provided below in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes, for so long as any of the Notes is 
represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or for so long as The Depository Trust 
Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or so long 
as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
or the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such 
clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, 
save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being VPS 
Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose, in the 
case of Notes represented by a bearer global Note, the bearer of the relevant bearer global Note or, 
in the case of Notes represented by Registered Global Notes, the registered holder or, in the case 
of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, DTC or its nominee 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 101 ---
11/67312202_22 
92 
Bearer Notes which are denominated in Swiss Francs may be represented upon issue by a 
permanent bearer global note (a "Swiss Global Note") substantially in the form set out in Schedule 
7 to the Agency Agreement ("Swiss Domestic Notes"). The Swiss Global Note will be deposited 
with SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") 
or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purpose by the SIX Swiss Exchange 
Ltd (the "SIX Swiss Exchange") (SIS or any such other intermediary, the "Intermediary") until 
final redemption of the Swiss Domestic Notes or the printing of definitive Bearer Notes. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Intermediary have been credited in accordance therewith, the Swiss Domestic 
Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Noteholder shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss 
Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Swiss 
Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended 
and the Swiss Domestic Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with 
the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the 
entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held through 
each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the persons holding such 
Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account in their own name, or in the case of Intermediaries, 
the Intermediaries holding the Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities account 
which is in their name. The terms "Noteholder" and "holder" of Swiss Domestic Notes and related 
expressions as used herein shall, in relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, be construed accordingly, other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on Swiss Domestic Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the Swiss Global 
Note shall be treated as the holder of such Swiss Domestic Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Swiss Global Note. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of 
definitive Bearer Notes. Interests in the Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Bearer Notes if the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (i) determines that the 
presentation of definitive Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and 
regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and delivery of 
definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Bearer Notes without cost 
to the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Bearer Notes, the Swiss Global Note will be 
cancelled and the definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the holders against cancellation of 
the Swiss Domestic Notes in the holders' securities accounts. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary and/or the VPS, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary 
and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to "Notes" in this 
Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly. 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at 
least equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of

--- Page 102 ---
11/67312202_22 
93 
the Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and with all its unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of third parties, in each case except for 
any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law. 
3. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to "Notes" 
and "Noteholders" in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and 
will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
Subject as set out in Condition 3(c) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, an 
Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders of Notes against the Issuer in respect of or 
arising under the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory 
Non-Preferred Claims, if any; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
At any time after the Creditor Hierarchy Directive has been implemented in Norway, the 
Issuer may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the "Ranking Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) 
the Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall 
rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority 
ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of 
doubt, should there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking which may be 
introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, 
if any, and the ranking as set out in Condition 3(b) above, such statutory ranking shall 
prevail). 
(d) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May, 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June, 2014 (or, as the 
case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by 
the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and amendments to such Directive resulting from 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 
2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any 
equivalent legislation.

--- Page 103 ---
11/67312202_22 
94 
"Excluded Winding-up" means a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the 
Issuer solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the 
Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of 
the holders of the Notes and do not provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or 
repayable. 
"Non-Preferred Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and 
any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed to rank, junior to the Notes (including, 
inter alia, Subordinated Notes and Disqualified Subordinated Parity Securities and 
Qualifying Subordinated Parity Securities (each as defined in Condition 4)). 
"Non-Preferred Parity Securities" means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Notes. 
"Senior Creditors" means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors 
in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, 
if any. 
"Statutory Non-Preferred Claims" means, upon Norway adopting legislation 
introducing a senior non-preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the 
BRRD (as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European parliament and the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance, explicitly refers to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
4. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes  
This Condition 4 applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to "Notes", 
"Noteholders" and "holders" in this Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Notes will, upon issue, qualify as Tier 2 Capital of 
the Issuer and the Group.  
For so long as the Notes or any part thereof qualifies (or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group, they will constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall rank accordingly in the 
Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(b) below.  
If, at any time, the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator determines that the Notes have ceased 
to be, or are not, Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, they shall upon such determination 
immediately and automatically (without any need for any further action on the part of the 
Issuer or the consent or approval of any Noteholder) become Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims 
set out in Condition 4(b) below. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 if the Notes become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations, but

--- Page 104 ---
11/67312202_22 
95 
any delay or failure in giving such notice shall not affect the change in status and ranking 
of the Notes from Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations to Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations. 
(b) 
If, at any time after the Notes have become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations, the Issuer or 
the Relevant Regulator determines that they re-qualify  as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, 
then they shall immediately and automatically (without any need for any further action on 
the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval of any Noteholder) constitute Qualifying 
Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of 
Claims set out in Condition 4(b) below. The Issuer shall promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if the Notes re-qualify as Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations, but any delay or failure in giving such notice shall not affect the change in 
status and ranking of the Notes from Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations to Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations.Ranking of the Subordinated Notes 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders 
of the Notes (including claims for any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and, subject to applicable law (and subject as provided in 
Condition 4(c) below with respect to Legacy Subordinated Obligations), as either 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations (as applicable) in 
accordance with the following priority of claims (the "Priority of Claims"): 
(i) 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred 
Claims; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations; 
(ii) 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in 
respect of Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; 
(iii) 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations 
shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Qualifying Additional Tier 
1 Obligations; 
(iv) 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of (1) all 
classes of share capital of the Issuer  and (2) any other obligations of the Issuer 
which by their terms or operation of law rank junior to claims in respect of 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations. 
Nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer from having outstanding or creating 
obligations from time to time which, by their terms or operation of law, rank above or 
below (including in-between) any of the respective rankings of any of the obligations 
referenced in the above Priority of Claims.  
(c) 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations 
If, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), there are outstanding 
any Legacy Subordinated Obligations the ranking of which, in the good faith 
determination of the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or the relevant insolvency official of

--- Page 105 ---
11/67312202_22 
96 
the Issuer (which determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the 
Issuer and the holders of the Notes), cannot be reconciled with the Priority of Claims 
specified above, then, subject to applicable law: 
(i) 
the ranking of the Subordinated Notes and all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer other than Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined in 
accordance with the above Priority of Claims as if such Legacy Subordinated 
Obligations were not outstanding; and 
(ii) 
the ranking of the Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined on the 
basis of the terms thereof and on the assumption (whether or not this is the case) 
that the Subordinated Notes are Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations at such time. 
(d) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital” means Additional Tier 1 capital as described in Chapter 3 of 
the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, implemented into Norwegian law through the 
Calculation Regulations section 2, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Calculation Regulations” means Norwegian Regulation 2014-08-22 No. 1097 on 
capital requirements and national adaption of CRR/VRD IV (FOR 2014-08-22 nr 1097: 
Forskrift om kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV), as amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
“Common Equity Tier 1 Capital” means Common Equity Tier 1 capital as defined in 
the Calculation Regulation section 5 (ren kjernekapital). 
“Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations” means, at any time (for the purposes of 
this definition, the “relevant time”), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such 
obligation upon issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Additional Tier 
1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time. 
“Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations” means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the “relevant time”), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such obligation upon 
issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
“Financial Institutions Act” means the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial 
Groups of 10 April, 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. April 
2015 No. 17), as amended from time to time. 
“Legacy Subordinated Obligations” means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which qualify, or have qualified, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 
2 Capital and which were issued prior to 12 May 2021. 
“Norwegian FSA” or “NFSA” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(Finanstilsynet).

--- Page 106 ---
11/67312202_22 
97 
“Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations” means, at any time (for the purposes of this 
definition, the “relevant time”), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
“Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations” means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the “relevant time”), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such obligation qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time; and (b) no part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Norwegian FSA and any successor or replacement 
thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
defined in Condition 22), in any case as determined by the Issuer. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Sections 1-3 of the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act 1997.  
“Tier 1 Capital” means Tier 1 capital as described in Chapter 1 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013, implemented into Norwegian law through the Calculation Regulations 
section 2, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means Tier 2 capital as described in Chapter 4 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013, implemented into Norwegian law through the Calculation Regulations 
section 2, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 107 ---
11/67312202_22 
98 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a) or Condition 5(c) below: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number 
of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date);

--- Page 108 ---
11/67312202_22 
99 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; and (ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent; and 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which 
expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) (or, if applicable, such earlier 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(A) 
above, 
the 
"Floating 
Rate 
Convention", such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or

--- Page 109 ---
11/67312202_22 
100 
(3) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(4) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(5) 
the "Modified Preceding Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
"TARGET2 System") is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as

--- Page 110 ---
11/67312202_22 
101 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the Pricing Supplement, the ISDA Benchmark 
Supplement (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions; and 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement 
(as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Floating Rate Notes other than (i) CMS Linked Interest Notes 
and (ii) Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as 
SONIA or SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" and "Term Rate" are both 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below and to Condition 
5(d) or Condition 5(e), as applicable, be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate being the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
provided that in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the 
Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes other than 
CMS Linked Interest Notes shall be LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, PRIBOR 
or BBSW which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 111 ---
11/67312202_22 
102 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent (or, 
as the case may be, the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(1)(x) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(1)(y) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case at 
the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Agent or, in 
the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent shall request the 
principal London office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation 
Agent, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or, in 
the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent. "Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of 
a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (iii) in 
the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of four major banks 
in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in 
each case selected by the Issuer or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the

--- Page 112 ---
11/67312202_22 
103 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear 
the following meanings: 
"BBSW" means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate; 
"CIBOR" means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and 
any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (as at 12 May 2021 
Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any 
person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any 
specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or 
any other person which takes over the administration of that 
rate); 
"NIBOR" means the Oslo interbank offered rate; 
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Reference Rate" means: (i) LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, PRIBOR or BBSW, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 113 ---
11/67312202_22 
104 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore interbank offered rate; 
"Specified Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; and 
"TIBOR" means the Tokyo interbank offered rate. 
(2) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(w) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(x) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(y) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: 
Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 
or 
(b) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: 
Leveraged" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] 
 + Margin 
(z) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing

--- Page 114 ---
11/67312202_22 
105 
Supplement, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x Min 
[Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and "Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", 
"Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the 
CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For this purpose: 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is 
Euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the 
inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 
the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of 
five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank 
market or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market 
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, 
of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters 
(as 
defined 
in 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 115 ---
11/67312202_22 
106 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-
market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent 
(A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, 
to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or 
(B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with 
a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, where the Reference 
Currency is any other currency or if the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, the mid-
market swap rate as determined in accordance with the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of 
the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS 
Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(3) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and not using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable";

--- Page 116 ---
11/67312202_22 
107 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 5(d), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest 
Period, will be calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, on the Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቃ×
D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days 
in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, such Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Reference Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, for any Interest Period, 
the number of London Banking Days in such Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Reference Period;

--- Page 117 ---
11/67312202_22 
108 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to "do", each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, such Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Reference Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number 
is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
"Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five 
London Banking Days); 
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to

--- Page 118 ---
11/67312202_22 
109 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
Fallback provisions 
If (subject to Condition 5(d)), in respect of any London Banking 
Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to 
be determined, the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
"Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the 
latest SONIA Reference Rate determined under (1) 
above,

--- Page 119 ---
11/67312202_22 
110 
and, in each case, references to "SONIA Reference Rate" in this 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3) shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin (if any) 
applicable to the first Interest Period), in each case as determined 
by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent. 
(4) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 5(d), be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or in the 
case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Rate" means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for 
compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed by such administrator or other information service 
from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 120 ---
11/67312202_22 
111 
as further specified in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (the "SONIA Compounded 
Index") and in accordance with the following formula: 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period). 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(d), the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)(3) above as if "Index Determination" were specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as being "Not Applicable", and 
for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift 
Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
d 
x 
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA 
     
   
365
1   
 
 



−

--- Page 121 ---
11/67312202_22 
112 
(5) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and not using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 5(e), be Compounded Daily 
SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily U.S. dollar secured overnight 
financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
computed by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 122 ---
11/67312202_22 
113 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any 
Interest Period, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from (and including) the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date (or other date, if any, 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in 
such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case

--- Page 123 ---
11/67312202_22 
114 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, zero U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number 
is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days); 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
or

--- Page 124 ---
11/67312202_22 
115 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(6) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" 
are both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(e), be the 
Compounded SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(6): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula by the 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
where: 
dc 
x 
Index 
SOFR
Index 
SOFR 
     
    
360
1  
 




−

--- Page 125 ---
11/67312202_22 
116 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Index", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means the SOFR index value as published by the 
SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
"SOFR IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(e), as at any relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published 
or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable 
Interest Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be deemed to be the "Compounded Daily SOFR" 
for such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5) above as if "Index Determination" were 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being "Not Applicable", 
and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift 
Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such

--- Page 126 ---
11/67312202_22 
117 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes 
which are CMS Linked Interest Notes or VPS Notes, and the Calculation Agent, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes or VPS 
Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
The Agent or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are either VPS Notes or 
CMS Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes, in each case 
for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days

--- Page 127 ---
11/67312202_22 
118 
in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 128 ---
11/67312202_22 
119 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 129 ---
11/67312202_22 
120 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes, the 
Calculation Agent, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account 
Manager (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as 
defined below) thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date and (in respect of a Rate of Interest 
determined by reference to "SONIA" or "SOFR" as the applicable "Reference 
Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) Rate of Interest so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of this paragraph (vi), the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 5(b), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(viii) 
Determination of interest following acceleration pursuant to Condition 10 where 
the Rate of Interest is determined on the basis of SONIA or SOFR 
If the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and the Rate of Interest thereon is determined 
by reference to SONIA or SOFR (as the applicable "Reference Rate" in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), then if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Period 
to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and 
such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable

--- Page 130 ---
11/67312202_22 
121 
Pricing Supplement, as being applicable. Each Reset Note bears interest on its 
outstanding principal amount: 
a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date (the "Initial Period"), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period 
falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments 
of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to 
the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
The Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation 
Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of Interest 
in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest for such Reset Period. If the Notes are not VPS Notes and a Calculation 
Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Reset Notes Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks – Mid-Swap Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(ii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Mid-Swap Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the

--- Page 131 ---
11/67312202_22 
122 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date 
(other than in the circumstances provided for in Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(e), 
as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will be determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(A) 
the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to 
provide the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Specified Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question; 
(B) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Agent, or in the 
case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant 
Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation 
provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Agent, or in the case 
of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(c), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be either: 
(1) 
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
equal to the sum of (A) the Relevant Reset Margin and (B) either 
(1) the last Mid-Swap Rate displayed on the Relevant Screen 
Page prior to the Specified Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date or (2) if this is later, the Mid-Swap Rate 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or,

--- Page 132 ---
11/67312202_22 
123 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date the Initial Mid-
Swap Rate, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(2) 
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, determined by the Agent, or in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available 
information that it in good faith deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Fallbacks – Reference Bond Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Reference Bond Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. If no Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond 
Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to the Reference 
Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date 
(though substituting, where a different Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset 
Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place 
of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period). 
(iv) 
Fallbacks – CMT Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iv) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "CMT Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. If no Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations are 
provided in respect of the determination of the Reset Reference Bank Rate, the 
Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate 
of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, 
the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the 
Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period). 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5(c)(v) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable. If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is 
so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, 
each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted in accordance with 
market convention by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest 
Payment Dates in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 133 ---
11/67312202_22 
124 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent, will cause the relevant Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed 
and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account Manager (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(vi)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest Amount so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
this Condition 5(c), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c), the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"CMT Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation to a Reset Period 
and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate which 
is equal to: 
(A) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for 
a designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption 
"treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on 
such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for a designated maturity which is equal 
or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published 
in H.15(519) under the caption "treasury constant maturities (nominal)" 
on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (B) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 134 ---
11/67312202_22 
125 
"CMT Reset Determination Time" means the time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in Condition 5(a). 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) or Condition 
5(c)(v), as applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent, or in the case 
of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and 
the First Reset Margin. 
"H.15(519)" means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any 
successor publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve 
System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, 
section, successor site or publication as may replace it. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c), if 
applicable, for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes 
or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has 
a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" (i) means the rate as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or (ii) if no such rate is specified, EURIBOR (if the Specified 
Currency is euro), LIBOR (if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, Pounds 
Sterling or Swiss Francs), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian

--- Page 135 ---
11/67312202_22 
126 
Kroner) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most 
closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject 
to Condition 5(c)(v), either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which, in either case, appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately 
the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent. 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis shall 
be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes 
or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent) of the Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (ii) if at least two but fewer than five such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by 
the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation 
Agent) of all such quotations received, or (iii) if only one such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, the quotation so received. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iii), with respect to any 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Reset Determination Date (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent).

--- Page 136 ---
11/67312202_22 
127 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with the Agent or, in the 
case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent) or their 
affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the 
arithmetic average, (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Agent 
or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms, 
or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 
5(b) and Condition 5(d), if applicable. 
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the First 
Reset Margin or, in respect of any subsequent Reset Period, the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of such Reset Period, or in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the 
case may be. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation 
to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Agent or, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent at or around the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date. If at least 
three such Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of 
the Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reset United 
States Treasury Securities Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United States 
Treasury Securities Quotations provided. If only one Reset United States

--- Page 137 ---
11/67312202_22 
128 
Treasury Securities Quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be 
the quotation provided (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid). 
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(A) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate; or 
(B) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
principal office in New York City of five major banks which are 
primary United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer. 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute, as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) and Condition 
5(c)(v), as applicable: 
(A) 
the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
the Reference Bond Rate; or 
(C) 
the CMT Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities" means, in relation to a Reset 
Determination Date, the United States Treasury Securities: 
(A) 
with an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of 
the relevant Reset Period, a remaining term to maturity of no more than 
one year shorter than the maturity which is equal to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York 
City market. 
If two United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally 
close to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, the United States Treasury 
Security with the shorter remaining term to maturity will be used for the purposes 
of the relevant determination.

--- Page 138 ---
11/67312202_22 
129 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation" means, in relation to a 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate quoted by a Reset Reference Bank as being a yield-to-maturity based on 
the secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for Reset United 
States Treasury Securities at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on 
such Reset Determination Date. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the (or each) margin specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, applicable Pricing Supplement may specify different Subsequent Reset 
Margins for different Subsequent Reset Periods). 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii) and Condition 5(c)(iv), 
as applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Margin. 
"United States Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations 
of the United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c), as applicable, 
if (i) the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate and (ii) "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the following 
provisions of this Condition 5(d) shall apply. 
This Condition 5(d) shall not apply to the Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being "SOFR", in respect of which the provisions of Condition 5(e) will apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(d) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud)

--- Page 139 ---
11/67312202_22 
130 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the holders 
of Notes for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
5(d). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(d)). 
(iii) 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Adjustment Spread shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(d) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case), the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of 
Notes, vary these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d)(iv), no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be, be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of (a) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or 
(b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and applicable Adjustment 
Spread will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 5(d)(iv), if and to the extent that, in the

--- Page 140 ---
11/67312202_22 
131 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(d) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the holders of Notes. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection 
by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and, where applicable the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendment, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5(d); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread . 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the holders of Notes. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(d)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the relevant fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(b)(ii) or Condition 5(c)(ii), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred and (i) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined, (ii) any Adjustment Spread (if any) and Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) are determined, and (iii) the Issuer has notified each of the Agent and the 
Paying Agents, in each case pursuant to this Condition 5(d). 
As used in this Condition 5(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or

--- Page 141 ---
11/67312202_22 
132 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL 
Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL 
Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more 
of the following: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published on a permanent or 
indefinite basis as a result of the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used, is no longer representative of its 
underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be 
applicable to the Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any holder of Notes using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable);

--- Page 142 ---
11/67312202_22 
133 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (B) above, the date of the cessation of the publication 
of the Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
in the case of paragraph (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) 
above, as applicable). 
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 
June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 
(or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to 
be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
When used in these Terms and Conditions, "CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to such Regulation resulting from Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(d)(i). 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by 
then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable 
MREL Regulations.

--- Page 143 ---
11/67312202_22 
134 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has 
replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to include any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
This Condition 5(e) applies only if (i) the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement or (ii) 
the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as LIBOR and, in 
either case, "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and

--- Page 144 ---
11/67312202_22 
135 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, LIBOR, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded 
SOFR, as the case may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR or Compounded Daily SOFR or, 
as the case may be, Compounded SOFR (or the relevant published SOFR rate used in the 
calculation thereof), as the case may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i) 
In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate is LIBOR for U.S. Dollars, the Interpolated Benchmark with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer cannot 
determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, 
then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded Daily SOFR (as determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5) above) and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(D) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(E) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Benchmark 
Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 145 ---
11/67312202_22 
136 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark

--- Page 146 ---
11/67312202_22 
137 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark 
for the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the 
Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is LIBOR, the Specified Time, (ii) if the Benchmark is Compounded Daily 
SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)(5) or, as the case may be, Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(6)), and (iii) if the Benchmark 
is none of LIBOR, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the time determined 
by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5) above) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 5(e) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect.

--- Page 147 ---
11/67312202_22 
138 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders 
of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any)) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted, nor will any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, be made to effect the 
Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
or (b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, and no Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes or any other amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 5(e), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the 
next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
consent of the Relevant Regulator for such payment has not been given or, having been 
given, has been withdrawn and not replaced. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
as provided in the Agency Agreement and the Terms and Conditions. 
To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of any Notes has been 
cancelled, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes, as the case may be.

--- Page 148 ---
11/67312202_22 
139 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland 
respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable 
law. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer 
Notes will be made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may 
appoint from time to time and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 149 ---
11/67312202_22 
140 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as 
the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long 
Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such definitive Bearer Note from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer 
global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
bearer global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may 
be, of such bearer global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such bearer global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Intermediary, as applicable. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Intermediary or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such global Note must look solely to either (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be or (ii) in relation to Notes represented by Swiss 
Global Notes, the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (on behalf of the bearer of such Swiss 
Global Note) for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall 
be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency 
or conversion into U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange

--- Page 150 ---
11/67312202_22 
141 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) 
will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above to the persons in whose name 
such Notes are registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is 
located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such Notes at the 
specified office of the Registrar or a Transfer Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will 
be made in the manner specified in paragraph (a) above to the person in whose name such 
Note is registered (i) where the Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open 
for business) before the relevant due date and (ii) where the Notes are in definitive form, 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located)) prior to such due date (in the case of 
paragraphs (i) and (ii), each the "Record Date"). In the case of payments by cheque, 
cheques will be mailed to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) at such holder's 
registered address on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the 
due date. 
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred 
to in paragraph (a), application for such payment must be made by the holder to the 
Registrar not later than the relevant Record Date. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
shown in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the VPS. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is 
(subject to Condition 9): 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in 
the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the

--- Page 151 ---
11/67312202_22 
142 
relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(e)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with 
respect to interest under Condition 8. 
(f) 
Payments in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be made only at the offices of any Swiss 
Paying Agent in Switzerland in freely disposable Swiss Francs without collection costs 
and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence 
of the holder of the Swiss Domestic Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. Payments on the Swiss Domestic Notes will also 
be made irrespective of any present or future transfer restrictions and regardless of any 
bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be applicable at any 
time to such payment. 
The receipt in full by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the bearer of Swiss 
Domestic Notes (in accordance with Swiss market practice) of the due and punctual 
payment of the funds in Swiss Francs in the manner provided by these Terms and 
Conditions shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Swiss Domestic Notes 
for the payment of principal and interest due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payments, and Noteholders must look solely to the Swiss Principal Paying Agent 
for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (pursuant 
to Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m)) substituted, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, specified in or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 152 ---
11/67312202_22 
143 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent (and, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the VPS Account Manager) and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS Account 
Manager (in each case, to make available at the Agent’s or VPS Account Manager’s 
specified office (as applicable) for inspection by the holders of the Notes) (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (c) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), if Issuer Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer shall, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or not less than any other minimum 
period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent and (in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes) the Registrar and (in 
the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (or the first) Optional Redemption Date shall not 
fall earlier than the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of such Notes.

--- Page 153 ---
11/67312202_22 
144 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes (or, as the case 
may be, parts of Registered Notes) to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot without involving any part only of a Bearer Note, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary, as the case may be, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note and in accordance with the rules of the 
VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c) and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 at 
least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(d) is not applicable for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes and references to "Notes" in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 16 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put can be 
exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where 
relevant, the provisions will be set out in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC or the Intermediary, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent, in 
the case of Bearer Notes, or any Transfer Agent or the Registrar in the case of Registered 
Notes at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 7(d). 
If this Note is represented by a global Note or is a Note in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent or the 
Registrar of such exercise, where applicable, in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a 
form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, from time 
to time. Notices in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes may be given to the Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent in the form of a duly completed and signed Put Notice.

--- Page 154 ---
11/67312202_22 
145 
If this Note is a Registered Note and is cleared through DTC, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar 
and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit such holder's securities account with this Note on 
or before the Optional Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, 
the holder of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant 
account operator of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS 
from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default (as 
defined below) shall have occurred, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7(d) and 
instead declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) above, Condition 7(j) below and Condition 7(k) below, 
and Condition 10, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable 
in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at 
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement as the 
case may be, or if no such amount is so specified at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP X (1 + AY)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months 
of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 155 ---
11/67312202_22 
146 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its 
account Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith 
at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 7(f) (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Conditions 7(a), 7(b), 7(c) or 7(d) above or Condition 7(j) below 
or upon its otherwise becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10, as the case 
may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph 7(e)(iii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
(i) 
Regulatory Consent 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(f), substitution or 
variation under Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation 
under Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes) or substitution under Condition 17 shall take place without the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to the extent, then required by 
the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations). In addition, in respect of any 
redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(j) only, and except to 
the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the 
Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date if the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such 
right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
(j) 
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(j) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(j) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and 
"Couponholders" in this Condition 7(j) shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and,

--- Page 156 ---
11/67312202_22 
147 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) above together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the 
expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and prudential 
supervision then in effect in Norway including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy and prudential supervision adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance 
and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries). 
A "Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are excluded 
in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, provided that 
a Capital Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by any applicable 
limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital instruments permitted or allowed to meet any Tier 
2 Capital requirement(s) being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(j), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified 
office for inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(k) 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 7(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and only where this Condition 7(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to 
"Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 7(k) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(i), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at any time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) above 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Upon the expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result 
of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application 
or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes, the Notes will be fully or partially excluded from the "eligible liabilities" (or 
any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement (however 
called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then 
or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided that an 
MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused 
by (1) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any 
applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.

--- Page 157 ---
11/67312202_22 
148 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(k), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified 
office for inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and 
"Couponholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of 
the Notes (including, without limitation, changing the governing law of Condition 22, 
from Norwegian law to English law) and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered 
to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for 
inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form 
described in the definition of Qualifying Subordinated Securities in accordance with the 
provisions thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of the 
Notes. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 22 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22) have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms 
of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have 
been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the 
case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the 
case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject 
thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of 
the Relevant Regulator in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been substituted or varied 
had a published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22; and

--- Page 158 ---
11/67312202_22 
149 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Moody's Investors Service Limited or Dominion Bond Rating Services or their 
respective successors. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
where applicable 
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in each case, only where this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the Notes (including, without limitation, changing the governing law of Condition 
22, from Norwegian law to English law) and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered 
to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for 
inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form 
described in the definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with the 
provisions thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of the 
Notes. 
"Qualifying MREL Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 22 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22), have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms 
of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have 
been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the 
case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the 
case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject 
thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in 
relation to "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for 
in the Applicable MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been substituted or varied 
had a published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its

--- Page 159 ---
11/67312202_22 
150 
intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying 
MREL Securities (unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 22); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(d)). 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or 
the Registrar or, in the case of VPS Notes, the holders of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
As used herein, "Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision 
or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax and (ii) any other jurisdiction or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes generally subject in respect of payments of interest on the Notes. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book-entry form) and Coupons will 
become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 Condition 6(c) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(c). 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and 
be continuing:

--- Page 160 ---
11/67312202_22 
151 
(i) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation by way of public administration (except in 
connection with (1) an Excluded Winding-up or (2) a merger or reorganisation in 
such a way that all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer 
(including its obligations in respect of the Notes) pass to another legal person in 
universal succession by operation of law); or 
(ii) 
insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer which shall not have been 
dismissed or stayed within 60 days after institution, or if insolvency proceedings 
are instituted by the Issuer in respect of itself, and (in each case) such insolvency 
proceedings are continuing, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it 
to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind. 
(b) 
Limitation of Remedy 
Without prejudice to Noteholders’ rights under Condition 10(a), no holder of a Note shall 
be entitled to take any steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer to enforce any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes (including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes, or any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect thereof), and in no event shall the Issuer, 
by virtue of the taking of any such steps, action or proceedings, be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions in respect of the Notes, nor will any 
Noteholder accept the same, otherwise than during or after a winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
11. 
No right of set-off, etc. 
No holder of Notes shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim against monies owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such 
holder of Notes, and each holder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have 
waived all such rights. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to 
any holder of Notes by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is 
discharged by set-off, such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount 
equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution 
or liquidation, the liquidator or other relevant insolvency official with primary responsibility for 
the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, 
shall hold an amount equal to such amount for the Issuer (or the liquidator or such relevant 
insolvency official (as the case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not 
to have taken place. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons, 
or the Registrar outside the United Kingdom in the case of Registered Notes, upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), will 
initially be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest

--- Page 161 ---
11/67312202_22 
152 
coupons (the "Reg. S Global Note"), which will either (i) be deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered 
in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Notes in definitive form issued 
in exchange for Reg. S Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, together with the Reg. S Global Notes, are referred 
to herein as "Reg. S Notes". Beneficial interests in a Reg. S Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee of DTC may be held only through DTC directly, by a participant in 
DTC, or indirectly, through a participant in DTC, including Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold in private transactions to qualified institutional 
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("QIBs") will initially 
be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons 
(the "Restricted Global Note" and, together with the Reg. S Global Note, the "Registered 
Global Notes"), deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC. Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Restricted Global Notes or 
otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act, together with the Restricted Global Notes, are referred to herein as 
"Restricted Notes". 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) 
(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) which are institutions ("Institutional 
Accredited Investors") who agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not 
with a view to the distribution thereof will be in definitive form, registered in the name of 
the holder thereof. 
Registered Notes in definitive form issued to Institutional Accredited Investors and 
Restricted Notes shall bear the legend set forth in the Restricted Global Note (the 
"Legend"), such Notes being referred to herein as "Legended Notes". Upon the transfer, 
exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of the 
Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 13(f)) deliver only Legended 
Notes or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to 
the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Securities Act. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 13, Registered Notes in definitive form 
may be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for 
one or more definitive Registered Notes of like aggregate nominal amount. 
(b) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Registered Notes in definitive form 
Interests in the Reg. S Global Note and the Restricted Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Registered Notes in definitive form if (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as the case may be, notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as 
depositary for such Registered Global Note or (ii) if applicable, DTC ceases to be a 
"Clearing Agency" registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 
the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced its intention permanently to cease business or 
has in fact done so, and a successor depositary or alternative clearing system satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Agent is not available, or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing with respect to such Notes or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a payment 
default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Notes, or (iv) the holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note notifies the Registrar in writing that it is 
transferring such beneficial interest to an Institutional Accredited Investor who is required

--- Page 162 ---
11/67312202_22 
153 
to hold its beneficial interest in the Registered Notes in definitive form, or (v) if the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement so 
permit, a written request for one or more Registered Notes in definitive form is made by 
a holder of a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note; provided that in the case of 
(v) such written notice or request, as the case may be, is submitted to the Registrar by the 
beneficial owner not later than 60 days prior to the requested date of such exchange. Upon 
the occurrence of any of the events described in the preceding sentence, the Issuer will 
cause the appropriate Registered Notes in definitive form to be delivered provided that, 
notwithstanding the above, no Reg. S Notes in definitive form will be issued until the 
expiry of the period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche 
of Notes (the "Distribution Compliance Period"). 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall 
be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a 
nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Reg. S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Reg. S Global Note to a transferee in the United States  
or to a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer 
Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial 
interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a 
duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an "IAI Investment 
Letter"); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities law of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in 
global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery 
only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Reg. S Global Notes registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in 
DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements 
will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Reg. S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the

--- Page 163 ---
11/67312202_22 
154 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being 
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes 
is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without 
certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to 
delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to 
the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor, together with a duly executed IAI Investment Letter from the 
relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States, 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or 
outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs 
or non-U.S. investors through DTC and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are 
the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, 
where applicable. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited 
Investors, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Note will be transferable and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be (the "Applicable Procedures"). 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) by the holder or holders surrendering the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar, or as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent prescribe, including any restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of 
Registered Notes originally sold to a  person located in the United States or to a U.S. 
person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which

--- Page 164 ---
11/67312202_22 
155 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered Note in definitive form for an interest 
in, or to a person who takes delivery of such Note through, a Registered Global Note will 
be made no later than 60 days after the receipt by the Registrar or as the case may be, 
relevant Transfer Agent of the Registered Note in definitive form to be so exchanged or 
transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from 
the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
(h) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the 
period of 30 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest on that 
Note. 
(i) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail 
(if any) and, if the Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
tax or other governmental charge or insurance charges that may be imposed in relation 
thereto which will be borne by the Noteholder) will be borne by the Issuer. 
14. 
Agent, Paying Agents, Exchange Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar and VPS Account 
Manager 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Exchange Agent and the initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
the Exchange Agent or any Transfer Agent or any VPS Account Manager or any Calculation Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, Exchange 
Agents, Transfer Agent, VPS Account Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent, Transfer 
Agent, VPS Account Manager or Calculation Agent acts, provided that (other than in the case of 
Swiss Domestic Notes): 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent), in 
the case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), in the case 
of Registered Notes, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority;

--- Page 165 ---
11/67312202_22 
156 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) with a specified office 
in a city in Europe outside Norway and each other Tax Jurisdiction (if any) for the time 
being; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by 
the Agent; 
(v) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes are held through DTC or its nominee, there 
will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in London; 
(vi) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom 
and, so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(vii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe other than 
Switzerland that will not be required to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to laws enacted in 
Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those 
laid down in the draft legislation proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 22 December, 
2010, in particular the principle to have a person other than the Issuer withhold or deduct 
tax; and 
(viii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will at all times be a VPS Account Manager authorised to 
act as an account operating institution with the VPS and one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Terms and Conditions of the relevant VPS Notes so require. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the eleventh paragraph of Condition 6(c). Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial 
institution for the purposes of the Code, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. 
In the case of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Swiss Paying Agent 
having a specified office in Switzerland and qualifying as a Swiss bank or securities dealer and so 
long as the Swiss Domestic Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
15. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
16. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) shall be published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper 
in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing

--- Page 166 ---
11/67312202_22 
157 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required 
by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in each such newspaper or where published in such newspapers on different dates, the 
last date of such first publication. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes 
listed on a stock exchange, the rules of such stock exchange (or other relevant authority) permit), 
so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such website(s) or mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) shall be in 
writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
is represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent or 
the Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Agent and/or the Registrar and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. Notices to be given by any holder 
of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be given in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notices to holders of Swiss Domestic Notes will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be validly 
given (i) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes not admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published on the website specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or (ii) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes admitted to trading on the standard for 
bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published in electronic form on the website of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange (www.six-swiss-exchange.com) under the section headed "Official Notices" or 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the date of such delivery. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VPS. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
holders of Notes (which meetings may be held at a physical place, by way of 
teleconference or videoconference (or similar electronic platform) or a 
combination of the foregoing) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer may modify 
or vary such provisions for convening meetings to reflect the requirements from

--- Page 167 ---
11/67312202_22 
158 
time to time of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary. Any 
such modification or variation will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including, but not 
limited to, modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall also be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic 
consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding on all the holders of 
Notes, whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents 
in electronic form. 
(ii) 
Holders of VPS Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the VPS Notes or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the VPS Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate 
(dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the 
VPS Account Manager stating that the holder is entered into the records of the 
VPS as a Noteholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking 
that no transfers or dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VPS 
Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes or the Agency 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the 
currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal

--- Page 168 ---
11/67312202_22 
159 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate 
from the VPS or the VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as 
the holder of the VPS Notes specified in such certificate provided that he has 
given an undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close 
of the meeting). 
(b) 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement (i) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) which is to correct a manifest error or (iii) which is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Agent shall be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
(i) in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out 
in Condition 5(d), (ii) in effecting any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 5(e) or (iii) to any substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7(l) or 
7(m), where applicable. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In any determination of whether or not an amendment is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the Notes, regard shall be had to the general interests of the 
holders of Notes as a class, but no regard shall be had to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual holders of Notes, whatever their number. In 
particular, but without limitation, no regard shall be had to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual holders of Notes (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and no holder 
of Notes shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or any other person, any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such modification upon individual 
holders of Notes (except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8). 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e), certain changes may be made 
to the interest calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or the Reset Notes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Conditions, without the requirement for 
consent of the Noteholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of 
Notes and any such modification shall be notified to the holders of Notes in accordance 
with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, elect to substitute a subsidiary or 
parent company of the Issuer, or its successor in business, in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Notes (each such substitute being hereinafter referred to as the 
"Substitute Obligor") provided that in each case: 
(i) 
the Notes are (other than where the Substitute Obligor is the successor in business) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee, on a basis equivalent to the ranking of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Obligor shall execute a deed poll pursuant to which it undertakes 
and assumes the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including its 
obligations under the Deed of Covenant) as fully as if the Substitute Obligor had 
been named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous Substitute Obligor, as the case may be);

--- Page 169 ---
11/67312202_22 
160 
(iii) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that (i) it has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents necessary for its assumptions of the duties and liabilities 
as Substitute Obligor under the Notes in place of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
any previous Substitute Obligor and (ii) such approvals and consents are at the 
time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that the Substitute Obligor is solvent at the time at which the substitution 
is proposed to be in effect, and immediately thereafter; and 
(v) 
if the Notes are rated (where such rating was assigned at the request of the Issuer) 
by one or more credit rating agencies of international standing immediately prior 
to such substitution, the Notes shall continue to be rated by each such rating 
agency immediately following such substitution, and each credit rating agency 
shall have confirmed that the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by each such 
credit rating agency immediately following such substitution are expected to be 
no lower than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto. 
In connection with any such substitution, the Issuer and/or the Substitute Obligor may, 
without the need for the approval of the Noteholders, make such consequential 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as may appropriate to reflect such 
assumption of obligations by the Substitute Obligor, provided that such amendments are 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Such amendments may 
include that references in these Terms and Conditions to the Kingdom of Norway may be 
amended to include (in addition or in the alternative to, as appropriate, the Kingdom of 
Norway) the jurisdiction of incorporation (or, in the case of the definition of Tax 
Jurisdiction", each relevant tax jurisdiction) of such Substitute Obligor. 
Any substitution effected in accordance with this Condition 17(c), and any such 
consequential amendments made to the Terms and Conditions in accordance with this 
Condition 17, shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
As used herein, "successor in business" means, in relation to the Issuer (or any previous 
Substitute Obligor, as the case may be), any company which as a result of any 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, beneficially owns the whole or substantially the 
whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer prior to such 
amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or agreement coming into force and carries on as 
successor to the Issuer the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by 
the Issuer immediately prior thereto. 
(d) 
Regulatory Approval 
Any amendment to or modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any 
substitution of the Issuer as provided in this Condition 17 shall be conditional upon the 
Issuer having obtained approval therefor from the Relevant Regulator, if and to the extent 
then required by the Relevant Regulator or under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the issue price and the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes provided, however, that in the case of any issue of Notes in registered 
form, for purposes of U.S. federal income taxation (regardless of whether any Noteholders are 
subject to U.S. federal income tax laws), such further notes are either (i) not issued with original

--- Page 170 ---
11/67312202_22 
161 
issue discount, (ii) issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount, or (iii) 
issued in a "qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
19. 
Provision of Information 
For so long as any Restricted Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" (as defined 
in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the Issuer shall, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting pursuant to 
Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, make available to any holder of, or beneficial owner of 
an interest in, such Notes in connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser 
designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon request, the information specified 
in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
20. 
Third-Party Rights 
Save as provided in Condition 19, no rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law except for (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; (iii) the provisions of Condition 4; (iv) the 
provisions of Condition 11; (v) the provisions of Condition 22; and (vi) any other write-
down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time, which in each case shall be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. VPS Notes must comply with the 
Norwegian Act relating to Central Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement etc. 
of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes will 
be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
this Act and any related regulations and legislation.  
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 21 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the time being at 
8th Floor, The Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of 
process, and undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act 
or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings.

--- Page 171 ---
11/67312202_22 
162 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
22. 
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Agreement, acknowledgement and consent with respect to the exercise of the Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 22, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in 
(without limitation) any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Relevant Amounts 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amount in relation to the Notes, will become due 
and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been 
reduced, converted, written-down, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a 
result of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes will constitute an Event of Default. 
(d) 
Notice 
Upon the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to any Notes, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable notify the Agent in writing of such exercise and give notice of the same to

--- Page 172 ---
11/67312202_22 
163 
Holders in accordance with Condition 16. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering 
any notice referred to in this Condition 22 shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
In this Condition 22: 
"Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom 
of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD, including sections 
20-14 and 20-24 of the Financial Institutions Act, and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards 
created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations 
of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which 
may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority; and 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 173 ---
11/67312202_22 
164 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
or for such other reason as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of Notes issued by the Issuer may be used to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects under the Green Finance Framework (available on the Issuer's website 
and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Bonds). Eligible Projects will include those which support 
the transition to a low-carbon and climate resilient economy, specifically with respect to financing and 
refinancing projects related to green buildings, renewable energy and clean transportation and will be 
assessed and monitored according to a framework and set of criteria available on the Issuer's website. Such 
Notes will be referred to as "Green Bonds".

--- Page 174 ---
11/67312202_22 
165 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB BANK GROUP 
Overview 
The DNB Bank Group, which includes the Bank and its subsidiaries, is Norway's largest bank group as 
measured by total assets. The Bank offers corporate, retail and investment banking services and products 
to customers in Norway and internationally. The Bank is the largest company in the DNB Group. As of 31 
March 2021, the DNB Bank Group had total assets of NOK 2,639 billion and loans to customers of NOK 
1,696 billion, compared to total assets of NOK 2,888 billion and loans to customers of NOK 1,749 billion 
as of 31 March 2020. The DNB Bank Group’s profit for the three months ended 31 March 2021 was NOK 
5,376 million (as compared to NOK 3,739 million for the three months ended 31 March 2020). 
The DNB Bank Group's head office is located in Oslo. The Bank is wholly owned by DNB ASA, the 
holding company of the DNB Group. The DNB Group is Norway's largest financial services group in terms 
of total assets with total assets of NOK 2,919 billion as of 31 December 2020. DNB ASA conducts its 
banking operations through the Bank and offers life insurance and pension saving products and asset 
management services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset 
Management, as set forth below in "—Legal Structure of the DNB Group". 
The Group offers a full range of financial services, including loans, savings and investment, payment 
transfers, advisory services, real estate broking, life insurance and pension products for personal and 
corporate customers. The bank offers a wide range of services through Norway’s largest distribution 
network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking (7am to 11pm), digital banking, mobile banking 
solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking in stores. The Bank Group has a 
physical presence in 16 countries. The Issuer wholly owns DNB Boligkreditt AS, a company which 
provides loans secured by residential property for up to 75.0 per cent. of the property’s appraised value. 
DNB Boligkreditt is licenced to operate as a mortgage institution with the right to issue covered bonds and 
has a key role in ensuring the DNB Group’s long-term funding. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the DNB Group had approximately 2.1 million private customers 
and 233,000 corporate customers. 
The Issuer wholly owns DNB Boligkreditt AS, a company which provides loans secured by residential 
property for up to 75 per cent. of the property's appraised value. DNB Boligkreditt AS is licensed to operate 
as a mortgage institution with the right to issue covered bonds and has a key role in ensuring the DNB 
Group's long-term funding. 
History of the Bank 
The Bank traces its roots back to 1822, when Norway's first savings bank, Christiana Sparebank, was 
founded. The Bank was formed through mergers of several Norwegian banks. The name DnB NOR Bank 
ASA was adopted in 2003, when DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA merged. The Bank's 
subsidiaries of DNB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA, Den norske Bank ASA and Gjensidige NOR 
Sparebank ASA, respectively, merged on 19 January 2004. 
On 11 November 2011, the Bank changed its name from DnB NOR Bank ASA to DNB Bank ASA. On the 
same date, several other DNB Group companies changed their names, including the holding company of 
the DNB Group, which changed its name from DnB NOR ASA to DNB ASA. 
On 30 September 2019, DNB completed the sale of part of its ownership interest in Luminor to a consortium 
led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the DNB Group 
holds a 20 per cent. stake in the Luminor Group through its wholly owned subsidiary DNB Baltic Invest 
AB. 
In January 2019, the Board of Directors of Oslo Børs VPS Holding ASA ("Oslo Børs") invited relevant 
interested parties to make a bid for the shares of the company. At that time, DNB owned 19.82 per cent. of 
the shares in Oslo Børs. In June 2019, Euronext purchased all of DNB’s shares in Oslo Børs and, together 
with shares acquired from other parties, Euronext acquired a 97.8 per cent. ownership of Oslo Børs. 
The registered office of the Bank is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, N-0191 Oslo, Norway and its telephone 
number is +47 915 04800. The Bank is incorporated as a public limited company (in Norwegian:

--- Page 175 ---
11/67312202_22 
166 
allmennaksjeselskap) under the Norwegian Act on Commercial Banks of 24 May 1961 No. 2 (which was 
replaced by the Financial Institutions Act from 1 January 2016). 
Recent and Planned Changes 
On 2 July 2020, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance announced the approval of a new organisational 
structure for the DNB Group, under which the Bank and DNB ASA will be merged and the Bank will be 
the holding company of the DNB Group and will be the entity issuing MREL-eligible debt. The approval 
of the merger is subject to certain conditions, and is expected to be completed as of 1 July 2021 at the 
earliest.  
In the second quarter of 2020, DNB introduced electronic registration, or eRegistration (eTinglysning), for 
corporate customers. With the introduction of eRegistration, DNB took a major step towards a fully 
digitalised credit process. Together with the use of existing eSigning functionality, the final processing can 
now be entirely digital. 
In addition, following the outbreak of COVID-19, the DNB Bank Group has implemented a number of 
measures to secure continued operation of its banking and payment services in Norway and abroad. One 
such measure is to split teams within critical specialist and delivery areas to ensure that delivery capacity 
is maintained, even if someone should become infected or quarantined. The teams are split between 
different buildings and locations, and most employees in non-critical environments work from home. These 
measures secure IT operations so that payments and other services can run as normal. The DNB Bank 
Group has also established business continuity plans with measures that can be implemented should the 
situation escalate. 
DNB is working continuously to streamline its distribution network and facilitate self-service solutions. 
The number of active mobile banking users increased from 800,000 (as of the fourth quarter of 2017) to 
one million active users in 2020, with 600,000 daily visits. As a result of new technology and digital 
services, DNB’s customers use the Bank in different ways. While the use of digital services has significantly 
increased in recent years, there has been a prolonged decline in the number of visitors to the Bank’s branch 
offices. 
In November 2020, together with SpareBank 1, the Bank made a strategic acquisition of Uni Micro AS, 
one of Norway’s leading players in enterprise resource planning and accounting systems. Uni Micro will 
be the system provider of the new version of DNB’s accounting app, DNB Regnskap. The acquisition will 
strengthen the Bank’s efforts relating to digital systems for accounting and financial management, and lead 
to a highly flexible accounting solution that will be relevant for the entire small and medium-sized 
enterprises market in Norway. The transaction is subject to the approval of the NFSA. If the acquisition is 
approved and completed, Uni Micro AS will be acquired by Bank og Regnskap Holding AS, a private 
limited liability company in which the Bank has a 60 per cent. indirect ownership share, with the other 40 
per cent. owned by Sparebank 1. 
In the first quarter of 2021, DNB announced that it intends to withdraw from Poland, by gradually reducing 
its activity there. This process is expected to take several years. In the first quarter of 2021, the increase in 
operating expenses was partly due to non-recurring restructuring expenses in relation to the withdrawal. 
There will most likely be additional expenses occurring over time 
On 15 April 2021, DNB ASA announced that the Bank has reached an agreement with Sbanken ASA 
(“Sbanken”) to launch a recommended voluntary cash tender offer for 100% of the shares of Sbanken. The 
offer includes cash consideration of NOK 103.85 per share, implying a total consideration for all the shares 
of approximately NOK 11.1 billion, a premium of 29.8 per cent. over Sbanken’s share price at 14 April 
2021. Shareholders representing a total of approximately 29% of the outstanding shares of Sbanken have, 
on certain terms and conditions, undertaken to accept the offer. The Bank currently owns approximately 
1% of the outstanding shares in Sbanken. 
Sbanken was established in 2000 as the first pure-play digital bank in Norway and was listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange in 2015. Today, Sbanken is one of the leading digital retail banks in Norway with 476,000 
retail customers at year-end 2020. DNB believes that the acquisition of Sbanken will further strengthen its 
position within retail banking in its home market. DNB's market share within mortgages in Norway is

--- Page 176 ---
11/67312202_22 
167 
estimated to increase from approximately 24 per cent. to approximately 27 per cent. if the acquisition is 
completed. 
 
The transaction is subject to approvals from the Ministry of Finance and the Norwegian Competition 
Authority. The final decision from the regulatory authorities is expected in the third quarter of 2021.  
Corporate objective 
Pursuant to Article 1-2 of the Articles of Association of the Bank, the corporate objective of the Bank is to 
perform all types of business and services that are customary or natural for banks to engage in within the 
scope of Norwegian legislation in force at any time. 
Legal Structure of the DNB Group 
In accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian regulatory authorities, the banking, asset 
management and insurance activities of the DNB Group are  organised as separate limited companies under 
the holding company DNB ASA. Banking activities are conducted by the Bank and its subsidiaries. All 
asset management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset Management. 
DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products, both products with guaranteed 
returns and products with a choice of investment profile. 
The chart below sets forth the legal structure of the DNB Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Control of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNB ASA. DNB ASA is listed on the regulated market of Oslo 
Børs and is subject to disclosure requirements which ensure adequate transparency of ownership 
information. In addition, there are statutory measures to prevent abuse of control in place under the 
Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act and the Financial Institutions Act imposes stricter rules 
for banks that in practice prevent abuse of ownership and/or control. The Norwegian Ministry of Finance 
must assess and approve all shareholders that own or acquire a qualified amount (usually 10 per cent. or 
more) of shares in a financial undertaking. 
Strategy, Vision and Values 
The Bank is the main subsidiary of the DNB Group and the Bank's strategy is therefore closely coordinated 
with the DNB Group's overall strategy.

--- Page 177 ---
11/67312202_22 
168 
In the summer of 2020, DNB launched its new corporate strategy. DNB’s long-term ambitions set out in 
its new corporate strategy are to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and achieve its 
financial targets. 
Creating the Best Customer Experiences 
In a market with increasingly transparent and open value chains, strong customer relationships are crucial 
in order to retain DNB’s customers and ensure continued profitability. DNB aim to create the best customer 
experiences so that customers choose DNB and to ensure that customer relationships are maintained. 
Sustainable restructuring is increasingly important to achieve competitiveness in the business sector. 
DNB’s customers have high expectations of how sustainability is integrated into DNB's advisory services, 
products, and financing solutions. 
Ensure Compliance 
New national and international rules and legislation are constantly being adopted and applied to the 
financial services industry. At the same time, the expectations from DNB’s customers and owners are 
increasing, especially in relation to sustainability topics, such as climate issues and environmental, social 
and governance factors. DNB aims to secure long-term value creation and responsible operations by 
maintaining a high level of compliance expertise, as well as by thoroughly and systematically refining 
corporate governance and controls. All of DNB’s employees and others who work on DNB’s behalf must 
understand their scope of action and work towards a strong culture of compliance. By ensuring compliance, 
DNB believes it will build and retain the trust of DNB’s customers, owners and society in general. 
Deliver on Financial Targets 
DNB aims to achieve good, long-term returns. Delivering on financial targets provides the necessary scope 
of action to position DNB for the future, while ensuring long-term value creation. DNB aims to do this by 
focusing on earnings, a responsible cost level, effective capital use, integration of sustainability throughout 
the company, and an adaptable and effective organisation. 
In February 2020, DNB reaffirmed its financial ambitions for the period leading up to 2023. A return on 
equity of more than 12 per cent. remains DNB’s overriding target. DNB aims to deliver more, with fewer 
resources, and develop products and services that are more relevant. This will help DNB to deliver the 
return that shareholders expect, and to stay competitive when DNB encounters new competitors. 
DNB Bank Group and DNB Group Operational Structure 
The DNB Bank Group’s operational structure enables it to quickly and effectively adapt to changes in 
customer behaviour, and to develop products and services that meet customer needs. 
The chart below sets forth the operational structure of the DNB Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The business areas consist of the customer areas, Personal Banking and Corporate Banking, and the product 
areas, Wealth Management, Markets and Payments & Innovation.

--- Page 178 ---
11/67312202_22 
169 
Personal Banking serves the DNB Bank Group's more than 2 million personal customers and is the market 
leader in the Norwegian personal customer market. Customers are offered a wide range of services through 
a modern distribution network which includes mobile solutions, customer service centres and online 
banking, as well as branch offices and real estate broking. Corporate Banking serves the DNB Bank Group's 
corporate customers and includes the DNB Bank Group's customers in the Norwegian business community 
and public sector, as well as all international customers and financial institutions. 
DNB Markets is Norway's leading investment firm and provides the DNB Bank Group’s customers with 
investment banking services, including risk management, investment and financing products in the capital 
markets. The Wealth Management product area is responsible for developing the DNB Group's savings, 
investment and pension products, and delivers defined-contribution pension schemes to all our customers 
in close cooperation with the customer areas. Wealth Management is also responsible for all the DNB 
Group's mutual fund products. 
The Payment & Innovation product area is focused on strategic business development and is responsible 
for three Group functions: innovation, payments (including associated infrastructure) and Open Banking, 
which works on opening up the DNB Bank Group's infrastructure to allow third-party service providers to 
access DNB Bank Group data in order to provide services to DNB Bank Group customers. 
The six staff and support units are Group Finance, Group Compliance, Group Risk Management, 
Technology & Services, People, and Communications. These units provide infrastructure services to the 
business areas and certain operational tasks that provide cost efficiencies if undertaken collectively for 
several business areas. Furthermore, the staff and support units perform functions for the governing bodies 
and management of the DNB Group. The size and capacity of the support units is a function of the volume 
of business and the DNB Group’s strategy. The support units are each designated as separate and 
independent entities. 
DNB Bank Group Reporting Structure – Business Segments 
Financial governance in the DNB Bank Group is adapted to the different segments. The income statements 
and balance sheets for the segments are presented in accordance with internal financial reporting principles, 
according to which revenues, costs and capital requirements are allocated to the segments based on a 
number of assumptions. Reported figures for the different segments thus reflect the DNB Bank Group's 
total sales of products and services to the relevant segments. The follow-up of total customer relationships 
and segment profitability are two important dimensions when making strategic priorities and deciding on 
where to allocate the DNB Bank Group's resources. 
With effect from the first quarter of 2020, the DNB Bank Group changed the composition of its reportable 
segments, as the Small and medium-sized enterprises and Large corporates and international customers 
were combined into the reportable segment Corporate customers. Comparative figures for the year ended 
31 December 2019 have been adjusted accordingly. 
A description of the DNB Bank Group’s business segments for financial reporting purposes as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus is set out below. 
Personal Customers 
This segment includes the DNB Bank Group’s approximately 2.1 million personal customers in Norway as 
of 11 March 2021. The customers are offered a wide range of services through Norway’s largest distribution 
network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking (7am to 11pm), digital banking, mobile banking 
solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking in stores. 
Personal Customers includes the DNB Bank Group’s total sales of products and services to personal 
customers in Norway, both digital and physical, with the exception of certain fixed interest residential 
mortgages, which are recorded under Traditional pension products. These mortgage portfolios were 
transferred to DNB Livsforsikring to reduce the balance sheet of the DNB Bank Group, and are reported as 
part of traditional pension products, where returns accrue to the policyholders. For the three months ended 
31 March 2021, Personal Customers recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 1,753 million, compared 
to NOK 7,821 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and NOK 8,837 million for the year ended 31 
December 2019, amounting to 25.1 per cent., 36.6 per cent. and 31.9 per cent. of the DNB Bank Group’s 
pre-tax operating profit for the first quarter of 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019,

--- Page 179 ---
11/67312202_22 
170 
respectively. As of 31 March 2021, loans to customers amounted to NOK 819.2 billion, while deposits from 
customers totalled NOK 464.1 billion. 
The DNB Bank Group is working to adapt products, service concepts and cost levels to the banking market 
of the future. In response to a higher self-service ratio, staff levels have been reduced and approximately 
half of the domestic branches were closed over the last few years. As at 31 March 2021, DNB had 54 
domestic branches left. The Bank will continue streamlining its branch structure to reflect changes in both 
markets and regulations and in line with the DNB Group’s commitment to digitalisation, cost reductions 
and the build-up of Tier 1 capital through higher retained profits. 
In the DNB Bank Group’s consolidated financial statements, the residential loan portfolio of DNB 
Boligkreditt is reported as part of the Personal customers. The remaining part of the DNB Boligkreditt 
business is reported as part of Other operations. Loans to customers booked in DNB Boligkreditt as of 31 
March 2021 amounted to NOK 688.4 billion. 
DNB Eiendom is reported within Personal Customers and is Norway’s largest real estate broker. The 
company offers services related to the sale of residential and holiday properties and housing projects, as 
well as advisory services in connection with the sale of other real estate. DNB Eiendom has experienced 
strong growth in market share and turnover and at the date of this Base Prospectus, DNB Eiendom had 127 
sales offices across Norway (including five franchise offices). 
Corporate Banking 
On 23 September 2019, the business areas Small and Medium-Sized Businesses and Large Corporates and 
International were merged to a new business area Corporate Banking. The rationale behind the 
organisational merger was to provide more consistent and comprehensive service to corporate customers. 
The segment includes the DNB Group's Norwegian corporate customers, the public sector, all international 
customers and financial institutions. DNB’s ambition is to maintain a leading position in Norway and 
strengthen its operations internationally within selected industries for its largest customers, while 
strengthening initiatives in the small and medium-sized corporate customer and start-up sectors. This 
change to the DNB Group’s composition of reportable segments took effect from 1 January 2020. For the 
three months ended 31 March 2021, Corporate Banking recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 4,558 
million, amounting to 65.3 per cent. of the DNB Bank Group’s pre-tax operating profit for the three months 
ending 31 March 2021. As of 31 March 2021, loans to customers amounted to NOK 773.4 billion, while 
deposits from customers totalled NOK 674 billion. 
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 
Prior to the end of 2019, this segment was responsible for product sales and advisory services to small and 
medium-sized enterprises in Norway. The Bank aspires to be a local bank for the whole of Norway, while 
offering the products and expertise of a large bank. Customers in this segment range from small businesses 
and start-up companies to relatively large corporate customers, and the product offerings are adapted to the 
customers’ different needs. Small and medium-sized enterprises are served through the DNB Bank Group’s 
physical distribution network throughout Norway as well as digital and telephone banking (7am to 11pm). 
The needs of companies are rapidly becoming more digital. During the last three years, there has been a 
more than 80.0 per cent. reduction in manual corporate services from branch offices, and 70.0 per cent. of 
all inquiries to the bank’s customer service centre are now being made from digital platforms. Changes in 
customer behaviour, combined with increasing digitalisation, mean that customers with straightforward 
needs can be served well and more efficiently through the bank’s digital channels. 
For reporting purposes, this segment includes the DNB Bank Group’s total sales of products and services 
to small and medium-sized enterprises in Norway. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises recorded a pre-tax operating 
profit of NOK 7,497 million, compared to NOK 6,570 million for 2018, amounting to 27 per cent. and 24.1 
per cent. of the DNB Bank Group’s pre-tax operating profit for 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of 31 
December 2019, loans to customers amounted to NOK 334 billion, while deposits from customers 
amounted to NOK 228 billion.

--- Page 180 ---
11/67312202_22 
171 
Large Corporates and International 
Prior to the end of 2019, this segment included the Bank’s largest Norwegian corporate customers, public 
sector and international customers, including all customer segments in Poland. 
Large Corporates and International serves large corporate customers in Norway and is responsible for the 
DNB Bank Group’s international operations, including the service of local customers in Poland. Long-term 
customer relationships based on sound industry and product expertise are key to the success of this business 
area. International initiatives are based on expertise within the business area’s strategic priority areas, which 
are shipping, energy and seafood. 
The Large Corporates and International business area serves Norwegian customers through central 
customer service departments, financial services and business centres and regional offices in Norway, as 
well as through the DNB Bank Group’s telephone and Internet banks. In addition, the DNB Bank Group’s 
corporate clients are offered services internationally through offices and branches in several countries 
around the world. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, Large Corporates and International recorded a pre-tax operating 
profit of NOK 9,938 million, compared to NOK 11,039 million for 2018, amounting to 35.9 per cent. and 
40.5 per cent. of the DNB Bank Group’s pre-tax operating profit for 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of 31 
December 2019, loans to customers amounted to NOK 430 billion, while deposits from customers 
amounted to NOK 314 billion. 
Other operations 
For the three months ended 31 March 2021, Trading and Other operations (which is now reported together 
as Other operations) recorded a pre-tax operating profit of NOK 673 million (amounting to 9.6 per cent. of 
the DNB Bank Group’s pre-tax operating profit) compared to NOK 3,847 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020, NOK 1,407 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 and NOK 449 million for 2018, 
amounting to 18.0 per cent., 5.1 per cent. and 1.6 per cent. of the DNB Bank Group’s pre-tax operating 
profit for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The DNB Bank Group has observed that almost all of its customers prefer to interact with it via digital 
channels. Accordingly, the Bank implemented extensive measures to adjust its branch structure in Norway 
to changes in customer behaviour. Parallel to this, additional resources were allocated to the customer 
service centre and to the innovation of new digital services, such as expanding on the popular financial 
transaction mobile wallet application, Vipps and the Spare savings app. 
In mid-February 2017, DNB entered into an alliance with 105 Norwegian savings banks to cooperate in the 
development and promotion of Vipps with the aim of it becoming the predominant mobile wallet for the 
whole of Norway. DNB teamed up with the SpareBank 1 alliance, the savings banks which are also co-
owners of Frende Forsikring, the Eika alliance and Sparebanken Møre as co-owners to establish Vipps as 
a separate company. DNB holds approximately 45 per cent. of the shares in the new company, Vipps AS. 
As from September 2017, Vipps AS has been incorporated in the financial accounts according to the equity 
method. On 17 November 2017, a group of Norwegian banks, including DNB, Eika and Sparebank 1 
Gruppen, announced a preliminary agreement to merge the payment units Vipps, BankAxept and BankID 
Norge in order to improve their product offering and better place themselves for competition against global 
tech firms. The merged company, Vipps AS, was established in Oslo in August 2018. 
Litigation 
Due to its extensive operations in Norway and abroad, the DNB Bank Group will regularly be party to a 
number of legal actions. None of the current disputes are expected to have any material impact on the DNB 
Bank Group’s financial position. 
The Norwegian Consumer Council filed in 2016 a class action against DNB Asset Management, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of DNB ASA offering asset management services, where it claimed compensation for up 
to NOK 690 million on behalf of 180,000 investors in three funds managed by DNB Asset Management 
based on allegations that the funds were charging high fees for active management but were simply tracking 
an index. The main hearing of the merits of the case took place in the Oslo City Court over a three-week 
period from 20 November 2017. On 12 January 2018 the Oslo City Court ruled in favour of DNB Asset 
Management, rejecting the Norwegian Consumer Council’s claim. The verdict was appealed on 12

--- Page 181 ---
11/67312202_22 
172 
February 2018. The Norwegian Consumer Council reduced its claim by approximately NOK 234 million, 
but in the event of an unfavourable outcome, this lawsuit could still expose the DNB Group to significant 
liability (approximately NOK 455 million) and/or reputational damage. On 9 May 2019 the Borgarting 
Court of Appeal ruled against DNB Asset Management and awarded the investors a total compensation of 
approximately NOK 350 million. DNB Asset Management appealed the verdict to the Supreme Court. On 
28 February 2020, the Supreme Court upheld the Court of Appeal’s ruling and ordered DNB Asset 
Management to pay compensation to investors of approximately NOK 350 million. The decision is final. 
On 28 November 2019, Økokrim (the Norwegian National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of 
Economic and Environmental Crime) announced that it had initiated an investigation of DNB regarding the 
Icelandic fisheries company Samherji. Samherji has been accused of money laundering and corruption in 
connection with the company’s activities in Namibia. Økokrim carried out a thorough investigation of 
DNB’s role in the Samherji case. The police dropped the case against DNB on 11 February 2021, after 
DNB had disclosed all relevant information. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published a report from December 
2020 regarding the Samherji matter. The incidents covered by the NFSA in the Samherji case are time-
barred or date to a period that was covered under the previous anti-money laundering act and are therefore 
not sanctionable under the current law. DNB’s anti-money laundering efforts have since been significantly 
intensified. DNB acknowledges that there were shortcomings related to customer due diligence in the six 
companies as noted by the NFSA in connection with the Samherji case. The Bank’s own investigations 
have uncovered the same shortcomings that the NFSA points to.  
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 7 December 2020, DNB announced that a preliminary report from the NFSA 
indicated the possibility of an administrative fine of NOK 400 million, due to inadequate compliance with 
the Norwegian Anti-Money Laundering Act. On 3 May 2021, NFSA published its final report and a 
resolution related to this case (both dated 30 April 2021) related to this case, confirming that the fine was 
imposed. DNB has already recognised the total fine in its annual financial statements for 2020. DNB has 
not been under suspicion of money laundering or complicity in money laundering. However, in its report 
of 30 April 2021, the NFSA was critical of DNB’s compliance with the AML regulations and remediation 
of weakneses identified in prior inspections. The NFSA has also indicated that certain findings of this 
review will form part of its further monitoring of the Bank to ensure that identified instances of non-
comliance are addressed.. DNB spends considerable resources in the battle against money laundering. 
Nevertheless, DNB acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had not given sufficient results at 
the time of the inspection, and DNB therefore announced the same day that it accepted the fine. 
Regulatory Developments 
Measures to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak 
In order to mitigate the adverse effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on Norway's economy, business 
community and labor market, the Norwegian authorities have implemented extensive financial measures. 
The Norwegian Government has also presented an exit strategy for the COVID-19 outbreak, including 
additional measures intended to help get more people back to work and boost activity and value creation in 
the Norwegian business community, as well as to promote the green shift. Among the most important 
measures in place as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the following: 
• 
Government compensation scheme for businesses. Offers compensation to cover up to 85 per cent. 
of fixed costs for businesses experiencing significantly reduced turnover as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic, up to NOK 160 million for each two month-period. 
• 
Government loan programme. NOK 50 billion loan programme enabling loan financing to 
businesses. The Government guarantees 90 per cent. of each bank loan. On 13 November 2020, 
the Norwegian Ministry of Finance decided that the loan guarantee programme is to be extended 
until 30 June 2021. 
• 
Reduced counter-cyclical buffer rate from 2.5 to 1.0 per cent. Allows for higher lending capacity 
in the banking sector. On 18 March 2021, Norges Bank decided not to recommend increasing the 
counter-cyclical buffer rate. The Ministry followed Norges Bank’s recommendation. 
• 
Increased and extended benefit schemes for unemployed/temporarily laid-off members of the 
working population. Extension of the scheme by granting benefits from the first day and increasing

--- Page 182 ---
11/67312202_22 
173 
the daily allowance, and offering 80 per cent. compensation to self-employed entrepreneurs. The 
scheme leads to higher registered unemployment as businesses lay off employees to save costs. 
• 
Lowered key policy rate. In an effort to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on 
economic activity in Norway, the key policy rate was reduced from 1.50 per cent. to zero in three 
phases between March and May 2020. 
MREL requirement – extension of grandfathering period 
The EU’s Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) has been effective in Norway since 1 January 
2019. On 20 December 2019, the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) was 
determined for DNB and seven other Norwegian banks. The MREL requirement applied from 30 June 
2020. Initially, preferred senior debt issued before 1 January 2020, with more than one year’s remaining 
maturity, qualified as MREL-eligible debt until 31 December 2022 (grandfathering). Due to the demanding 
market conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the NFSA announced on 26 May 2020 that the 
grandfathering period was to be extended to 1 January 2024, with there no longer being a requirement that 
the preferred senior debt qualifying until 1 January 2024 was issued before 1 January 2020. 
Expectation for the distribution of profits 
In a press release published on 25 March 2020, the Ministry of Finance expressed an expectation that 
Norwegian financial institutions should refrain from distributing profits until the economic uncertainty has 
subsided. On 8 June 2020, the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB) published a recommendation to 
national authorities urging them to request financial institutions to refrain from distributing profits, in light 
of the economic uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. The recommendation includes requesting 
financial institutions to refrain from distributing dividends, buying back shares and providing variable 
remuneration to individual employees at least until 1 January 2021. In a letter to the NFSA dated 20 January 
2021, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance stated that financial institutions should exercise caution in paying 
dividends for 2019 and 2020, and that until 30 September 2021, such payments should be limited to a 
maximum of 30 per cent. of the relevant institution’s cumulative results for 2019 and 2020, up until 30 
September 2021. 
CRR Quick Fix 
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced the adoption of the CRR Quick Fix package to facilitate bank 
lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in recovering from the COVID-19 crisis. 
The CRR Quick Fix Regulation was published in the EU Official Journal on 26 June 2020 and entered into 
effect on 27 June 2020. The amendments to CRR include, among other things, changes to the minimum 
amount of capital that banks are required to hold for non-performing loans (NPL) under the "prudential 
backstop", the extension by two years of transitional arrangements related to the implementation of the 
international accounting standard IFRS 9, additional flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects 
of the extreme market volatility observed during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of 
some capital relief measure for banks under CRR 2, most notably with respect to preferential treatment of 
certain loans backed by pensions or salaries and their SMEs and infrastructure loans, to encourage the credit 
flow to pensioners, employees, businesses and infrastructure investments. 
It is still not clear how this may affect the regulatory framework for the Norwegian banking industry. On 9 
April 2021, the Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to the implementation of CRDV, CRR 
2 and BRRD2 in Norway. The date of implementation is unlikely to be before the end of 2021 and may 
depend on other countries in the EEC.  
Implementation of CRR2/CRDV/BRRD2 in Norway 
On 5 February 2020, the Ministry of Finance asked the NFSA to organise a working group to propose 
relevant changes in Norwegian law as a result of CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2. The working group presented 
its proposal on 9 October 2020. On 9 April 2021, the Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to 
the implementation of CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 in Norway. The date of implementation is unlikely to 
be before the end of 2021 and may depend  on other countries in the EEC.

--- Page 183 ---
11/67312202_22 
174 
Regulation of Banks’ Lending Practices 
Banks' lending practices towards households are currently regulated by the Home Mortgage Regulations 
and the Consumer Loan Regulations. On 9 December 2020, the Government decided to extend the 
applicable provisions of these regulations for a new period of four years, with a mid-term evaluation after 
two years. However, the two separate regulations will be combined into one common set of regulations on 
lending. The Government decided against following the NFSA’s recommendation to expand the regulatory 
scope to include loans secured by collateral other than property. However, this will be assessed in the 
evaluation to be performed in the autumn of 2022. 
New Financial Contracts Act 
The new Financial Contracts Act was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament in December 2020. The Act is 
expected to enter into force on 1 January 2022. The new Act is based on the current one, with 
comprehensive amendments. Due to the scope and complexity of the Act, DNB had already established a 
fast-working Group project in the Summer of 2020, to identify the need for adjustments to systems, products 
and services. 
Risk mitigation through Innovation Norway's growth guarantee scheme 
The purpose of the growth guarantee scheme is to make bank financing more easily available to innovative 
or fast-growing SMEs. The guarantee scheme is based on an agreement between the European Investment 
Fund and Innovation Norway. Through the scheme, Innovation Norway guarantees 75 per cent. of banks’ 
losses on loans of up to NOK 4 million per company. DNB and five other banks have tested the scheme 
since 2017, and it is now being expanded and rolled out further with 14 banks participating in total. Until 
18 January 2022 (with the possibility of extension to 31 December 2022), Norwegian banks will be able to 
provide loans totalling nearly NOK 2 billion in risk capital to companies that meet the criteria. DNB has 
been allocated NOK 700 million of this amount. 
Changes in capital requirements for banks 
On 31 December 2019, the EU's capital requirements regulations CRR/CRD IV were fully implemented in 
Norway. This regulatory framework helps highlight the strong capital adequacy of the banking group. At 
the same time, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has clearly signaled that there should be no easing of the 
capital requirements for banks as a result of the removal of the so-called Basel I floor and the reduction of 
the capital requirement for lending to small and medium-sized enterprises (the SME supporting factor). The 
Ministry is therefore adjusting the use of policy instruments in the banks' capital requirements so that a 
greater share of the risk is covered by the capital requirements in Pillar 1. 
For the DNB Bank Group and other banks using the advanced IRB approach, the systemic risk buffer 
requirement will increase from 3 to 4.5 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2020. For the banking 
group's exposures abroad, the buffer rate set in the country in question will apply, and for exposures in 
countries that have not set a systemic risk buffer requirement, the rate will be 0 per cent. This means that 
the systemic risk buffer requirement for the DNB Bank Group is reduced from 4.5 to about 3.0 per cent. 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance is also introducing a floor for the average risk weighting of lending for 
real estate, especially aimed at foreign banks with operations in Norway. After being increased to 2.5 per 
cent. with effect from 31 December 2019, the Ministry of Finance announced on 13 March 2020, following 
advice from Norges Bank, as one of its COVID-19 measures, to reduce the counter-cyclical buffer to 1 per 
cent. with immediate effect. The DNB Bank Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is the weighted 
average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Bank Group has credit exposures. Since several 
countries in which the DNB Bank Group has exposures have set the requirement lower than 1.0 per cent., 
the DNB Bank Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is currently approximately 0.74 per cent. as 
of 31 March 2021. On 18 March 2021, Norges Bank decided not to recommend increasing the counter-
cyclical buffer rate. The Ministry of Finance followed Norges Bank’s recommendation. 
New rules on securitization underway 
A working group appointed by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has considered the implementation of 
the EU’s rules on securitization in Norwegian law. The working group has concluded that failure to 
implement the rules correctly and in full will constitute a breach of Norway's obligations under the EEA 
Agreement. DNB is thus one step closer to a system where Norwegian banks are allowed the same access

--- Page 184 ---
11/67312202_22 
175 
as banks in the EU to use this type of instrument for both funding and risk management. The Ministry of 
Finance presented a proposal for new regulations on securitization on 4 December 2020. It is currently not 
known when these regulations will enter into force. 
New Act on Sustainability-related Disclosures circulated for public comment 
The EU has adopted two regulations relating to sustainability, one on sustainability-related disclosures in 
the financial services sector and one on the establishment of a framework for a classification system 
(taxonomy) to facilitate sustainable investment. The requirements are comprehensive and detailed. 
The regulations have not yet been incorporated into the EEA Agreement, but the NFSA has, at the request 
of the Ministry of Finance, looked into how they can be introduced in Norway, so that their entry into force 
can follow the EU timeline. The NFSA proposes that the disclosure requirements and reporting obligations 
are put into effect through a new act on sustainability-related disclosures. The purpose of gathering all the 
requirements in one act is to achieve a better overview of the various rules in this area, and greater 
harmonisation. In addition, a new act will reflect the increased societal importance of disclosures of this 
kind and clarify the connection between the various disclosure requirements and reporting obligations 
Credit information companies will enable better credit assessments 
In 2019, two debt information companies became fully operational in Norway, and all banks licenced to 
provide unsecured loans are obliged to furnish these two companies with information about established 
loan agreements and credit line agreements. The debt information services are intended to function as an 
aid for both customers and banks. It is now easier for customers to get an overview of their own debt 
situation, and banks can easily check the actual amount of debt a loan applicant has. Banks can thus conduct 
a better credit assessment of customers seeking loans, which may prevent consumers from taking up more 
debt than they can service. 
PSD2 and Open Banking 
The EU’s revised payment services directive, PSD2, has now entered into force in Norway. The directive 
was mainly implemented in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Payment Services Regulations 
in March 2019. The technical regulations for secure customer authentication came into force on 14 
September 2019, and this, in effect, marked the start of the provision of third-party services related to 
account information and account-to-account payments in Norway. So far, interest seems to be limited 
among potential providers as well as consumers. This is in line with the experience in markets where 
developments have progressed further. The DNB Bank group is actively working to position the bank with 
a view to protecting its existing business operations, while making the most of the potential and reducing 
the disadvantages of Open Banking. 
Regulatory sandbox established to facilitate innovation 
The NFSA has created a regulatory sandbox for the fintech industry. The sandbox will give businesses the 
opportunity to test new products and services on a small scale under close supervision by the NFSA, the 
aim being that the sandbox will contribute to technological innovation and the entry of more new players 
in the market. The sandbox is also intended help enhance the NFSA's understanding of new technological 
solutions and business models, and make it easier to identify potential risks or the need for regulatory 
changes at an early stage. 
Tax advisors’ disclosure obligation and duty of confidentiality 
In the Official Norwegian Report NOU 2019:15, the so-called Skatterådgiverutvalget (tax advisors 
committee) proposes that a disclosure obligation be imposed towards the Norwegian tax authorities. The 
disclosure obligation shall apply to both tax advisors and customers, who are thus obliged to disclose 
information about tax arrangements that pose a risk of aggressive tax planning, in line with international 
recommendations (BEPS). The committee proposes to implement this in Norway in the same manner as in 
the EU, to a large extent based on the EU Council Directive DAC 6. The proposal is comprehensive and 
will primarily have consequences for lawyers, accountants and others who offer tax advice. Financial 
institutions may also become subject to the disclosure obligation. In addition, the committee has proposed 
that correspondence between in-house lawyers and their clients shall no longer be subject to legal privilege. 
The proposals have been circulated for public comment and are now being considered by the Ministry of 
Finance.

--- Page 185 ---
11/67312202_22 
176 
New Act on Protective Security Services may result in stricter security measures 
The new Act on Protective Security Services (the "Security Act") entered into force on 1 January 2019. In 
accordance with the act, the ministries have been responsible for designating so-called basic national 
functions ('grunnleggende nasjonale funksjoner', GNFs) in the course of 2019, and for identifying 
companies within their respective sectors that fulfil such functions. 
New Personal Data Act 
The Norwegian Parliament (Stortinget) has adopted a new Personal Data Act, which implements the EU 
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Norway. The new Act entered into force on 20 July 2018. 
New Personal Data Regulations and separate transitional Regulations have also been adopted. 
The DNB Group has done considerable work to prepare for the new regulation. A group privacy officer 
role was established for key DNB Group companies in Norway and in the EU. DNB also introduced 
processes to safeguard customer rights to information and for handling and reporting violations of privacy 
protection regulations. In 2018, the DNB Group established a Group Privacy Office, which also includes a 
group privacy officer and senior privacy officers. The function will be responsible for coordinating efforts 
to ensure compliance with privacy protection legislation both nationally and internationally. The DNB 
Group will continue to focus on strengthening privacy protection in the future. 
New anti-money laundering legislation 
The new Money Laundering Act and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations entered into force on 15 October 
2018. The new legislation implements the EU’s fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive in Norwegian 
law and involves, among other things, stricter requirements for customer due diligence and more 
responsibilities for the management and Board of Directors. Administrative sanctions for companies and 
individuals who do not abide by the law have also been introduced. 
The financial activities tax 
The financial activities tax was introduced in 2017 and includes two elements: 
• 
A 5 percentage point increase in employer’s national insurance contributions and 
• 
A 25 per cent. corporate income tax rate for the financial services industry, compared to 2 per cent. 
for non-financial companies. 
Possible new guidelines on IRB models 
The NFSA is currently working on a circular that is intended to guide banks on the Authority’s practice for 
the approval and supervision of IRB models. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the work on the circular was 
put on hold during the winter of 2020. On 15 March 2021, the NFSA announced that it has resumed working 
on the circular  and that a draft has been submitted to Finance Norway for comment. If the circular becomes 
applicable in its current form, it may entail a tightening of the capital requirements for banks using IRB 
models that are subject to Norwegian rules and legislation. 
Update of methodology for calculated expected losses in stage 3 
In the fall of 2020, DNB commenced an internal project to update its methodology for calculating expected 
losses in stage 3. This update is partly in response to DNB’s on-going dialogue with the NFSA regarding 
the NFSA’s expectations of how expected losses in stage 3 should be calculated. DNB expects this update 
to be completed in the third quarter of 2021.

--- Page 186 ---
11/67312202_22 
177 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management 
The ability to manage risk is of crucial importance in the financial service industry and is a prerequisite for 
value creation over time. The Bank aims to maintain a low risk profile and to only assume risk that is 
understood and can be monitored. Risk management implies that profitability is considered relative to risk, 
while ensuring that the DNB Group is secured against unintentional risk. Healthy risk management is based 
on a strong risk culture, which is characterised by a high level of awareness concerning risk and risk 
management in the organisation. The DNB Group policy for risk management sets out the principles for all 
of the DNB Group’s risk management activities and defines the ambitions for, attitudes towards and 
organisation of risk management. All managers are responsible for risk within their own area of 
responsibility. Risk is managed through personal authorisations and risk limits. Risk management functions 
and the development of risk management tools are undertaken by units which are independent of operations 
in individual business areas. 
As an integral part of the DNB Group, the DNB Bank Group is subject to the DNB Group risk management 
policies as summarized in this section. 
Responsibilities and organisation 
Risk management in the DNB Group is based on a model with three lines of defence. Key risk management 
principles are clear goals and strategies, policies and guidelines, as well as an effective operating structure 
and transparent reporting. 
The first line of defence is the operational management’s governance and internal control, including 
processes and activities to reach defined goals relating to operational efficiency, reliable financial reporting 
and compliance with laws and regulations. The business units own the risk and are responsible for daily 
risk management within their area. They shall at all times ensure that risk management and risk exposure 
are within the limits and overarching principles decided by the Board of Directors. 
The second line of defence represents independent functions which monitor and follow up the operational 
management’s governance and internal control. The functions are established to ensure that the first line of 
defense is properly designed and functions as intended. The second line of defence is responsible for setting 
the premises for risk management and for coordination across organisational units and for risk reporting. 
The third line of defence is Group Audit, which reviews and evaluates group management’s overall 
governance and internal control. Group Audit reviews risk management in the first and second lines of 
defence, and identifies potential improvements in operations by evaluating risk management and internal 
control. Group Audit is independent of the Group’s executive management and reports to the Board of 
Directors of DNB ASA. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of DNB ASA carries responsibility for ensuring that the Group is adequately 
capitalised relative to the risk and scope of operations, and that capital requirements stipulated in laws and 
regulations are met. The Board of Directors of DNB ASA sets long-term targets for the DNB Group’s risk 
profile through the risk appetite framework. The Board of Directors continually monitors the DNB Group’s 
capital situation. 
The Board of Directors of DNB ASA annually reviews the DNB Group’s principal risk areas and internal 
control. The review, which is based on reporting from the group chief executive, aims to document the 
quality of the work performed in key risk areas and to identify any weaknesses and needs for improvement. 
The Board of Directors is assisted by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the 
Compensation and Organisation Committee – see below under "Management". 
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee is a preparatory and advisory committee to the DNB Board for 
designated matters. The Committee shall ensure that the Group and its constituent entities have adequate 
risk management. The Committee monitors and oversees group systems for internal control and risk

--- Page 187 ---
11/67312202_22 
178 
management, including group risk management policies. Further, the Committee advises the Board with 
respect to the Group's risk profile, including the Group's current and future risk appetite and strategy. Such 
advice may include strategies for capital and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational 
risk, risk related to compliance and reputation as well as other risks within the Group. The Committee 
prepares the Board's follow-up of risk management in the Group, including reviewing and assessing 
Management’s risk reporting with a particular focus on the capitalisation of the Group (ICAAP), significant 
changes in models for calculating economic capital and risk-adjusted returns and monitoring of risk limits 
and strategies. Members of the risk management committee are currently Tore Olaf Rimmereid (Chair), 
Gro Bakstad, Karl-Christian Agerup and Carl Anders Løvvik, appointed among the members of the DNB 
Board. Jens Petter Olsen is an observer, appointed among the members of the Board of Directors of DNB 
Bank ASA. 
Audit Committee 
The audit committee is a preparatory and advisory working committee for the DNB Board, fulfilling its 
supervisory responsibilities by, among other things, monitoring the Group's financial reporting process and 
the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management processes established by the Board of 
Directors of the Group and the CEO. The Committee monitors the financial reporting process, including 
maintaining continuous contact with the statutory auditor and Group Audit (which reviews and evaluates 
group management's overall governance and internal control; it is independent of the Group's executive 
management and reports to the Board of Directors of DNB ASA) regarding the audit of the annual accounts, 
and examining the statutory audit of the annual and consolidated accounts. Further, the Committee reviews 
and monitors the independence of the statutory auditor, in particular whether other services delivered by 
the statutory auditor or the audit firm constitute a threat against the statutory auditor's independence. In 
addition, the committee shall ensure that the external and internal audits are performed independently of 
management and discuss the nature and scope of the audit with the auditors. Members of the audit 
committee are currently Gro Bakstad (Chair), Tore Olaf Rimmereid, Karl-Christian Agerup and Carl 
Anders Løvvik, appointed among the members of the DNB Board. Jens Petter Olsen is an observer, 
appointed among the members of the Board of Directors of DNB Bank ASA. The CEO and/or the CFO, 
the Chief Audit Executive and the statutory auditor's representative are present at meetings with the right 
to participate in discussions, but without the right to vote. The members of the audit committee are 
independent of the executive management of the DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA. 
Group chief executive and executive bodies 
The group chief executive is responsible for implementing risk management measures that help achieve 
targets for operations set by the Board of Directors of DNB ASA, including the development of effective 
management systems and internal control. The group management meeting is the group chief executive’s 
collegiate body for management at group level. All important decisions concerning risk and capital 
management will generally be made in consultation with the group management team. Authorisations must 
be in place for the extension of credit and for position and trading limits in all critical financial areas. All 
authorisations are personal. Authorisations are determined by the Board of Directors of DNB ASA and the 
Bank, along with overall limits, and can be delegated in the organisation, though any further delegation 
must be approved and followed up by the relevant person’s immediate superior. 
A number of advisory bodies have been established to assist in preparing documentation and implementing 
monitoring and control within various specialist areas. 
Group Risk Management 
Group Risk Management is the central, independent risk management unit in DNB Group. The entity is 
headed by the DNB Group’s chief risk officer (the "CRO"), who reports directly to the group chief 
executive. The CRO sets the premises for risk taking and internal control, and assesses and reports the DNB 
Group’s risk situation. Operational risk was largely centralized in 2018, with the majority of the DNB 
Group’s risk entities organised in Group Risk Management, although parts of operative risk management 
are organised in the business areas. Certain Operational risk officers (e.g., for international offices) formally 
remain local, they have reporting lines to Group Risk Management.

--- Page 188 ---
11/67312202_22 
179 
Compliance 
At the end of 2017, Group Compliance was established as a separate staff area in the DNB Group. The 
entity is headed by the group executive vice president, who reports directly to the group chief executive. 
The compliance function is an independent function which identifies, evaluates, gives advice on, monitors 
and reports on the DNB Group’s compliance risk. All business areas and support units, as well as large 
subsidiaries and international entities, have a compliance function with responsibility for ensuring 
compliance with relevant regulations. The compliance functions in international entities report directly to 
the group executive vice president. The responsibility for ethics in the DNB Group is also organised under 
the compliance function. 
Audit 
Independent and effective audits help ensure satisfactory risk management and internal controls as well as 
reliable financial reporting. Group Audit receives its instructions from the Board of Directors of DNB ASA, 
which also approves the department’s annual plans and budgets. 
Group Audit should verify that adequate and effective risk management and internal control are in place. 
Group audit should also assess whether risk identification, established management processes and control 
measures effectively contribute to strengthening the DNB Group’s ability to reach targets. 
Risk reporting 
According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, the DNB Group assumes risk which is 
understood and can be managed. The DNB Group is committed not to offer products or services or perform 
other acts which entail a significant risk of contributing to unethical conduct, the infringement of human or 
labour rights, corruption or serious environmental harm. 
Group policy for risk management 
The Board of Directors of DNB ASA has approved the group policy for risk management, which should 
serve as a guide for the DNB Group’s overall risk management and describes the ambitions for attitudes to 
and work on risk in the DNB Group. The risk management policy is a common framework for risk 
management in all units in the DNB Group. 
The Board of Directors has also approved group policies for compliance and ethics. 
All activity in the group involves risk. The ability to manage risk is the core of financial activity and a 
prerequisite for value creation over time. 
According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, DNB Group shall only assume risk which is 
understood and can be managed. DNB distinguishes between risk which is taken actively, where returns 
should be maximised, such as credit risk, and risk that generates no return and should be held at an 
acceptably low level, such as operational risk. The DNB Group shall only assume risk which is understood 
and can be followed up and shall not be associated with activities that can harm its reputation. The culture 
of the group shall be characterised by individual responsibility, transparent methods and processes that 
support sound risk management.  
Capital Management 
Assessment of risk profile and capital requirements 
Pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, all companies must at all times have 
an adequate equity base which takes into account the extent of the company’s activities and the risk they 
involve. Capital adequacy regulations specify a minimum primary capital requirement, which includes 
credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In addition to meeting the minimum requirement, the DNB 
Group must satisfy various buffer requirements. The difference between buffer requirements and minimum 
requirements lies in the consequences of non-compliance. Non-compliance with minimum requirements 
could result in the bank being restructured or wound up, while non-compliance with buffer requirements 
would result in implementing measures to strengthen capitalisation. Non-compliance with buffer 
requirements will result in restrictions on dividend payments, interest payments on hybrid securities and 
variable remuneration payments to employees. The NFSA assesses whether there are any risk elements in

--- Page 189 ---
11/67312202_22 
180 
the individual institution that are not adequately covered by the basis of calculation for the minimum 
requirements and the general capital requirements (Pillar 1). These are referred to as the Pillar 2 
requirements. 
According to the DNB Group’s capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group shall in normal times 
operate with a headroom to the at any time applicable requirement (including the Pillar 2 Guidance) from 
the NFSA. This headroom shall cover unforeseen volatility in risk weighted assets and the capital base, 
support strategic flexibility and contribute to maintain trust in that dividends are paid according to the DNB 
Group’s dividend policy and that coupon is paid on additional tier 1 instruments. The leverage ratio for the 
DNB Group, for DNB ASA and the DNB Bank Group shall in normal circumstances fulfill the regulatory 
requirements with a reasonable margin. The capitalisation guidelines are reviewed each year based on the 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (the “ICAAP”) and feedback from the authorities through 
SREP. 
The Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB Group are subject to the BRRD’s resolution tools and 
powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers, which may be used alone or in combination 
where the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of 
such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) 
sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole 
or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to 
transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this 
purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to 
meet its repayment obligation; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer 
impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be 
used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the 
power to avail itself of the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to use non-viability loss absorption. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any 
such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers 
under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or 
(iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is 
an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and 
to preserve financial stability. 
In the event of non-compliance with the combined requirements, including the Pillar 2 requirements, the 
Bank will have to explain the reason therefor to NFSA and present planned measures. 
According to the DNB Group’s capital strategy and dividend policy, the Group aims to be among the best 
capitalised financial services groups in the Nordic region based on equal calculation principles. Dividends 
will be determined based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial strength and 
developments in external parameters. The Bank’s capitalisation guidelines specify a targeted capitalisation

--- Page 190 ---
11/67312202_22 
181 
level, the frequency of reviews of the Bank’s capital situation and the measurement methods to be used, 
such as economic capital and the use of stress tests. 
The capitalisation targets are based on the Group’s prevailing risk-weighted assets at any given time. 
Basel III 
Basel III is an international regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity 
risk issued by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision. 
The final elements of this framework were added in December 2017 and will, in accordance with the 
agreement, generally be implemented by 1 January 2023, with certain requirements being subject to 
transitional periods, such as the risk-weight capital floor (equivalent to 72.5 per cent. of the RWA 
requirements under the standardised approach) which is to be implemented over a phased-in period of five 
years (originally scheduled to commence from January 2022, but postponed by one year in light of the 
economic impacts of COVID-19). Basel III has been implemented in EU and EEA by means of CRR/CRD 
IV. 
• 
CRR (the Capital Requirements Regulation) is a regulation and applies throughout the EU 
independent of national legislation. Through the EEA agreement, Norway is required to comply 
with the regulation. 
• 
CRD IV (the Capital Requirements Directive) is the legal framework for the supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the EU. In accordance with the EEA agreement, Norway is 
required to transpose the directive into Norwegian legislation. 
CRR/CRD IV was implemented in Norway on 31 December 2019 through amendments to the Financial 
Institutions Act and the CRR/CRD IV Regulation. 
Capital adequacy 
On 31 December 2019, Norway fully implemented the EU's capital requirements legislation CRR/CRD IV, 
and the so-called Basel I floor was removed. Valuation rules used in the statutory accounts form the basis 
for the consolidation, which is subject to special consolidation rules governed by the Consolidation 
Regulations. 
Risk-weighted assets were increased by NOK 5.5 billion from 31 December 2019 to NOK 930 billion at 
31 December 2020. Risk-weighted assets were reduced by NOK 75 billion from 31 December 2018 to 
NOK 925 billion at 31 December 2019. Reduced risk-weighted assets in stage 3 loans and the Luminor sale 
in 2019 contributed to a reduction of NOK 44 and 18 billion respectively. Furthermore, a reduction in the 
capital requirement for loans to small and medium-sized enterprises (the SME supporting factor) was 
introduced as a consequence of the new CRR / CRD IV regulations. This resulted in a reduction in the risk-
weighted assets of NOK 17 billion, partly offset by a higher risk factor for regional portfolios as a result of 
regulatory, increased security margins for loss given default (LGD). 
The DNB Group’s capitalisation level is intended to support the Bank’s AA level rating target for ordinary 
long-term funding.  
Economic capital requirements 
The DNB Bank Group quantifies risk by measuring economic capital. The quantification of economic 
capital is based on statistical probability calculations for the various risk categories on the basis of historical 
data. As it is impossible to guard against all potential losses, DNB has stipulated that economic capital 
should cover 99.9 per cent. of potential losses within a one-year horizon. 
Internal economic capital is lower than external requirements. As a consequence, economic capital is 
grossed up to a total allocated capital ("TAC") to bridge the gap. TAC and expected losses over a 
normalised business cycle are elements in the calculations of risk-adjusted return, which is a key financial 
parameter in the internal management of the DNB Group. The calculations are included in the financial 
planning for the business areas and are reported quarterly. Risk-adjusted return is included in the prevailing 
pricing models used across the group and the results thereof are embedded in all business decisions by 
management. The figures are reported on a monthly basis in the management systems.

--- Page 191 ---
11/67312202_22 
182 
The DNB Bank Group quantifies economic capital for the following risk categories: credit risk, market 
risk, operational risk and business risk. A significant diversification or portfolio effect arises when the 
various risks are considered together, as it is unlikely that all losses will occur at the same time. An 
economic downturn will normally have a negative effect on most areas, but there will be a diversification 
effect, as not all areas will be affected equally negatively. The diversification effect between risk categories 
and business areas implies that the DNB Group’s economic capital will be lower than if the business areas 
had been independent companies. 
Estimated risk level 
As of 31 December 2020, the DNB Bank Group estimated its net economic capital at NOK 52.6 billion, 
compared to NOK 46.9 billion as of 31 December 2019 and NOK 50.3 billion as of 31 December 2018. 
The operational risk situation in 2020 was satisfactory. There was a stable, low level of losses which was 
well below the limit in the risk appetite framework. In the banking industry, there is high risk of data fraud, 
whereby confidential information goes astray or the bank is exposed to digital attacks and data vandalism. 
Measures to strengthen information security in DNB have been identified in order to meet an ever-more 
serious threat scenario. Strong emphasis is being placed on strengthening the DNB Bank Group’s security 
solutions to counter digital attacks. 
Stress testing 
Stress testing is a key element in the assessment of the DNB Group’s capitalisation and is also used in 
connection with financial planning. Stress tests are used to predict how changes in macroeconomic 
conditions will affect the need for capital. The group management team is involved in determining the 
scenarios and underlying assumptions that will be used in the stress tests and uses the outcome of such 
testing as a basis for strategies and action plans. 
Stress testing is a second line function, and the CRO has the overall responsibility for stress testing in DNB. 
Stress tests are presented to the Group Advisory Credit Committee or the asset and liability committee for 
their opinions, and are approved by the CRO. The CRO is responsible for recommending measures based 
on the conclusions of the stress tests. 
Important stress tests that are carried out minimum annually in DNB are the following: 
• 
Extensive stress testing of the DNB Group and DNB Boligkreditt AS are carried out as a part of 
the annual ICAAP reporting, see the chapter on capital management and ICAAP. 
• 
Crisis scenarios are being developed and tested as part of the DNB Group's recovery plan. 
• 
Stress tests of specific credit portfolios are conducted on an ongoing basis. 
• 
The bank regularly conducts liquidity risk stress tests to ensure that sufficient liquid assets are 
available to meet difficult situations in a satisfactory manner. 
• 
A special stress testing programme for counterparty credit risk has been established, which will 
reveal undesirable outcomes of the total counterparty credit risk exposure, both on a stand-alone 
basis and as part of the bank's credit risk exposure. 
DNB participates in the stress tests of European banks coordinated by the European Banking Authority 
("EBA"). The stress tests are conducted every other year and the next stress test will be in 2021. The stress 
tests assess European banks’ resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and 
reductions in net interest income, and the resulting effects on the banks’ common equity Tier 1 capital 
ratios. In the EU stress test in the third quarter of 2018, the DNB Bank Group was described by the EBA 
as having strong resilience to economic crises compared to its peer tested banks. DNB also participates in 
the IMF stress test, which is conducted every five years. This stress test will also be conducted in 2020. 
Risk appetite 
The risk appetite framework forms part of the strategic management of the DNB Group and consists of 
limits and assessment principles for the types of risks that are of particular importance for DNB. Principles

--- Page 192 ---
11/67312202_22 
183 
for risk appetite were updated by the Board of Directors in 2019 and are included as part of the governance 
principles at the highest level of DNB’s hierarchy of governing documents. 
The Group’s risk appetite framework is decided by the Board of Directors and is reviewed and renewed at 
least once a year. 
The risk appetite framework must be implemented throughout the organisation, by means of risk tolerances 
for and as a part of work with strategies and planning processes in DNB. Risk indicators have been 
established on lower organisational levels to underpin the limits in the risk appetite framework. The risk 
indicators can be in the form of limits for quantifiable risk or qualitative assessments of the risk level. They 
need not be based on the same measurement parameters as the ones used at the group level, but it must be 
possible to link them to the same risk types and measure the same trends. The procedures for monitoring 
risk indicators are tailored to the individual business areas and aims to ensure that risk is kept within the 
level stipulated in the risk appetite framework. The risk level is measured against the risk appetite 
framework every month, and provides an overall summary of the risk situation in the DNB Group. The risk 
appetite framework contains 15 different risk dimensions, across different risk types and business areas: 
Risk type: 
− 
Dimensions 
Profitability and earnings: 
− 
Risk-adjusted profit 
Capital adequacy: 
− 
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy, 
the DNB Group and the DNB Bank Group 
− 
Solvency margin DNB Livsforsikring AS, 
without transitional rules 
Market risk: 
− 
Market risk as a percentage of financial 
capital; 
− 
Regulatory 
capital 
requirements 
for 
market risk, DNB Bank Group and DNB 
Livsforsikring AS 
Credit risk: 
− 
Concentration risk towards industries and 
counterparties; 
− 
Credit quality (expected loss), total and per 
customer segment; 
− 
Annual credit growth, total credit portfolio 
and per customer segment 
Liquidity risk: 
− 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio; 
− 
Net Stable Funding Ratio; 
− 
Deposits to loans, DNB Bank Group 
Operational risk: 
− 
Operational losses; 
− 
Forward-looking 
risk 
assessment, 
information security; 
− 
Forward-looking risk assessment, IT 
operations 
Reputational risk: 
− 
Overall risk assessment, potential events 
and consequences

--- Page 193 ---
11/67312202_22 
184 
Risk categories 
Risk measurement and monitoring constitute an integral part of the DNB Group’s management processes. 
In DNB, risk is divided into six main categories which are subject to special measurement and monitoring: 
credit risk, counterparty credit risk, market risk, operational risk, insurance risk and liquidity risk. In 
addition to these categories, the DNB Group is exposed to the following: strategic risk, business risk, basis 
risk, credit spread risk and compliance risk. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses due to failure on the part of the Group’s customers to meet their 
payment obligations towards DNB. Credit risk refers to all claims against customers, primarily loans, but 
also liabilities in the form of other extended credits, guarantees, interest bearing securities, approved, 
undrawn credits and interbank deposits. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which is the risk 
associated with large exposures to a single customer and clusters of commitments in geographical areas or 
industries, or with homogeneous customer groups. 
Counterparty credit risk 
Counterparty credit risk is a form of credit risk that arises in connection with trades in financial instruments, 
such as derivatives. Counterparty credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will fail to perform its 
contractual obligations in a transaction. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity 
and equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in profits due to volatility in market prices and 
exchange rates. Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities and risk 
which arises as part of banking activities and other business operations. In addition, market risk arises in 
DNB Livsforsikring AS through the risk that the return on financial assets will not be sufficient to meet the 
obligations specified in agreements with customers. Residual value risk is the risk that the value of collateral 
securing exposure is lower than expected. Residual value risk is included in credit risk in the capital 
adequacy framework, but in internal DNB reporting it is included as market risk. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes or systems, human 
errors or external events. This definition includes legal risk, but not strategic risk or reputation risk. 
Insurance risk 
Insurance risk is the risk associated with operations in DNB Livsforsikring AS and refers to changes in 
insurance obligations due, inter alia, to changes in life expectancy and disability rates within life insurance. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and the risk 
that the Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in appurtenant costs. 
Liquidity is vital for financial operations, but as a rule this risk does not materialise until other events give 
rise to concern about the Group’s ability to meet its financial obligations. 
Credit policy 
According to the DNB Group’s credit policy, approved by the boards of directors of DNB ASA and the 
Bank, the principal objective for credit activity is that the loan portfolio should have a quality and a 
composition which secure the DNB Group’s profitability in the short and long term. The quality of the 
credit portfolio should be consistent with the DNB Group’s low risk profile target. 
Credit risk management and control of credit risk 
The risk appetite framework defines maximum limits for credit exposure. Limits have been set for annual 
growth, risk concentrations and credit quality. An upper limit for growth, measured in terms of EAD, is set

--- Page 194 ---
11/67312202_22 
185 
for each customer segment. To control concentration risk limits are set for credit exposure on individual 
customers and on industry segments. The limits for credit quality are defined as limits for expected losses 
and applies to all types of credit risk. Expected losses are measured using internal credit risk models. 
The risk appetite framework is operationalised through credit strategies for the individual customer 
segments. In addition, risk indicators are established and used for monitoring managers on all levels. 
The DNB Group’s credit policy regulates credit activity in the Bank. A customer’s debt servicing capacity 
is the key element when considering whether to approve a credit. If a customer has not proven a satisfactory 
debt servicing capacity, credit should normally not be extended even if the collateral is adequate. The value 
of collateral is intended to be assessed based on estimated realisation value. 
All corporate customers granted credit must be classified according to risk in connection with every 
significant credit approval and, unless otherwise decided, at least once a year. In the personal banking 
market, where there are a large number of customers, the majority of credit decisions are made on the basis 
of automated scoring and decision support systems. Risk classification reflects long-term risk associated 
with each customer and the customer’s credit commitment. 
Credits showing a negative development are identified and followed up separately. If financial covenants 
have been breached, or if a loss event has occurred in cases where no impairment losses have been made, 
the credit will be put on a watch list for special monitoring. Loss events include serious financial problems 
on the part of the debtor, the approval of grace periods due to the debtor’s financial problems or serious 
breaches of contract. In addition, customers classified as high risk are also considered as watch list 
candidates. When a customer is placed on a watch list, a new risk classification is made, the collateral 
reviewed and an action plan prepared for the customer relationship. Each time the commitment is reviewed, 
an assessment is made of whether a loss event has occurred. If a loss event has occurred, a loan loss equation 
is prepared, which in turn may result in impairment losses. 
Exposure to the limits set in the risk appetite framework is reported to group management each month. If 
the limits are exceeded, it will be immediately reported to the Board of Directors, accompanied by an action 
plan explaining how the risk will be handled. A quarterly risk report for the Group is distributed to the 
Board of Directors, giving an extensive description of the risk appetite status and other developments in the 
risk situation. 
Developments in credit risk are monitored closely. Each month, the credit portfolios are analysed and 
reported along several dimensions, such as industry segment, customer segment and geography. This 
reporting is undertaken by a unit that is independent of the business units. In the internal monitoring of 
credit risk, all portfolios are measured and reported according to IRB models, independent of whether the 
portfolio is scored in models approved for use in capital adequacy calculations. 
Economic capital for credit risk is calculated for all facilities and forms the basis for assessing the 
profitability of the individual facilities. Calculations of economic capital are based on risk parameters in 
the IRB models. 
The DNB Group has extensive experience with classification systems as support for credit decisions and 
monitoring. Data and analytical tools are an integrated part of risk management. 
The DNB Group’s credit risk models provide a basis for statistically based calculations of expected losses 
from a long-term perspective and economic capital from a portfolio perspective. The calculations are based 
on several risk parameters, with the most important being: 
• 
Probability of default (PD), which is used to measure credit quality. Customers are classified based 
on the probability of default. 
• 
Exposure at default (EAD), which is an estimated figure which includes amounts drawn under 
credit limits or loans as well as a percentage share of committed, undrawn credit lines. 
• 
Loss given default (LGD), which indicates how much the DNB Group expects to lose if the 
customer fails to meet his or her obligations, taking into account the collateral provided by the 
customer and other relevant factors.

--- Page 195 ---
11/67312202_22 
186 
Based on these parameters, the DNB Group puts customers into risk classes DNB’s models for risk 
classification of customers are adapted to different industries and segments and are upgraded where 
subsequent verification shows that the explanatory power has declined over time. DNB divides its portfolio 
into ten risk grades based on the PD for each commitment. Commitments in default, categorised as 
defaulted, are assigned a PD of 100.0 per cent. 
Validation is a key element in assuring the quality of the IRB system and can be divided into quantitative 
and qualitative validation. Quantitative validation tests the risk models, whereas qualitative validation tests 
the structure of the IRB system and whether it is used as intended. At least once a year, the Board of 
Directors is required to present a validation report detailing whether the DNB Group’s credit risk is 
adequately classified and quantified.

--- Page 196 ---
11/67312202_22 
187 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The DNB ASA Board of Directors determines principal goals, strategic choices and financial plans for the 
Group and is continually updated on the DNB Group's financial position and development by approving 
quarterly and annual reports and through a monthly review of the Group's financial position and 
development. Furthermore, the Board ensures that operations are subject to adequate control and that the 
DNB Group's capital position is satisfactory relative to the risk and scale of operations. In order to perform 
its responsibilities, the Board of Directors must make such inquiries as it considers necessary, and must 
also supervise the day-to-day management of the Bank and its business in general. In accordance with the 
Bank’s articles of association, the Board of Directors must consist of up to four members, three of whom 
are elected by the shareholders and one of whom is a representative for the employees. Moreover, the 
employees have the right to appoint an observer to the Board. Members are elected for terms of up to two 
years. The Chairperson and Vice-chairperson are elected separately by the annual general meeting for a 
term of up to two years. The current Chairperson is Olaug Svarva and the current Vice-chairperson is Kim 
Wahl. 
Set forth below are details regarding the members of the Bank's Board of Directors: 
Name 
Current position 
Member 
since 
End of 
current term 
Olaug Johanne Svarva 
Chairperson 
2018 
2022 
Kim Wahl 
Vice-chairperson 
2019 
2022 
Julie Galbo 
Member 
2020 
2022 
Eli Solhaug 
Member employee representative 
2020 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
On 27 April 2021, the General Assembly of the Bank elected new board members to serve on the board of 
directors effective upon the merger between DNB ASA and the Bank. Effective from the merger date, the 
board of directors of the Bank will have the following members: 
 
Name 
Year of appointment 
Olaug Svarva (Chair of the Board) 
2022 
Svein Richard Brandtzæg (new Vice Chair of the Board) 
2023 
Gro Bakstad (new election) 
2023 
Jaan Ivar Semlitsch (new election) 
2023 
Jens Petter Olsen (new election) 
2023 
Kim Wahl 
2022 
Julie Galbo 
2022 
Stian Tegler Samuelsen (employee representative) 
2022 
Lillian Christin Hattrem (employee representative) 
2022 
Eli Solhaug (employee representative) 
2022 
Jannicke Skaanes (employee-elected observer) 
2022 
Ann-Mari Sæterlid (deputy employee representative) 
2022 
Sigmund Hollerud (deputy employee representative) 
2022 
Tore Müller Andresen (deputy employee representative) 
2022 
Roy Olsen-Nauen (deputy employee-elected observer) 
2022

--- Page 197 ---
11/67312202_22 
188 
The business address of the Board of Directors is c/o DNB ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, 
Norway. 
Board committees 
To ensure the board’s smooth functioning, the DNB ASA board of directors has established an audit 
committee, a risk management committee, and a compensation committee. The DNB Bank Group’s 
operations are within the purview of these three committees. 
Audit committee 
The committee is a preparatory and advisory working committee for the DNB ASA board of directors in 
specific matters. The committee shall ensure that internal and external audits in the Group are carried out 
in an independent and effective manner and that financial reporting is satisfactory and in compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations. 
The committee is authorised to investigate all circumstances associated with the Group's operations which 
it finds relevant to carry out its responsibilities. The committee may seek external advice. All of the Group's 
employees and elected representatives are required to provide any information and assistance requested by 
the committee. The Audit Committee is responsible to the DNB ASA board of directors for the 
accomplishment of the committee’s duties. This is an internal committee, and in their role as members of 
the Audit Committee, board members cannot be held liable outside the organisation. Thus, the 
responsibilities of the Board and of the individual board members are not diminished as a result of the Audit 
Committee's activities. 
The DNB board of directors appoints up to four members to the Audit Committee from and among the 
Board's external members and appoints the chairperson of the committee. The members are appointed for 
two years at a time. The chairperson of the committee is appointed for one year at a time. The committee 
must collectively possess the qualifications that are necessary to perform the required duties based on the 
company’s operations and organisation. At least one of the committee members must be independent of the 
business and have accounting and/or auditing qualifications. Members of the audit committee are currently 
Gro Bakstad, Jens Petter Olsen, Svein Richard Brandtzæg and Lillian Hattrem. 
The committee decides who should attend the meetings. In addition to the committee members, the group 
chief executive and/or the CFO, the group chief audit executive and the statutory auditor's representative 
shall normally attend meetings. At least once a year, the committee shall meet with the group chief audit 
executive and the statutory auditor without management present. Other board members may also attend the 
meetings. 
Risk Management committee 
The risk management committee is a preparatory and advisory committee to the DNB ASA board of 
directors for designated matters. The Committee shall ensure that the Group has, and its constituent entities 
have, adequate risk management. 
The risk management committee has the authority to investigate all matters relating to the Group as the 
Committee finds relevant to execute on its responsibilities. The risk management committee can obtain 
external advice. The Group's employees and officers (including employee representatives) must provide 
information and provide assistance according to the committee’s request. The risk management committee 
responds/is accountable to the DNB ASA board of directors for the implementation of the committee's 
activities. The committee is an internally governing body, and committee members should not, in their 
capacity as member of the committee, be held responsible externally. The committee does not perform any 
tasks on behalf of the DNB ASA board of directors. The DNB ASA board of directors and each board 
member’s responsibility are therefore not reduced as a result of the committee undertakings. 
The DNB ASA board of directors elects up to four members of the risk management committee from the 
external members of the board, as well as appoints the chairperson. Members are elected on two-year terms, 
while the chairperson is appointed annually. The committee shall jointly have the expertise necessary to 
execute on the committee’s responsibilities according to DNB’s activities and organisation, and also at least 
one member having experience in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large complex 
firms. Members of the risk management committee are currently Jens Petter Olsen, Gro Bakstad, Svein 
Richard Brandtzæg and Lillian Hattrem.

--- Page 198 ---
11/67312202_22 
189 
The Committee decides upon who needs to participate in the meetings. Besides the Committee members, 
normally the CEO and / or CFO, CRO and the Executive Vice President for Audit will participate. 
Compensation committee 
The compensation committee is a sub-committee of the DNB ASA board of directors and serves as a joint 
compensation committee for the entire Group. The committee shall prepare guidelines, frameworks and 
matters concerning remuneration that require the approval of the board, including variable remuneration 
for employees in all or part of the Group and other important personnel-related matters concerning senior 
executives. 
The compensation committee is authorised to investigate all activities and aspects of the Group's operations 
and may collect information from any employee. All of the Group's employees and elected officers shall 
provide any information and assistance requested by the compensation committee. The compensation 
committee can initiate the investigations it deems necessary to carry out its tasks, which includes obtaining 
external advice and assistance. The compensation committee is responsible to the DNB ASA board of 
directors for the implementation of its tasks. The committee's members have no external liabilities in their 
role as members of the compensation committee. Important information shared with the compensation 
committee shall also be shared with the DNB ASA board of directors. 
The compensation committee has up to four members. The chair of the Board of Directors chairs the 
compensation committee. In addition, the Board elects up to two members from among the Board’s 
shareholder-elected members and one member among the board members elected by the employees. The 
members are elected for a term of up to two years. Members of the compensation committee are currently 
Olaug Svarva, Jaan Ivar Semlitsch and Lillian Hattrem. 
The compensation committee decides who should attend the meetings. The group executive vice president 
in charge of People & Operations attends the meeting when the committee finds it appropriate. 
Bank Management 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Bank's executive management team consists of 12 members. The CEO is appointed at a joint meeting 
of the Board of Directors and is responsible for the Bank's day-to-day management. Responsibility for the 
management of the Bank is distributed among the business areas. The table below sets out the name, current 
position and year of appointment for each of the members of the executive management team. 
Name 
Current position 
Year of appointment 
Kjerstin Braathen 
Chief Executive Officer 
2019 
Ottar Ertzeid 
Chief Financial Officer 
2019 
Ingjerd Blekeli Spiten 
Group executive vice-president 
Personal Banking 
2018 
Harald Serck-Hanssen 
Group executive vice-president 
Corporate Banking 
2013 
Alexander Opstad 
Group executive vice-president 
DNB Markets 
2019 
Håkon Hansen 
Group executive vice-president 
Wealth Management 
2018 
Øystein Torbal 
Group executive vice-president (Acting) 
People  
2021 
Maria Ervik Løvold 
Group executive vice-president 
Technology & Services 
2019

--- Page 199 ---
11/67312202_22 
190 
Name 
Current position 
Year of appointment 
Thomas Midteide 
Group executive vice-president 
Communications 
2013 
Rasmus Aage Figenschou 
Group executive vice-president 
Payments & Innovation 
2019 
Ida Lerner 
Group executive vice-president 
Risk Management 
2017 
Mirella Elisa Grant 
Group executive vice-president 
Compliance 
2018 
 
The business address for each of the members of the executive management team of the Bank is c/o DNB 
ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, Norway. 
On 19 April 2021, DNB announced that Kari Bech-Moen would resign from DNB. As of the same date, 
Øystein Torbal acts as temporary Group Executive Vice President for People until a permanent candidate 
has been appointed. 
The DNB Bank Group is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the DNB 
Bank Group of each of the persons listed above under the headings "Board of Directors", and "Bank 
Management" and his or her private interests or other duties. 
Shareholders 
The Bank is wholly owned by DNB ASA, a publicly traded company on the Oslo Stock Exchange. As of 
31 March 2021, DNB ASA had 1,550,365 thousand shares outstanding. The following table sets forth as 
of 31 March 2021 the 20 largest shareholders of DNB ASA, the number of shares held by each shareholder 
and the percentage of outstanding shares represented by each shareholding: 
 
Shares in 1,000 
Ownership in  
per cent. 
Norwegian Government/Ministry of Trade, Industry  
and Fisheries ...............................................................................................................  
527,124 
34.0 
DNB Savings Bank Foundation .................................................................................  
130,001 
8.4 
Folketrygdfondet ........................................................................................................  
94,984 
6.1 
Capital Research Global Investors............................................................................  
55,399 
3.6 
Capital World Investors ............................................................................................  
41,951 
2.7 
The Vanguard Group, Inc. ........................................................................................  
31,798 
2.1 
DWS Investment GmbH ............................................................................................  
29,641 
1.9 
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. ........................................................  
26,888 
1.7 
Schroder Investment Management Tld. (SIM) ........................................................  
26,654 
1.7 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc. ...................................................................................  
19,395 
1.3 
Davis Selected Advisers, L.P. .....................................................................................  
19,205 
1.2 
DNB Asset Management AS ......................................................................................  
18,436 
1.2 
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS ............................................................................  
16,591 
1.1 
KLP Forsikring ..........................................................................................................  
16,245 
1.0 
APG Asset Management N.V.  ..................................................................................  
12,187 
0.8 
Nordea Funds Oy .......................................................................................................  
12,031 
0.8

--- Page 200 ---
11/67312202_22 
191 
Polaris Capital Management, LLC ...........................................................................  
10,498 
0.7 
TD Greystone Asset Management .............................................................................  
10,296 
0.7 
State Street Global Advisors (US) .............................................................................  
10,218 
0.7 
Danske Invest Asset Management AS .......................................................................  
9,750 
0.6 
Total largest shareholders .........................................................................................  
1,119,292 
72.2 
Other shareholders .....................................................................................................  
431,073 
27.8 
Total ............................................................................................................................  
1,550,365 
100.0

--- Page 201 ---
11/67312202_22 
192 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY AND REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS 
The DNB Bank Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in 
accordance with Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and implemented by the European Union through CRD IV 
and CRR (each as defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. This package included the directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (the "CRD IV") and Regulation 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "CRR"). 
On 29 March 2019 the CRD IV and the CRR were incorporated into the Agreement on the European 
Economic Area, which entered into force on 1 January 1994, (the "EEA Agreement"). Subsequently the 
Norwegian parliament passed amendments to the Financial Institutions Act and the Ministry of Finance 
adopted changes to CRR/CRD IV implementing the CRD IV and the CRR in Norwegian law. Legislation 
implementing the CRD IV and the CRR for Norwegian institutions entered into force on 31 December 
2019, implementing CRR as is and reflecting the provisions of CRD IV not already implemented in 
Norwegian legislation. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a package of legislative proposals providing 
for reform of the prudential and resolution frameworks for EU banks and credit institutions. These proposals 
covered amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing 
a Single Resolution Mechanism for the Banking Union. Following negotiations between the European 
Commission, European Parliament and European Council, the final legislation implementing these 
proposals was published in the EU Official Journal on 7 June 2019. The legislation consists of Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/877 and came into force on 27 June 2019 (the "EU Banking Reform Legislation"), with certain 
provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being phased in and/or being subject 
to national implementation. 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage 
ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the Financial 
Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation. 
On 5 February 2020, the Ministry of Finance asked the NFSA to organise a working group to propose 
relevant changes in Norwegian law as a result of CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2. The working group presented 
its proposal on 9 October 2020. On 9 April 2021, the Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to 
the implementation of CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 in Norway. The date of implementation is unlikely to 
be before the end of 2021 and may depend on other countries in the EEC. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements 
Pillar 1 Minimum Capital Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Financial Institutions Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of 
their risk-weighted assets, within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at 
least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital.

--- Page 202 ---
11/67312202_22 
193 
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met 
by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs, 
(ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of RWAs (on Norwegian exposures) and (iii) a counter-cyclical 
buffer of 1 per cent. of RWAs (on Norwegian exposures, further described below). In addition, financial 
institutions (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian authorities have 
designated as systemically important must also comply with a buffer for systemically important financial 
institutions of 2 per cent. of RWAs in order to mitigate systemic risk. The buffer requirements may change 
over time, including as discussed further below. 
Under CRD IV, each Member State is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to 
exposures in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other Member States are required to apply 
such rate to the exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether to 
recognise a rate higher than 2.5 per cent. of RWAs). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a 
particular bank will be the weighted average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where 
such bank has exposures from time to time (with the bank’s home relevant authority determining the 
applicable counter-cyclical buffer rate for exposures in jurisdictions outside the EU or in any EU 
jurisdiction where the relevant authority has not set a counter-cyclical buffer rate). 
Norwegian law provides that the Norwegian counter-cyclical buffer rate will be applicable in relation to a 
Norwegian bank’s exposure both in Norway and in any EEA jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction which 
has not set a counter-cyclical buffer rate, and that for a bank’s exposure in any EEA jurisdiction or any 
other jurisdiction where the relevant local authority has set a counter-cyclical buffer rate such rate shall be 
applied unless the Norwegian Ministry of Finance decides otherwise. The DNB Bank Group’s effective 
counter-cyclical buffer rates are calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries 
where the DNB Bank Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Bank Group 
has exposures have set the requirement lower than 1.0 per cent., DNB Bank Group’s effective counter-
cyclical buffer rate is currently approximately 0.7 per cent.  
The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by the Ministry of Finance and the relevant 
authorities in each other Member State each quarter and may result in an increase or a decrease in the rate. 
A decision to increase the requirement may normally take effect no earlier than 12 months following such 
decision, whereas a decrease may take effect immediately. On 13 December 2018, the Ministry of Finance 
decided to increase the counter-cyclical buffer rate for Norway to 2.5 per cent., with such increase due to 
take effect from 31 December 2019. However, in light of the subsequent spread of COVID-19, one of the 
measures to mitigate the negative economic effects of the pandemic was the reduction of the counter-
cyclical capital buffer requirement for banks. In order to help counteract a tightening of the banks’ lending 
practices, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance reduced the rate to 1 per cent. on 13 March 2020, with 
immediate effect. A similar reduction of the counter-cyclical buffer has also been implemented in a number 
of other jurisdictions in which the DNB Bank Group operates. On 18 March 2021, Norges Bank decided 
not to recommend increasing the counter-cyclical buffer rate. The Ministry of Finance followed Norges 
Bank’s recommendation.  
Under the CRR as it applies in the EU, the Basel I floor transitional provisions ceased to apply after 31 
December 2017. Those transitional provisions had been implemented in Norway and continued to apply 
until 31 December 2019. All else being equal, the removal of the Basel I floor reduced the risk-weighted 
assets and increase the capital ratios of the DNB Bank Group. Therefore, the Ministry of Finance proposed 
to increase capital requirements to counter-balance the implicit capital relief from the removal of the Basel 
I floor. As a result, the systemic risk buffer increased from 3.0 per cent. to 4.5 per cent. from 31 December 
2020, and will apply only to domestic exposures. Based on its assets as of 31 March 2021, and systemic 
risk buffers rates in other countries the DNB Bank Group has exposure to, the DNB Bank Group’s 
effective systemic risk buffer rate is approximately 3.2 per cent. as of 31 March 2021. 
Pillar 2 requirements 
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred 
to as "Pillar 2" capital requirements. The NFSA’s Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 
requirements and are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are 
not covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1. Further to the NFSA’s Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process ("SREP") for 2019, the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB 
Group has been set at 1.8 per cent. of RWAs and must be met with common equity tier 1 capital, with the

--- Page 203 ---
11/67312202_22 
194 
additional stipulation that the nominal amount of capital held to cover the Pillar 2 requirement shall not be 
lower than NOK 19.4 billion for the DNB Group, NOK 18.9 billion for the DNB Bank Group and NOK 
15.3 billion for the Bank. With the removal of the Basel I Floor and the introduction of the SME discount, 
the RWAs of the Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB Group decreased. Consequently, the 
nominal Pillar 2 requirement became effective and led to an effective Pillar 2 requirement for the DNB 
Bank Group of approximately 2.1 per cent. as of 31 March 2021. The total common equity tier 1 capital 
requirement (including the management buffer) for the Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB Group 
was approximately 15.8 per cent., 16.0 per cent. and 16.0 per cent., respectively, as of 31 March 2021. 
The Pillar 2 requirement is the supervisory authority’s assessment of many factors at a given point in time 
and may be revised upwards or downwards on an ongoing basis to address the specific risk profile of the 
institution being regulated. In its 2019 SREP letter to the Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB Group, 
the NFSA also advised the Bank, the DNB Bank Group and the DNB Group to hold a common equity tier 
1 capital buffer of not less than 1.0 per cent. on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital requirement. 
In the second half of 2020, the NFSA conducted its annual SREP in collaboration with the supervisory 
authorities of the DNB College. On 14 December 2020, the NFSA announced that it would not revisit the 
2019 SREP requirements, and thus that the 2019 SREP requirements would remain in force for 2021. 
In the capital planning, the DNB Group takes into account full counter-cyclical buffer requirements of 2.5 
per cent in Norway, which will increase the expected CET1 level to 17.1 per cent. for the DNB Group. This 
supervisory expectation, in addition to some headroom will be the targeted capital level. The headroom will 
reflect expected future capital needs including expected future regulatory capital changes and market-driven 
CET1 fluctuations. 
Leverage requirements 
The Basel III framework also provided for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) 
assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. On 20 December 2016, the Ministry of Finance resolved 
to impose a requirement for leverage ratio of 3 per cent. for banks, finance companies, holding companies 
in financial groups and investment firms who provides certain investment services, as well as a general 
buffer requirement of 2 per cent. for banks and an additional buffer requirement of 1 per cent. for 
systemically important banks. Any entity which does not comply with the leverage ratio requirements must 
send a plan to the NFSA within five business days with a timetable for the required increase of the leverage 
ratio. If the NFSA does not consider the plan to be sufficient, it can order the entity to implement various 
types of measures to remedy the situation. The regulation setting out the leverage ratio requirements has 
been effective as of 1 January 2017 and states that the requirements have been applicable as of 30 June 
2017. Under the requirements, the Bank and the DNB Bank Group (on a consolidated basis) are required 
to have a leverage ratio of 6 per cent. and the Parent and the DNB Group (on a consolidated basis) are 
required to have a leverage ratio of 6 per cent. As of 31 March 2021, the leverage ratio of the DNB Group 
was 6.9 per cent., compared to 7.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 and 7.4 per cent. as of 31 December 
2019. In the same period, the leverage ratio of the DNB Bank Group was 7.1 per cent. as of 31 March 2021, 
compared to 7.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 and 7.2 per cent. as of 31 December 2019. 
Liquidity requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR"). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited 
size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, 
the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional 
U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB 
Bank Group and the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have an adverse 
effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
A net stable funding ratio ("NFSR") has also been proposed with the Basel III framework. This funding 
seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. Norway 
has so far not implemented NSFR liquidity rules pending further developments in EU regulations governing 
NSFR.

--- Page 204 ---
11/67312202_22 
195 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD", which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as 
amended from time to time, including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879) entered into force. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant entities" being credit institutions, investment 
firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant 
entity’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for 
the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement in February 2018 and legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway 
was passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force from 1 January 2019 at 
Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act. The amendments made to BRRD by Directive (EU) 2019/879 
have not yet been implemented in Norway. The legislation set forth that any further possible supplements 
and regulation of the details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be 
determined through regulations passed by the Ministry under the Financial Institutions Act. On 20 
December 2018 the Ministry of Finance adopted changes to the Regulations on financial institutions and 
financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 ("Financial Institutions Regulation") setting forth general 
rules for MREL (see further below). 
Following entry into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank, the DNB Bank Group 
and the DNB Group are now subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution 
tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset 
separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which 
would include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant 
entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims, which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of 
ownership (the "general bail-in tool"), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to 
holders of capital instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any further 
cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 205 ---
11/67312202_22 
196 
If Notes (or a percentage of the outstanding principal amount of each Note) of a holder of Notes are required 
to be exchanged and the holder of Notes is DTC or a nominee for DTC (DTC or such nominee for DTC 
acting in such capacity as is specified in the rules and regulations of DTC) then, on the date of such 
exchange, the rights of the holder of Notes (including to payment of the outstanding principal amount and 
interest, and to receive ordinary shares from the Issuer) in relation to such Notes being exchanged are 
immediately and irrevocably terminated and the Issuer will issue the exchange number of ordinary shares 
to a nominee (which nominee may not be the Issuer or a related entity of the Issuer) for no additional 
consideration. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of 
remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities ("MREL") which would be available to be written down or 
bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect 
(subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016 supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council sets forth draft 
regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. In Norway, the MREL requirement will be set by the 
NFSA. On 20 December 2018 the NFSA adopted changes to the Financial Institutions Regulation 
implementing general rules for Norwegian MREL requirements. 
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). 
For example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be 
bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Any Notes issued under the Programme 
could potentially be bailed-in, including Notes that are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should therefore 
be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or 
some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
In December 2017, an EU Directive was published which required Member States to change their 
insolvency laws by the end of 2018 to create a new class of 'non-preferred senior' creditors in the creditor 
hierarchy. This new class is designed to form part of the senior unsecured class, ranking ahead of tier 2 
capital and other subordinated debts, but ranking behind ordinary senior unsecured debts. It is intended that 
instruments issued as part of the new class should (subject to satisfaction of the other requisite criteria) 
constitute 'eligible liabilities instruments', being instruments which are not own funds (i.e. tier 1 or tier 2 
capital) but are eligible for inclusion in MREL. 
On 18 December 2020, the NFSA announced that the MREL requirement for DNB ASA (the holding 
company of the DNB Group) would be effective from 1 January 2021. DNB ASA is required to hold total 
MREL capital equal to 35.54 per cent. of RWAs (adjusted for RWAs stemming from DNB Boligkreditt AS 
as the covered bond entity). Senior preferred debt issued by DNB Bank with a minimum remaining tenor 
of one year, will continue to qualify as MREL capital until 1 January 2024. To be eligible, the current 
requirement from the NFSA states that all MREL eligible debt issued after 1 January 2024 is required to 
be subordinated (i.e. non-preferred senior debt). 
On 2 July 2020, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance announced the approval of a new organisational 
structure for the DNB Group, under which the Bank and DNB ASA will be merged and the Bank will be 
the holding company of the DNB Group, and will be the entity issuing MREL-eligible debt. The approval 
of the merger is subject to certain conditions, and is expected to be completed 1 July 2021 at the earliest.

--- Page 206 ---
11/67312202_22 
197 
CRR Quick Fix 
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced the adoption, by way of a Regulation further amending CRR, 
of exceptional rules to facilitate bank lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in 
recovering from the COVID-19 crisis. The Regulation was published in the EU Official Journal on 26 June 
2020 and entered into effect on 27 June 2020. The amendments to CRR, commonly referred to as the CRR 
Quick Fix package, include, among other things, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are 
required to hold for non-performing loans (NPL) under the "prudential backstop", the extension by two 
years of transitional arrangements related to the implementation of the international accounting standard 
IFRS 9, additional flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects of the extreme market volatility 
observed during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of some capital relief measure for 
banks under CRR 2, most notably with respect to preferential treatment of certain loans backed by pensions 
or salaries and their SMEs and infrastructure loans, to encourage the credit flow to pensioners, employees, 
businesses and infrastructure investments. 
It is still not clear how the CRR Quick Fix could affect the regulatory framework for the Norwegian banking 
industry. On 9 April 2021, the Ministry of Finance put forward a proposal related to the implementation of 
CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 in Norway. The date of implementationis unlikely to be before the end of 2021 
and may depend on other countries in the EEC. 
Further Basel III changes 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee adopted changes to several parts of the Basel III standards for 
capital adequacy assessments, aiming, among other things, to ensure greater consistency between banks’ 
reported capital adequacy figures and capital requirements. The changes include adjustments to the 
standardised approach and the internal ratings-based approach, as well as the introduction of a new output 
floor equivalent to 72.5 per cent. of the RWA requirements under the standardised approach. The new 
output floor requirement will reduce differences in risk weights and result in more harmonised capital 
requirements across national borders. However, the changes to Basel III are not planned to take effect until 
1 January 2023, with a five-year phase-in period. 
On 2 August 2019, the European Banking Authority published its policy advice on (amongst other things) 
the Basel III output floor. The EBA recommended that: 
1. 
the output floor, at the 72.5 per cent. level set in the Basel agreement, should be implemented by 
EU institutions; 
2. 
the floored RWAs should be used as the basis across RWA-based capital requirements (including 
the minimum capital requirement, Pillar 2 requirements and buffer requirements) and at all levels 
of a banking group (including group consolidated, sub-consolidated and individual level); 
3. 
the implementation of the output floor should follow the five-year transitional path from 2022 as 
set out in the Basel III agreement, including the transitional cap of a 25 per cent. increase in RWA; 
and 
4. 
the legislation implementing these changes to the Basel III framework should clarify that the 
principal loss absorption trigger in additional tier 1 instruments (which would include the Trigger 
Event in the terms of the Notes) should be based on floored ratios (i.e. the common equity tier 1 
ratio(s) based on the floored RWAs). 
On 11 October 2019, the European Commission published a public consultation document regarding 
implementation of the December 2017 Basel III reforms in the EU, with a view to informing its preparation, 
if considered appropriate, of a formal proposal in due course. The consultation period expired on 3 January 
2020. As part of the EU process relating to the CRR Quick Fix, the European Commission noted that the 
finalisation of the Basel III reforms in EU legislation would be deferred. However, the EU is expected to 
adopt the Basel III recommendations. This legislation will also be applicable in Norway through the EEA 
Agreement, although the timing for implementation into to EEA Agreement is not presently known. The 
Bank does not currently expect the new output floor to have a material impact on the capital position of the 
Bank, the DNB Bank Group or the DNB Group.

--- Page 207 ---
11/67312202_22 
198 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive Implementation in Norway 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy 
(the "Creditor Hierarchy Directive") amends BRRD article 108, and is a harmonised framework for 
insolvency hierarchy in respect of debt eligible for MREL. As part thereof, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
introduces a new category of "senior non-preferred" debt instruments. In the case of insolvency, "senior 
non-preferred" debt instruments will rank above regulatory capital instruments and other subordinated debt, 
but below other senior liabilities. The directive accordingly stipulates criteria for MREL eligibility for 
"senior non-preferred" debt instruments. 
On 25 June 2019, the Norwegian FSA published a consultation paper regarding the implementation of the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive in Norway. The Norwegian FSA proposes to amend the Financial Institutions 
Act and appurtenant regulation in order to implement the Creditor Hierarchy Directive. The consultation 
period ended on 1 September 2019, but the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has not yet submitted a 
proposition to the Norwegian Parliament, and it therefore remains unclear when the Norwegian 
implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive will take place. The status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may be effected by the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive, as described in Condition 
3(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
COVID-19 Measures in Norway 
In relation to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Norwegian government has implemented several measures to 
mitigate the impact of COVID-19 in Norway, which are relevant for the Bank's operations. Below is an 
overview of the measures most relevant for the Bank's operations: 
Reduction of the counter-cyclical buffer rate 
In light of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance has decided to reduce the counter-
cyclical buffer rate from 2.5 per cent to 1.0 per cent based on advice from the Norwegian Central Bank on 
13 March 2020. The purpose of the measure is to ensure that banks do not tighten their lending practises 
which in turn will have further negative impacts on the economic conditions in Norway due to the COVID-
19 outbreak. The Norwegian Central Bank has stated that they do not expect that they will advise the 
Ministry of Finance to increase the rate until the earliest in the first quarter of 2021, which in normal 
circumstances will entail that the rate will not be increased until first quarter of 2022. 
Recommendations on dividends distribution from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance 
In a letter sent to all Norwegian banks on 16 March 2020, the Norwegian FSA recommended that the board 
of directors of Norwegian banks should reconsider their proposal on dividends distributions in relation to 
this year's annual general meetings. Upon receipt of feedback from the banks, the letter was followed up 
with a recommendation from the Norwegian FSA to the Ministry of Finance to adopt a regulation to prohibit 
dividends distribution to shareholders of banks and insurance companies. The Ministry of Finance decided 
not to go forward with the proposed prohibition, but instead expressed a clear expectation that financial 
institutions should delay dividends distributions until the uncertainty on the economic development has 
been reduced. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has decided not to consider dividends for 
2019 at the Annual General Meeting to be held by 30 June 2020, but at an Extraordinary General Meeting 
to be held no later than December 2020. The same applies to the consideration of the authorisation to the 
Board of Directors to repurchase shares. 
Loan guarantee scheme for small medium sized enterprises in Norway 
On 27 March 2020, a new act on guarantee scheme for small and medium-sized enterprises entered into 
force. The guarantee scheme is aimed at small and medium enterprises which due to the COVID-19 
outbreak are facing and acute liquidity shortage and the scheme is one of several measures adopted to ensure 
sufficient liquidity for Norwegian businesses experiencing reduction of income due to the COVID-19 
outbreak. The loan guarantee scheme entails that the Norwegian State shall guarantee 90 per cent. (on a 
pro-rata basis) of new loans from lenders (institutions licensed to grant credit such as banks) to Norwegian 
small and medium sized enterprises issued prior to 1 June 2020 up to an initial aggregate amount of NOK 
50 billion subject to certain conditions. Small and medium-sized enterprises are defined as having less than 
250 persons employed and an annual turnover of up to EUR 50 million or a balance sheet total of no more 
than EUR 43 million.

--- Page 208 ---
11/67312202_22 
199 
Pursuant to the Norwegian FSA, the guarantee scheme fulfils the requirements for sovereign counter-
guarantees pursuant to CRR Articles 213 to 215. 
Postponement of reporting deadlines etc. 
To ensure proper and sufficient use of resources in financial institutions in light of the ramifications of the 
COVID-19 outbreak for the economic conditions in Norway, the Norwegian FSA has postponed reporting 
deadlines for financial institutions. Further, the Norwegian FSA has taken into account recommendations 
from the European Banking Authority which has recommended that institutions in general, should be 
allowed up to one additional month for submitting the required data except for certain information such as 
information on LCR and reporting for resolution planning purposes. Accordingly, institutions may contact 
the Norwegian FSA if they need to postpone certain parts of the regulatory reporting.

--- Page 209 ---
11/67312202_22 
200 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, 
the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Notes. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued under the Programme to persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of such Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present 
Norwegian law, not subject to Norwegian tax, and may hence be made without any withholding tax or 
deduction for any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Notes by persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of the Notes are not, under present Norwegian law, subject 
to Norwegian taxes or duties. 
Under present Norwegian law, no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the 
issues of the Notes. 
The Notes will not be subject to any Norwegian estate duties. 
Persons (corporate entities as well as natural persons) considered domiciled in Norway for tax purposes 
will be subject to Norwegian income tax on interest received in respect of the Notes. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the income tax rate is 22 per cent. Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by such 
persons on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation. 
On 4 May 2016 the finance committee of the Norwegian Parliament reached agreement that a new tax 
would be introduced for the added value of financial services (finansskatt) from 2017. The new tax was 
introduced by the Norwegian Parliament on 17 December 2016 and for the financial year 2020 employers 
within the finance and insurance business conducting financial activities will be obliged to pay tax of a flat 
rate of 5 per cent. on their aggregate wage costs. For companies covered by this tax, as the Issuer is, the 
income tax rate is 25 per cent. 
The Norwegian government in October 2015 issued a white paper describing a tax reform for the period 
2016 to 2018, which includes introduction of withholding tax on interest payments from Norway. The white 
paper was discussed in the Norwegian Parliament in May 2016, without any specific decision related to the 
withholding tax. After several delays the Norwegian Ministry of Finance issued a consultation paper 
regarding introduction of new rules relating to withholding tax on interests and royalties on 27 February 
2020. The proposal was adopted in December 2020, and the rules will enter into force on 1 July 2021. The 
rules do, however, only include interests paid to related parties resident in low-tax jurisdictions. The 
proposed rules will thus not apply on interest payments from external parties, and interest payments on the 
Notes issued under the Programme will not be subject to withholding tax. 
Pursuant to the new rules, interests that are paid from an entity with full or limited tax liability to Norway 
(such as the Issuer) to a recipient that is tax resident in a low-tax jurisdiction outside of Norway shall be 
subject to 15 per cent. withholding tax to the extent the recipient is a related party to the payor. A related 
party is defined as (i) any company or entity owned by or controlled, directly or indirectly, by at least 50 
per cent. by the payor, (ii) any company or entity which owns or controls, directly or indirectly, at least 50 
per cent. of the payor and (iii) any company or entity owned by or controlled, directly or indirectly, by at 
least 50 per cent. by a person as referred to in (ii). A low-tax jurisdiction is defined as a jurisdiction that 
has an efficient tax rate that is less than two-thirds of the effective Norwegian tax rate on similar income. 
Recipients that are genuinely established within the European Economic Area and conduct real economic 
activity there, will not be subject to withholding tax under the new rules. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as "FATCA", 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with

--- Page 210 ---
11/67312202_22 
201 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (together, the "participating Member States") and Estonia. 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced apply to certain dealings in 
financial instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 211 ---
11/67312202_22 
202 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (the "Programme Agreement") 
dated 12 May 2021 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or any other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in accordance with 
Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
To the extent that any Notes are sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided under Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes of any Series (i) as part of its general distribution at any time or (ii) until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the completion of the distribution, as determined by the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities 
Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells the Notes during the Distribution 
Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Until the expiration of 
the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of Registered Notes within the United States 
by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other transfer of Notes made other than in compliance 
with the restrictions set out above and below shall not be recognised by the Issuer or any of its agents. The 
certificates for the Notes sold in the United States shall bear a legend to this effect. 
Bearer Notes 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Notes in the United States made or approved by a 
Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by a Dealer in connection with 
secondary trading) shall be effected pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Notes made in the United States or to U.S. persons 
may be made only to (a) "accredited investors" that are institutions that such Dealer has taken all 
reasonable steps to verify are "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the 
Securities Act) ("Institutional Accredited Investors") who have executed and provided to the relevant 
Dealer the IAI Investment Letter (as defined below) addressed to the Issuer, the Registrar and the relevant 
Dealer(s) substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement in a private placement transaction 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to section 4(a)(2) thereof or (b) to 
institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as qualified institutional buyers (as defined in 
Rule 144A) (each such institutional investor being hereinafter referred to as a "qualified institutional 
buyer" or "QIB") in a transaction otherwise meeting the requirements of Rule 144A.

--- Page 212 ---
11/67312202_22 
203 
Registered Notes will be offered in the United States only by approaching prospective purchasers on an 
individual basis. No general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are used in Rule 502 under 
the Securities Act) will be used in connection with the offering of the Notes in the United States and no 
directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) shall be used in connection with the offering of the 
Notes outside of the United States. 
No sale of Registered Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Registered Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Each Note representing Notes initially offered and sold in the United States shall contain a legend in 
substantially the following form: 
"THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY (THE "SECURITY") HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, "US PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR 
MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN 
"INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR"); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING 
PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE 
ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER 
THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) OTHERWISE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER, OR ATTEMPTED RESALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET OUT ABOVE AND BELOW SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER 
OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS." 
Each Reg S. Note shall contain a legend substantially in the following form: 
"THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY (THE "SECURITY") HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, "US PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION

--- Page 213 ---
11/67312202_22 
204 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("US PERSONS") EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM , OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART, 
SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO US PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) 
PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT 
TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
The legend endorsed on each Note shall be removed, in the case of the Reg. S Global Note, after expiry of 
the Distribution Compliance Period applicable thereto and, in the case of the Restricted Global Note, after 
expiry of the applicable required holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act 
from the later of the date of original issue and the date on which the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer was 
the owner of such Note (or any predecessor thereto). 
By its purchase of any Notes, each investor in the United States shall be deemed to have agreed to the 
restrictions contained in any legend endorsed on the Note purchased by it (to the extent still applicable) and 
each such purchaser shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer, the seller and the Dealer, if 
applicable, that it is either (i) a QIB or (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that is acquiring the Notes 
for its own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof. Each investor (other than 
an investor in Reg. S Notes following expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period), by its 
purchase of any Notes, also agrees to deliver to the transferee of any Note a notice substantially to the effect 
of the above legend. 
Each prospective investor in the United States is hereby offered the opportunity to ask questions of, and 
receive answers from, the Issuer and the Dealers concerning the terms and conditions of the offering. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against, or to contribute 
to losses arising out of, certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, in respect of Notes. 
In connection with its purchase of Registered Notes, each Institutional Accredited Investor shall deliver to 
the Issuer, the Registrar and the relevant Dealer(s) a letter (the "IAI Investment Letter") stating, among 
other things, that: 
(a) 
it has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other information as it deems necessary in 
order to make its investment decision; 
(b) 
it understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and 
conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and the Notes and that it agrees to be bound by, and 
not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions 
and conditions and the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws; 
(c) 
it understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, it 
is acquiring the Notes in a private placements transaction pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, and that the Notes may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following 
sentence. It will agree, on its own behalf and on behalf of any account for which it is purchasing 
the Notes, and each subsequent holder of the Notes by its acceptance thereof will agree, not to 
offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes except (A)(i) to the Issuer or a Dealer (as defined in this 
Base Prospectus), (ii) to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB that purchases for 
its own account or for the account of a QIB or QIBs, in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 903 or 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) (resales described in 
subclauses (i) through (iv) of this clause (A), "Safe Harbor Resales"), or (B) pursuant to any other 
available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act (provided that as 
a condition to the registration of transfer of any Notes otherwise than in a Safe Harbour Resale the 
Issuer and the Registrar will require delivery of such other documents or other evidence (including 
but not limited to an opinion of U.S. counsel) that the Issuer, in its sole discretion, may deem 
necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with such exemption), or (C) pursuant to an

--- Page 214 ---
11/67312202_22 
205 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and in each of such cases in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States; 
(d) 
it understands that, on any proposed resale of any Notes, it will be required to furnish to the Issuer 
such certifications, legal opinions, and other information as the Issuer may reasonably require to 
confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions; 
(e) 
in the normal course of business, it invests in or purchases securities similar to the Notes. It is an 
Accredited Investor that is an institution within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, 
and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any 
such accounts' investment; 
(f) 
it is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of 
which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it exercises sole investment 
discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, nevertheless, to the 
understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain within its control; 
and 
(g) 
it acknowledges that the Issuer and the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements and it agrees that, if any such 
acknowledgments, representations or warranties made pursuant hereto are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to such account and 
that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on 
behalf of each such account. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes offered in the United States or who is a U.S. person, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
such offeree acknowledges that this Base Prospectus is personal to such offeree and does not 
constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise 
acquire Notes other than pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or in 
offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S. Distribution of this Base Prospectus, or 
disclosure of any of its contents to any person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, 
retained to advise such offeree with respect thereto is unauthorised, and any disclosure of any of 
its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited; and 
(b) 
such offeree agrees to make no photocopies of this Base Prospectus or any documents referred to 
herein. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 215 ---
11/67312202_22 
206 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State of the EEA except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 216 ---
11/67312202_22 
207 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Norway 
Notes shall be registered in a central securities depositary authorised or recognised under Regulation (EU) 
No. 909/2014. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Norwegian FSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; 
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Sections 10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 876; 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, 
fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Sections 
10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 
876), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer;

--- Page 217 ---
11/67312202_22 
208 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to, 
and it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell Notes other than to, purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser

--- Page 218 ---
11/67312202_22 
209 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from 
time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, 
the Arranger and any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 219 ---
11/67312202_22 
210 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and the subsequent updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the joint meeting of the Board of Directors and the Committee of 
Representatives of the Issuer dated 31 October 1996, and resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 15 January 1998, 13 January 1999, 28 April 2000, 29 April 2000, 18 January 2001, 17 January 2002, 
15 January 2003, 9 March 2004, 20 January 2005, 10 January 2006, 9 August 2006, 30 January 2007, 16 
January 2008, 9 December 2008, 8 December 2009, 9 December 2010, 7 December 2011, 12 December 
2012, 11 December 2013, 10 December 2014, 9 December 2015, 23 November 2016, 6 December 2017, 
12 December 2018, 11 December 2019 and 9 December 2020.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt 
Notes and Swiss Domestic Notes) within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. The regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to the SIX Swiss Exchange for the approval of this Base Prospectus. An 
application may be made to the SIX Swiss Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in London: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement, the forms of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the Permanent Bearer Global Note, the Reg. S Global Note, the 
Restricted Global Note, the Swiss Global Note, the definitive Bearer and Registered Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for each of 
the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 together with the auditors' 
reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each case together with 
any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith; and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms and each Pricing 
Supplement (save that Pricing Supplements relating to Exempt Notes will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
The items listed above will also be electronically available for inspection at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-
and-rating/funding-programmes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the above websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will also be available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 220 ---
11/67312202_22 
211 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS. The 
appropriate Common Code, ISIN and Swiss Security Number (as appropriate) for each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP 
number for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and common code, will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including the VPS), the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, SIS and the VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of DTC is 55 
Water Street, New York, NY 10041–0099, USA; the address of SIS is SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-
4600 Olten, Switzerland; and the address of the VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, Po. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 
Oslo. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the time of the 
offering of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020, and there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the DNB 
Bank Group since 31 March 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Bank Group — Litigation", neither the Issuer 
nor any member of the DNB Bank Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the DNB Bank Group.  
Independent Auditors 
Ernst & Young AS ("Ernst & Young") of Dronning Eufemias gate 6, P.O. Box 20, NO-0051 Oslo, 
Norway, audited the financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020 without qualification. Ernst & Young is a member of the Norwegian Institute 
of Public Accountants and is supervised by the Norwegian FSA which is recognised by the Swiss Federal 
Council. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
which are Exempt Notes), an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price and (in the case of Reset Notes) on the basis of the rate of interest as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 221 ---
11/67312202_22 
212 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes 
constituting derivative securities (as such term is defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 
Arthur Cox Building, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.dnb.no/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 222 ---
11/67312202_22 
213 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
$  .................................................................... vii 
£  .................................................................... vii 
€  .................................................................... vii 
€STR .............................................................. 33 
30/360 ..................................................... 98, 118 
30E/360 ........................................................ 118 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 119 
360/360 ......................................................... 118 
Accredited Investor ...................................... 203 
accredited investors ...................................... 202 
Accrual Period ................................................ 98 
Actual/360 .................................................... 118 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 118 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................... 118 
Actual/Actual................................................ 117 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................... 98 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 117 
Additional Tier 1 Capital ................................ 96 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 131 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 89 
Agent .............................................................. 89 
Alternative Rate ............................................ 132 
Amortised Face Amount............................... 145 
an offer of Notes to the public ...................... 207 
Applicable Banking Regulations .................. 147 
applicable Final Terms ................................... 90 
Applicable MREL Regulations .................... 132 
applicable Pricing Supplement ....................... 90 
Applicable Procedures .................................. 154 
Bank .............................................................. i, 1 
Bank Rate ..................................................... 109 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive16, 195 
banking organisation ...................................... 87 
Base Prospectus ..................................... i, 57, 73 
Basel Committee .......................................... 192 
BBSW........................................................... 103 
Bearer Notes ................................................ i, 91 
Belgian Consumer ........................................ 209 
Benchmark ............................................. 32, 135 
Benchmark Amendments ............................. 132 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 132 
Benchmark Replacement .............................. 135 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment .......... 136 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .................................................................. 136 
Benchmark Replacement Date ..................... 136 
Benchmark Transition Event ........................ 136 
Benchmarks .................................................... 32 
Benchmarks Regulation.................................. vii 
Beneficial Owner ............................................ 87 
BMR ............................................................... 70 
Bond Basis .................................................... 118 
Brexit ................................................................ 4 
BRRD ............................................... 16, 93, 195 
Business Day ................................................ 100 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 101 
Calculation Regulations.................................. 96 
Call Spread CMS Reference Rate ................. 104 
Cap ................................................................ 105 
Capital Event ................................................. 147 
Central Bank ...................................................... i 
CHF ................................................................. vii 
CIBOR .......................................................... 103 
clearing agency ............................................... 87 
Clearing Agency ........................................... 152 
clearing corporation ........................................ 87 
Clearing Systems ............................................ 87 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......................... iv, 91 
CMS Rate ...................................................... 105 
CMS Rate 1 ....................................... 60, 75, 105 
CMS Rate 2 ....................................... 60, 75, 105 
CMS Reference Rate ..................................... 104 
CMT Rate ..................................................... 124 
CMT Reset Determination Time ................... 125 
Code .............................................................. 139 
Commission's Proposal ................................. 201 
Common Depositary ........................................ iv 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ....................... 96 
Common Safekeeper ........................................ iv 
Compounded Daily SOFR ............................ 112 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................... 107 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate .................. 110 
Compounded SOFR ...................................... 115 
Conditions ................................................. 57, 73 
Corresponding Tenor .................................... 137 
Couponholders ................ 90, 146, 147, 148, 149 
Coupons .......................................................... 90 
CRA Regulation .......................................... ii, 67 
CRD IV ................................................. 133, 192 
CRD IV Directive ......................................... 133 
CRD IV Implementing Measures ................. 133 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive ............ 22, 93, 198 
CRO .............................................................. 178 
CRR ................................................ 15, 133, 192 
CRR Quick Fix ............................................... 15 
d  .................................................................. 111 
D1 .......................................................... 118, 119 
D2 .......................................................... 118, 119 
Day Count Fraction ......................... 98, 117, 125 
dc  .................................................................. 116 
Dealer ................................................................. i 
Dealers ............................................................... i 
Deed of Covenant ........................................... 90 
Designated Maturity .............................. 101, 120 
Determination Period ...................................... 98 
Direct Participants ........................................... 87 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations ..... 96 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations ....................... 96 
Distribution Compliance Period ................ v, 153 
distributor ................................................... vi, 56 
DNB Bank Group .............................................. 1 
DNB Boligkreditt ............................................ 10 
DNB Group ....................................................... 1 
do  .................................................................. 112

--- Page 223 ---
11/67312202_22 
214 
Dodd-Frank Act .............................................. 17 
DTC ............................................................ v, 91 
DTC Notes ...................................................... 87 
EBA .............................................................. 182 
EEA ....................................................... i, 56, 72 
eligible liabilities .......................................... 133 
Eligible Projects ............................................. 28 
EMMI ............................................................. 33 
Ernst & Young.............................................. 211 
ESMA ......................................................... ii, 70 
EU .................................................................... ii 
EU Banking Reform Legislation .................. 192 
EUR ................................................................ vii 
EURIBOR .............................................. 32, 103 
euro ................................................................. vii 
Eurobond Basis............................................. 118 
Euroclear ................................................... iv, 91 
Euronext Dublin ................................................ i 
EUWA ........................................................ ii, 56 
Exchange Act ............................................... 161 
Exchange Agent ............................................. 89 
Exchange Date ................................................ 51 
Exchange Event .............................................. 51 
Excluded Winding-up ..................................... 94 
Exempt Notes ............................................. ii, 89 
FATCA ......................................................... 200 
FIEA ............................................................. 209 
Final Terms ................................................ ii, 90 
Financial Institutions Act ............................... 96 
Financial Institutions Regulation ............ 23, 195 
FinSA ................................................................ i 
First Reset Date ............................................ 125 
First Reset Margin ........................................ 125 
First Reset Period ......................................... 125 
First Reset Rate of Interest ........................... 125 
Fixed Interest Period ...................................... 97 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes .............................. 29 
Floating Rate ................................................ 101 
Floating Rate Option .................................... 101 
Floor ............................................................. 105 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 200 
FSMA ...................................................... iv, 207 
FTT ............................................................... 201 
general bail-in tool .................................. 23, 195 
Green Bonds ................................................. 164 
Green Finance Framework ............................. 28 
Group ............................................................ 133 
H.15(519) ..................................................... 125 
HIBOR ......................................................... 103 
holder ........................................................ 52, 92 
holder of Notes ......................................... 54, 91 
holders ...................................................... 90, 94 
i 113 
IAI Investment Letter ........................... 153, 204 
IAS ................................................................. 20 
IASB ............................................................... 20 
ICAAP .......................................................... 180 
ICT ................................................................. 12 
IFRS ............................................................... 48 
IGAs ............................................................. 201 
IMF ................................................................... 2 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 133 
Indirect Participants ........................................ 87 
Initial Period ................................................. 121 
Initial Rate of Interest ................................... 125 
Institutional Accredited Investor ................... 203 
Institutional Accredited Investors ..... v, 152, 202 
Insurance Distribution Directive ....................... v 
Interest Amount ............................................ 117 
Interest Determination Date .................. 108, 113 
Interest Payment Date ..................................... 99 
Interest Period ......................................... 99, 125 
Intermediary ............................................... iv, 92 
Intermediated Securities ............................ 52, 92 
Interpolated Benchmark ................................ 137 
Investor Put ..................................................... 41 
Investor's Currency ......................................... 31 
IRB .................................................................. 17 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement .................... 101 
ISDA Definitions .................................. 101, 137 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ........................... 137 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 137 
ISDA Rate ..................................................... 100 
Issuer ............................................ i, 1, 57, 73, 89 
Issuer Call ....................................................... 41 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement ................................ 54 
LCR ......................................................... 15, 194 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations ................... 96 
Legend .......................................................... 152 
Legended Notes ............................................ 152 
Leverage........................................................ 105 
Leveraged CMS Reference Rate ................... 104 
LIBOR .................................................... 32, 103 
listed ................................................................... i 
Lock-out Period ............................................ 113 
London Banking Day ............................ 108, 111 
London Business Day ................................... 120 
Long Maturity Note ...................................... 140 
M1 ......................................................... 118, 119 
M2 ......................................................... 118, 119 
Margin ........................................................... 105 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ................................. 125 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation ................ 125 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ..... 125 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity ................. 126 
Mid-Swap Rate ............................................. 126 
MiFID II ....................................................... i, 56 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................... vi 
Moody's ............................................................. ii 
MREL ..................................................... 16, 196 
MREL Disqualification Event ...................... 147 
MREL Eligible Liabilities ............................. 133 
MREL Requirement ...................................... 134 
NFSA ........................................................ 14, 96 
NFSR ............................................................ 194 
NGN ................................................................. iv 
ni  .................................................................. 113 
NIBOR .......................................................... 103 
NOK ................................................................ vii 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities ...................... 94

--- Page 224 ---
11/67312202_22 
215 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities ...................... 94 
non-viability loss absorption .................. 24, 195 
Norwegian FSA .............................................. 96 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
 .................................................................. 163 
Noteholder .....................................52, 54, 91, 92 
Noteholders ......... 90, 93, 94, 146, 147, 148, 149 
Notes... i, 89, 92, 93, 94, 144, 146, 147, 148, 149 
NSS ................................................................ 54 
Observation Period ....................................... 113 
offer .............................................................. 206 
offer of Notes to the public ........................... 206 
Official List ....................................................... i 
OPEC ................................................................ 3 
Original Reference Rate ............................... 134 
Original Reset Reference Rate Basis ............ 126 
Oslo Børs ...................................................... 165 
Oslo Stock Exchange ...................................... 45 
Other Senior Obligations ................................ 26 
p 108, 113 
participating Member States ......................... 201 
Paying Agent .................................................. 89 
Paying Agents................................................. 89 
Payment Day ................................................ 141 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ........................ iv 
prescribed capital markets products ......... 56, 72 
PRIBOR ....................................................... 103 
Pricing Supplement .................................... ii, 90 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ v, 56, 72 
Priority of Claims ........................................... 95 
Proceedings .................................................. 161 
professional investors ................................... 207 
Programme Agreement ................................. 202 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers .. 209 
Prospectus Regulation ................................. i, 57 
Put Notice ..................................................... 144 
QIB ............................................................... 202 
QIBs ......................................................... v, 152 
qualified institutional buyer .......................... 202 
Qualified Institutional Buyer ........................ 203 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations....... 97 
Qualifying MREL Securities ........................ 149 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities .............. 148 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations ........................ 97 
Ranking Notice ................................... 22, 43, 93 
Rate of Interest ............................................... 99 
Rating Agency .............................................. 149 
Receiptholders ................................................ 90 
Record Date .................................................. 141 
Redeemed Notes ........................................... 144 
Reference Banks ................................... 102, 105 
Reference Bond Price ................................... 126 
Reference Bond Rate .................................... 126 
Reference Day .............................................. 114 
Reference Government Bond Dealer ............ 127 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations
 .................................................................. 127 
Reference Period .......................................... 108 
Reference Rate ..................................... 103, 127 
Reference Time ............................................ 137 
Reg. S Global Note .................................. iv, 152 
Reg. S Notes ................................................. 152 
Registered Global Notes ........................... v, 152 
Registered Notes .......................................... i, 91 
Registrar .......................................................... 89 
Regulation S ..................................................... iv 
Relevant Amounts ......................................... 163 
Relevant Date ................................................ 150 
relevant Dealer ................................................... i 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 103 
Relevant Governmental Body ....................... 137 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 134 
Relevant Number .................................. 111, 116 
Relevant Regulator.......................................... 97 
Relevant Reset Margin .................................. 127 
Relevant Resolution Authority ...................... 163 
Relevant Swap Rate ...................................... 105 
relevant time ............................................. 96, 97 
Representative Amount ................................. 106 
Reset Date ............................................. 101, 127 
Reset Determination Date ............................. 127 
Reset Determination Time ............................ 127 
Reset Notes Interest Amount ........................ 121 
Reset Period .................................................. 127 
Reset Reference Bank Rate ........................... 127 
Reset Reference Banks ................................. 128 
Reset Reference Bond ................................... 128 
Reset Reference Rate .................................... 128 
Reset United States Treasury Securities ....... 128 
Reset 
United 
States 
Treasury 
Securities 
Quotation................................................... 129 
resident of Japan ........................................... 209 
Restricted Global Note .............................. v, 152 
Restricted Notes ............................................ 152 
restricted securities........................................ 161 
retail investor ........................................ 205, 206 
risk-free overnight rate .................................... 33 
Rules ............................................................... 87 
RWAs ............................................................... 8 
S&P ................................................................... ii 
Safe Harbor Resales ...................................... 204 
Sbanken ......................................................... 166 
SEC ................................................................... v 
Second Reset Date ........................................ 129 
Securities Act ................................... iv, 151, 203 
Security ......................................................... 203 
Security Act .................................................. 176 
Selection Date ............................................... 144 
Senior Creditors .............................................. 94 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ............................... i 
Senior Preferred Notes ....................................... i 
Series ............................................................... 90 
SFA ............................................ viii, 56, 72, 208 
SIBOR ........................................................... 104 
SIS .............................................................. iv, 92 
SIX Swiss Exchange ............................... i, iv, 92 
SOFR .............................................. 33, 114, 116 
SOFR Administrator ............................. 114, 116 
SOFR Administrator’s Website .................... 116 
SOFR Administrator's Website ..................... 114

--- Page 225 ---
11/67312202_22 
216 
SOFR Determination Time ........................... 114 
SOFR Index .................................................. 116 
SOFR IndexEnd ........................................... 116 
SOFR IndexStart .......................................... 116 
SOFRi ........................................................... 114 
SONIA ............................................................ 33 
SONIA Compounded Index ......................... 111 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd ................... 111 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart .................. 111 
SONIA Reference Rate ................................ 108 
SONIAi ......................................................... 109 
Specified Currency ............................... 129, 139 
Specified Time ............................................. 104 
SREP ............................................................ 193 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims ..................... 94 
Steepner CMS Reference Rate ..................... 104 
Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged .. 104 
Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged 104 
Sterling ........................................................... vii 
STIBOR ........................................................ 104 
Stortinget ........................................................ 16 
Subordinated Notes ........................................... i 
Subscription and Sale ..................................... 49 
Subsequent Margin ....................................... 129 
Subsequent Reset Date ................................. 129 
Subsequent Reset Period .............................. 129 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ................ 129 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 97 
Substitute Obligor ......................................... 159 
sub-unit ........................................................... 99 
successor in business .................................... 160 
Successor Rate .............................................. 134 
Swiss Domestic Notes ............................... iv, 92 
Swiss Global Note ..................................... iv, 92 
Swiss Paying Agents ...................................... 89 
Swiss Principal Paying Agent ......................... 89 
TAC .............................................................. 181 
Talons ............................................................. 90 
TARGET2 System ........................................ 100 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ........................ iv 
Term SOFR ................................................... 137 
TIBOR .......................................................... 104 
Tier 1 Capital .................................................. 97 
Tier 2 Capital .................................................. 97 
Tranche ........................................................... 90 
Transfer Agent ................................................ 89 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 89 
Transfer Certificate ....................................... 153 
U.S. dollars ..................................................... vii 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day .. 115, 
116 
U.S.$ ............................................................... vii 
UK ............................................................ i, ii, 72 
UK MiFIR ....................................................... 56 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............ vi 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ......................... vi, 56, 72 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................... iv 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ........... 137 
United States Treasury Securities ................. 129 
URL ................................................................ vii 
US PERSONS ............................................... 204 
VPS .............................................................. i, 89 
VPS Account Manager ................................... 89 
VPS Letter....................................................... 54 
VPS Notes .................................................... i, 89 
winding-up of the Issuer ................................. 21 
Y1 .......................................................... 118, 119 
Y2 .......................................................... 118, 119 
Yen .................................................................. vii

--- Page 226 ---
11/67312202_22 
217 
 
THE ISSUER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT and EXCHANGE AGENT and 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Centre 
Reuterweg 16 
Canada Square 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Canary Wharf 
Germany 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
DNB Bank ASA, Legal Department 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law  
To the Dealers as to Norwegian Law 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Exchange House, Primrose Street 
Dronning Mauds Gate 11 
London EC2A 2EG 
PO Box 1513 Vika 
United Kingdom 
0250 Oslo 
 
Norway 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 6 
Oslo Atrium 
P.O. Box 20 
NO-0051 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 227 ---
11/67312202_22 
218 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Barclays Bank PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
5 The North Colonnade 
Dublin 2 
Canary Wharf 
D02RF29 
London E14 4BB 
Ireland 
United Kingdom 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
51 rue la Boétie 
75009 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Reuterweg 16 
Citigroup Centre 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Canada Square 
Germany 
Canary Wharf 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
Plumtree Court  
N-0021 Oslo 
25 Shoe Lane  
Norway 
London EC4A 4AU 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
38, avenue Kléber 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
75116 Paris 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Nomura International plc 
UBS Europe SE 
1 Angel Lane 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
London EC4R 3AB 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
United Kingdom 
Germany 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Arabellastrasse 12 
 
D-81925 Munich 
 
Germany 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland