--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
Prospectus dated 24 March 2022 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(incorporated with limited liability in Norway) 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 
Medium-Term Note Program 
Under the Medium-Term Note Program (the “Program”) described in this prospectus (the “Prospectus”), DNB 
Bank ASA (the “Issuer” or the “Bank”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided herein. Notice of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) of Notes, will be set out in the applicable Final Terms (the “Final Terms”) or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes (as defined below), a Pricing Supplement (as defined below).  
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis (“Senior Preferred Notes”); 
(ii) on a non-preferred basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein (“Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes”); or (iii) on a subordinated basis as provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein 
(“Subordinated Notes”). 
Any Notes issued under the Program on or after the date of this Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions 
herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Prospectus.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealers and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the 
Program from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each, a 
“Dealer” and, together, the “Dealers”). References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall (i) in relation 
to any issue of Notes, be to the Dealer agreeing to subscribe for such Notes or, (ii) in the case of each issue of 
Notes syndicated amongst a group of Dealers, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Notes will be issued in fully registered form. Global Notes (as defined herein) representing the Notes will be held 
by or on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) for the benefit of participants in DTC or be registered 
in the name of a nominee for, and deposited with, a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). See “Settlement.”  
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Program. 
This Prospectus is valid for twelve months from the date of this Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when 
this Prospectus is no longer valid. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Bank nor as an endorsement of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes issued under the Program within twelve months of 
the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state (“Member State”) 
of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
Notes issued under the Program (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below)) within 12 months of the date of 
this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its 
regulated market (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
The applicable pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) in respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will 
specify whether or not such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on any non-EEA stock exchanges 
and/or markets, if applicable.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this 
Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes and the Central Bank assumes no responsibility in relation to issues of 
Exempt Notes. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors”, 
beginning on page 1 of this Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within 
the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes may be offered for sale only (i) in the United 
States, to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) within the meaning of, and in reliance on, Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”), or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; or (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. persons 
in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S, in each case, in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See “Plan of 
Distribution and Transfer Restrictions—Selling Restrictions.” 
EACH INITIAL AND SUBSEQUENT PURCHASER OF THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY IN MAKING ITS 
PURCHASE 
WILL 
BE 
DEEMED 
TO 
HAVE 
MADE 
CERTAIN 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, 
REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS INTENDED TO RESTRICT THE RESALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER OF SUCH NOTES AND MAY IN CERTAIN CASES BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 
SEE “PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS—U.S. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS.” 
The Program provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also 
issue Notes which are not listed or admitted to trading on any market. 
The Program has been rated “AA-” (Senior Preferred Notes), “A” (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), “A-” 
(Subordinated Notes) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “(P)Aa2” (Senior Preferred Notes), 
“(P)Baa1” (Subordinated Notes) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”). The Issuer’s long-term 
senior unsecured debt has been rated “AA (low)” by DBRS Ratings Limited (“DBRS”) (unsolicited). S&P is 
established in the European Union (“EU”) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, 
the “CRA Regulation”) and each of Moody’s and DBRS is established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by Moody’s 
and DBRS have been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and DBRS Ratings GmbH respectively in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and DBRS Ratings GmbH is 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
and DBRS Ratings GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Program may be rated or 
unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche (as defined below) of Notes 
is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Program. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June, 2016 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in 
the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in 
ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of 
any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International  
Dealers 
Barclays 
Goldman Sachs International

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the 
Program for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement relating to any 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Program. In the case of a Tranche of Notes, which is the subject of a Pricing 
Supplement, each reference in this Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant or 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes) unless the context requires otherwise. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference.” This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis 
that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted 
by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus or any information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Program, the 
Notes or their distribution nor is any responsibility or liability accepted by the Dealers for any acts or omissions 
of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with any issue and offering of the 
Notes under the Program. None of the Arranger and the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the 
proceeds of any Green Bonds (as defined below) issued under this Program. 
The Issuer has not authorised any person to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Program or the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or the Notes should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the Issuer’s 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the Issuer’s creditworthiness. Investors should not construe 
the contents of this Prospectus as legal, business, financial or tax advice and should consult their own attorney, 
business advisor, financial advisor or tax advisor and make its own assessment of the risks involved. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or the issue of any Notes constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on the Issuer’s behalf or by or on behalf of the Arranger or any Dealer to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the Issuer’s financial condition or affairs during the life of the Program or to advise any 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, among other things, 
the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus when deciding whether or 
not to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and will be available 
from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (as defined below). 
Certain information under “Risk Factors” and “Description of the DNB Group” has been extracted from 
publications from Statistics Norway, Norges Bank, Eurostat, the OECD, the World Health Organization and the 
World Bank and others and references to any such third-party sources of information are included herein. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in 
their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference 
to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority or any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Unless otherwise specified in any supplement to 
this Prospectus, each series of Notes is initially being privately placed exclusively to persons reasonably believed 
by the Dealers to be QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A or in other transactions exempt from registration in 
accordance with Regulation S. Notes offered to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will initially be represented by 
one or more global notes (the “Rule 144A Global Notes”) and the Notes offered outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S will initially be represented by one or more global notes (the “Regulation S Global 
Notes” and, together with the Rule 144A Global Notes, the “Global Notes”). After their initial private placement, 
the Notes represented by Rule 144A Global Notes may be resold to QIBs in transactions satisfying the 
requirements of Rule 144A or in transactions exempt from registration in accordance with Regulation S. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See “Plan of Distribution and Transfer 
Restrictions—Selling Restrictions.” Neither this Prospectus, any Final Terms nor any Pricing Supplement 
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that this Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. This Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been 
published. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or the Notes may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium and Norway), the UK, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Canada. See 
“Plan of Distribution and Transfer Restrictions.” 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In addition, any offer of Notes in the UK must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the “FSMA”) for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in the 
UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises 
for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for any offer of Notes. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend titled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated 
Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may (if applicable) include a legend titled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors,” the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect 
from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial 
activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment in 
Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other investment firm 
in the DNB Group (as defined below), an investment in Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk 
profile of such a deposit. Notes are expected to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are 
generally not transferable. However, Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. 
Notes are unsecured and (in the case of Subordinated Notes) are subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Investments in Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing measures 
implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its 
obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire investment.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
STABILISATION 
Notes will be issued in Tranches. In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant 
Dealers (in such capacity, the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED STATES 
In the United States, this Prospectus is being furnished on a confidential basis solely for the purpose of enabling 
a prospective investor to consider purchasing the Notes and it may not be forwarded or redistributed to any other 
person. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority or any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or 
indirectly within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Notes may be offered for sale only (i) in the United States, to QIBs within the meaning of, 
and in reliance on, Rule 144A, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
or (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions to persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on, and in 
accordance with, Regulation S except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, in each case, in compliance with applicable laws, and regulations. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the 
provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See “Plan of Distribution and Transfer 
Restrictions—Selling Restrictions.” 
The Notes have not been recommended, approved or disapproved by any U.S. federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not passed upon the merits of the 
Program or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is a criminal offense in the United States. 
SINGAPORE: SECTION 309B(1)(C) NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore 
(as modified and amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes issued under the Program are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).  
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
The DNB Green Finance Framework (as defined below) is accessible through the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/green-bond-framework. However, any information on, or accessible 
through, the Issuer’s website and the information in the DNB Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by 
reference, and does not constitute part of, this Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making 
any investment decision with respect to any Green Bonds.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 1 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ............................................. 46 
ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES ....................................................................................................... 51 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 52 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................... 54 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM ............................................................................................. 57 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 66 
CAPITALISATION ............................................................................................................................................. 67 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ....................................................................... 68 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................... 72 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DNB GROUP ............................................................................................................ 107 
SELECTED STATISTICAL DATA .................................................................................................................. 119 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND RISK-ADJUSTED PERFORMANCE .............................................................. 145 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................... 163 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION .............................................................................................................. 171 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 184 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 247 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................... 264 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 278 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................... 287 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................... 289 
SETTLEMENT .................................................................................................................................................. 300 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 304

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this Prospectus, for any data, financial or otherwise, presented from 1 July 2021(being the effective date of the 
merger between DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving entity, hereinafter referred 
to as the “Merger Effective Date”), references to the “Bank”, the “Issuer” and the “DNB Group” refer to the 
post-merger consolidation of DNB ASA, together with its subsidiaries, and DNB Bank ASA, together with its 
subsidiaries. For any data, financial or otherwise, presented before the Merger Effective Date, references to the 
“DNB Group” refer to the pre-merger consolidation of DNB ASA, together with its subsidiaries, and references 
to the “DNB Bank Group” refer to the pre-merger consolidation of DNB Bank ASA, together with its subsidiaries. 
DNB Bank ASA remains the surviving entity following the merger and the Issuer remains DNB Bank ASA. If any 
of the following risks actually occurs, the DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of the Notes could decline, and you may 
lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that the DNB Group 
believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones the DNB Group faces. Additional 
risks and uncertainties not presently known to the DNB Group or that the DNB Group currently deems immaterial 
may also have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of 
the DNB Group and could negatively affect the price of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the risks set forth and referred to below and the other information 
contained in this Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference herein) and should reach their 
own views and decisions on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in light of the investor’s personal 
circumstances. Furthermore, investors should consult their financial, legal and tax advisors to carefully review 
the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes, it is not an exhaustive list and should be used as guidance only. When a risk 
factor is relevant in more than one category, such risk factor is presented only under the category deemed to be 
the most relevant for such risk factor. 
Risks Related to the Issuer  
Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group.  
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, has had a significant adverse impact on global 
macroeconomic conditions and financial markets and the economic environments in which the DNB Group 
operates, including in Norway. As of 11 March 2022, over 450 million people worldwide had contracted COVID-
19, with over 6 million reported deaths. (Source: WHO, Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) Dashboard). In March 
2020, the WHO characterised the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant volatility in financial and commodities markets. Global GDP 
contracted for 2020 in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. While global 
GDP is predicted to grow in 2021 and 2022, it remains volatile and sensitive to further waves of infection and/or 
new variants of COVID-19 and other factors (see also "—The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations may be adversely affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks" 
below).  
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the outbreak of COVID-19 may last, or how severe or frequent any 
waves of infection may become, and consequently the full impact that COVID-19 may have on the global 
economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the DNB Group's business, results of operations and/or its prospects. If 
further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 occur and the measures intended to contain COVID-
19 are reinstated for a prolonged period (and in particular if new virus variants arise which spread more easily or

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
against which available vaccines and treatments are less effective or which cause higher rates of hospitalisation 
or death), global macroeconomic conditions would worsen and the global economy may experience a further 
significant slowdown or volatility in its growth rate or a further contraction in global GDP. Due to the negative 
impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Norwegian economy, Norges Bank reduced the key policy rate from 
1.50 per cent. in March 2020 to zero in May 2020. In 2021, the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic 
tapered off and the Norwegian economy recovered to an extent, although ongoing disruptions to supply chains 
and increased commodity prices have resulted in increased concerns regarding rates of inflation. As a result, 
Norges Bank increased the key policy rate by 0.25 per cent. in September 2021 and 0.25 per cent. in December 
2021, bringing the current key policy rate to 0.50 per cent. Norges Bank forecasts five additional rate hikes of 25 
basis points each before the end of 2024, but there can be no assurances that Norges Bank will increase the key 
policy rate as expected. 
Lastly, the COVID-19 pandemic and corresponding impacts have had and are likely to continue to have an effect 
on various businesses, for example transportation, hospitality and restaurants. Further waves of infection and/or 
new variants of COVID-19 are likely to negatively affect both the world economy and the Norwegian economy, 
which will have an adverse effect on the DNB Group. In its World Economic Outlook Update, the International 
Monetary Fund (“IMF”) notes that global economic growth is projected to decrease from 5.9 per cent. in 2021 to 
4.4 per cent. in 2022 due largely to the global move to reimpose mobility restrictions due to the Omicron COVID-
19 variant at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022, high inflation due to rising energy prices and supply 
disruptions and slow recovery of private consumption. The IMF also notes that the emergence of new COVID-19 
variants, which could prompt renewed economic disruptions, combined with continued supply chain interruptions, 
energy price volatility and geopolitical issues, among others, could create further uncertainty and instability. 
(Source: The World Economic Outlook Update, Rising Caseloads, a Disrupted Recovery and Higher Inflation, 
January 2022, The IMF, 25 January 2022) Furthermore, as customers in certain segments, such as oil, gas and 
offshore, have shown signs of recovery from the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, other segments, 
such as personal customers, have experienced adverse effects, which may in turn continue to adversely affect the 
DNB Group’s results of operations even as other segments recover. 
Volatility in global financial and commodities markets may also be exacerbated as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic. This volatility, if it continues, could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s customers and 
on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Given the ongoing and dynamic 
nature of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the government measures implemented to counter or 
limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, it is not possible at this time accurately to assess the ultimate impact of 
the outbreak for the world economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the DNB Group. High levels of volatility 
have in the past had adverse effects on consumer confidence and consumption levels, both in industrial and retail 
segments in the countries in which the DNB Group operates, and continuing volatility may have further adverse 
effects on such measures as the COVID-19 pandemic develops, in particular if further waves of infection and/or 
new variants of COVID-19 occur (especially new virus variants which spread more easily or against which 
available vaccines and treatments are less effective or which cause higher rates of hospitalisation or death). 
Measures implemented by governmental authorities in numerous jurisdictions, including Norway, to contain the 
outbreak of COVID-19, such as school and university closings, business closings, travel and commuting 
restrictions, border closings and controls and quarantines, bans on public gatherings, social distancing and other 
measures to discourage or prohibit the movement and gathering of people, have had in 2020 and 2021, and would 
have if re-introduced, a material and adverse impact on the level of economic activity in Norway and in the other 
countries in which the DNB Group operates. The restrictions are implemented by the governments of individual 
jurisdictions (including through the adoption of emergency powers) and impacts (including the timing of 
implementation, any subsequent lifting of restrictions and tightening of restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction. The outbreak and the restrictions implemented to contain the outbreak have impacted (notably in 
the second quarter of 2020) and would impact if re-introduced, the DNB Group's operations in a number of ways, 
such as: (i) volatility in the financial markets in which it operates, (ii) volatility in oil and gas prices, (iii) affecting 
the operations of the DNB Group's counterparties, who may as a result default on their obligations due to the DNB 
Group (such as repayments) and (iv) affect the DNB Group's ability to conduct its business. As a result of the

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
foregoing factors, the outbreak of COVID-19, further mutations of the COVID-19 virus and/or outbreaks of any 
other contagious diseases may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, loan portfolio, 
financial condition (including capital and liquidity), results of operations and prospects.  
Continuing or increased turbulence in credit or other markets could have a material adverse effect on the DNB 
Group’s ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it.  
Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group 
operates may adversely affect the DNB Group’s business and results of operations and are likely to continue 
to do so if those conditions persist or recur.  
The DNB Group’s business activities are dependent on the level of banking and financial services required by its 
customers. In particular, borrowing levels are heavily dependent on customer confidence, employment trends, the 
state of the economy, and market interest rates. The DNB Group’s performance is significantly influenced by 
general economic conditions in Norway and, to a lesser extent, the other countries in which it operates, as well as 
general global economic conditions as they may affect particular sectors of the economy that are important to the 
DNB Group’s business, such as the offshore oil and gas sector, shipping and real estate. As the DNB Group 
currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its performance is significantly influenced by the level 
and cyclical nature of business activity in Norway, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international 
economic factors (for example, fluctuations in the price of oil and gas), the COVID-19 pandemic (as discussed 
under “—The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group” above), geopolitical events (including the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine as discussed under "—The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations may be adversely affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks" below) and 
political events, including trade policy disagreements, for example, between the United States and China, which 
have a negative impact on the global financial markets.  
Mainland GDP in Norway declined by 3.0 per cent. in 2020 and grew by 4.2 per cent. in 2021 (Source: Statistics 
Norway, 16 February 2022). Estimated GDP for 2022 and the coming years is uncertain, however recent estimates 
from Norges Bank suggest growth of 3.5 per cent. in 2022, growth of 2.0 per cent. in 2023 and growth of 1.0 per 
cent. in 2024 (Source: Norges Bank, 16 December 2021). 
Oil and gas industry 
In particular, the state of the Norwegian economy depends on the performance of the oil and gas industry. The 
outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent significant decrease in demand for oil, coupled with the decision of 
the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) to remove all limits on oil production in March 
2020, caused a sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 2020. In response to increasing oil prices from the end 
of 2020 through the first half of 2021, OPEC and its allies reached an agreement to increase oil production, with 
a target of restoring output to pre-pandemic levels by the end of 2022. The agreement provides for an additional 
400,000 barrels per day for each month from August 2021, with a total increase in output of about two million 
barrels per day by the end of 2021. These monthly increases will continue through the course of 2022. Although 
crude oil prices have been increasing due to OPEC production agreements, economic recovery and as a result of 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine with Brent crude oil prices increasing to U.S.$139.13 per barrel on 7 
March 2022, the highest level in almost 14 years, there can be no assurance that prices will not decrease again or 
remain volatile, particularly if production output levels are further modified or the agreement on production output 
levels is not maintained or demand decreases. As a result, the level of oil investments is highly uncertain, thereby 
directly impacting the operations and profitability of the DNB Group’s clients in the oil, gas and offshore industry, 
which, as of 31 December 2021, accounted for approximately 4.3 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding 
credit institutions) for the DNB Group. Investments in oil and gas reduced by 4.1 per cent. in 2020. (Source: 
Norges Bank, 16 December 2021). Norges Bank has also estimated that there will be a 1.0 per cent. reduction in 
investments in oil and gas in 2021, a 6.0 per cent. reduction in 2022 and a 10.0 per cent. increase in 2023 (Source: 
Norges Bank, 16 December 2021). Significant reductions and/or volatility in oil prices could have a significant 
impact on oil investments in 2022 and beyond. Low oil prices, high volatility in oil price and reduced oil-related

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
investments would likely have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and the DNB Group's 
customers.  
Housing sector 
Stimulated by substantial cuts in interest rates, housing prices in Norway started to increase in early 2009 and 
reached a peak in April 2017 (February 2017 in Oslo). After the peak in the first half of 2017, housing prices 
decreased (particularly in Oslo) but started increasing again from 2018 up until February 2020. Due to the outbreak 
of COVID-19 and lower levels of activity as a result of efforts to contain the outbreak, housing prices dropped by 
1.4 per cent. from February 2020 to March 2020. Since March 2020, housing prices again increased to an all-time 
high in May 2021, with an 11.3 per cent. increase for the twelve-month period ending 31 May 2021. After 
dropping slightly in the second half in 2021, housing prices reached a new all-time high in February 2022, with 
an increase of 6.3 per cent. for the twelve-month period ending 28 February 2022. (Source: Housing prices 
statistics, Real Estate Norway, March 2022). The latest increase is due to a low supply of houses resulting from 
new Norwegian regulations requiring stricter disclosure requirements for sellers, which has created a bottleneck 
in the housing market. However, the long-term effects of the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact on the 
Norwegian economy combined with slow growth in household incomes suggest a high degree of uncertainty 
regarding further developments in housing prices and a drop in house-prices may occur, especially if the key 
policy rate increases. Stricter regulation of home mortgages may also continue to dampen house-price growth. 
Historically low interest rates have resulted in a further build-up of household debt, increasing the risk of a bubble 
in the housing market. Any further correction in housing prices, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions 
and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and on the DNB 
Group's financial condition. 
Household debt ratios in Norway are high, both historically and compared with other countries. Such high 
household debt levels increase the risk that households will reduce consumption in response to a substantial 
decrease in housing prices or a pronounced increase in interest rates. An abrupt decrease in household 
consumption could lead to reduced corporate earnings and debt-servicing capacity, which could result in higher 
losses on the DNB Group’s corporate loans. 
Unemployment 
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. Unemployment 
reached a peak of 5.0 per cent. in 2016, reflecting the decline in activity in the petroleum sector and weaker growth 
in the Norwegian economy. The unemployment rate decreased to a low of 3.8 per cent. in the first quarter of 2020 
(Source: Labour Force Survey (Statistics Norway), however due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment 
rate increased significantly in the second quarter of 2020, but has since decreased. As at 31 December 2021, the 
unemployment rate was 3.3 per cent. (Source: Labour Force Survey (Statistics Norway, 24 February 2021). The 
unemployment rate is expected to reach 3.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 3.9 per cent. as at 31 December 
2023 and 3.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2024 (Source: Statistics Norway, 3 December 2021). Although it is not 
possible to accurately predict the unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price 
environment together with any further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 or macroeconomic 
consequences from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions could have a material adverse 
effect on the unemployment rate in Norway. 
Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Group might not be adequate 
to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
The DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks. 
The geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine increased in 2021 as Russian military activity in the region 
increased and Russia demanded guarantees that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) should not be

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
expanded. As a result, several NATO countries have increased military troops in the eastern parts of Europe. On 
24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. This conflict has impacted and is expected 
to continue to impact energy prices and energy supply in Europe, which is largely dependent on Russian natural 
gas and on crude oil. In addition, NATO and other countries have implemented unprecedented economic and other 
sanctions against Russia in response to the invasion of Ukraine. Examples of such sanctions include a prohibition 
on doing business with certain Russian companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs and a 
commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for 
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications (“SWIFT”), the electronic banking network that connects 
banks globally. Many Western companies have also announced the cessation of their Russian businesses and/or 
their unwillingness to retain interests in Russian assets or to continue dealings with Russian or related 
counterparties, even where such action is not required by current sanction regimes. The scope and scale of such 
economic sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject to rapid and unpredictable change and 
may have considerable negative impacts on global macroeconomic conditions and on European economies and 
counterparties. Moreover, existing concerns about market volatility, rising commodity prices, disruptions to 
supply chains, high rates of inflation and the risk of regional or global recessions or "stagflation" (i.e., recession 
or reduced rates of economic growth coupled with high rates of inflation) have been exacerbated by Russia's 
invasion of Ukraine. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy, the 
DNB Group's customers and the DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the conflict between Russia and the Ukraine may last, or how severe 
its impacts may become. If the conflict is prolonged, escalates or expands (including if additional countries 
become involved), or if additional economic sanctions or other measures are imposed, or if volatility in commodity 
prices or disruptions to supply chains worsen, regional and global macroeconomic conditions and financial 
markets could be impacted more severely, which in turn could have a more severe effect on the Norwegian 
economy, the DNB Group's customers and the DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Other geopolitical events, such as deteriorating trade relations, could result in volatility in oil prices and in turn 
negatively impact the global economy. In turn, sluggish global growth and declining world trade could have a 
dampening impact on Norwegian export industries. 
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as recession or reduced rates of growth, the DNB 
Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, decreased 
access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment losses and lower 
profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The DNB Group’s customers are affected by developments in trading partner nations. 
Although Norway is not a member of the European Union, economic developments within the European Union 
significantly affect Norway and the DNB Group as the European Union is one of Norway’s principal trading 
partners and Norway is a member of the broader EEA. Economic conditions in the European Union have been 
materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021 and may be adversely affected 
by the macroeconomic consequences from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions. In 
addition, EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related to 
demographic and political trends. Economic conditions in the European Union are further subject to the risks of 
slowdown and volatility as a result of the United Kingdom’s exit from European Union (“Brexit”), and uncertainty 
as to whether and to what extent this exit may also negatively impact the European markets. On 8 July 2021, the 
EFTA countries (Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) entered into a new free trade agreement with the UK. The 
free trade agreement covers trade in goods, services and investment, digital trade, capital movements, government 
procurement, intellectual property, competition subsidies, small and medium-sized enterprises, good regulatory 
practices and regulatory cooperation, recognition of professional qualifications, trade and sustainable 
developments. The free trade agreement is still subject to ratification in the relevant jurisdictions.

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
Adverse economic developments have affected the DNB Group’s business in a number of ways, and such 
developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, businesses and/or 
financial condition of the DNB Group’s customers, which, in turn, could reduce the credit quality of the DNB 
Group’s loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the DNB Group’s financial products and 
services. See “—Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Loan Portfolio—The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of 
material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting in impairments”. Risks Related to the DNB 
Group’s Loan Portfolio 
The DNB Group’s business is significantly affected by credit risk. 
The DNB Group is subject to credit risk, or the risk that the DNB Group’s borrowers and other counterparties are 
unable to fulfil their payment obligations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the DNB Group’s borrowers 
or counterparties or a general deterioration in Norwegian, U.S., European or global economic conditions, or 
adverse changes arising from systemic risk in the global financial system, could affect the recoverability and value 
of the DNB Group’s assets and require an increase in the DNB Group’s impairments. Any significant increase in 
the DNB Group’s credit risk may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and 
resulting in impairments.  
The DNB Group recognised impairments of its loans and guarantees in accordance with IFRS; however, the 
impairments made are based on available information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, 
and there can be no assurance that they will be sufficient to cover the amount of actual losses as they occur. For 
the year ended 31 December 2021, the DNB Group recorded NOK 868 million in net reversals of impairments, 
mainly due to the vaccine roll-out and lifting of lockdown restrictions in 2021, as compared to impairments of 
NOK 9,918 million in the year ended 31 December 2020, which were largely influenced by the COVID-19 
pandemic. Further adverse changes in the credit quality of the DNB Group’s borrowers and counterparties or a 
decline in collateral values would likely require an increase in impairments, which in turn would adversely affect 
the DNB Group’s financial performance.  
Actual loan losses and losses on other commitments vary over the business cycle. A significant increase in the 
size of the DNB Group’s impairments, or write-offs of loans and guarantees not covered by impairments, would 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Oil-related exposures 
As at 31 December 2021, the DNB Group’s oil, gas and offshore portfolios together represented approximately 
4.3 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions). Oil prices were highly volatile in 2020 and 
2021, driven by uncertain supply dynamics between members of OPEC and certain non-OPEC oil-producing 
countries, as well as the decrease in global demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. See “—The 
consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and may continue 
to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group” above. Increasing oil and gas prices, combined with improved 
macroeconomic prospects throughout 2021, enabled restructuring for customers and the reversal of impairment 
provisions. Although crude oil prices have been increasing due to OPEC production agreements, economic 
recovery and as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there can be no assurance that prices will not 
decrease again or remain volatile, particularly if production output levels are further modified or the agreement 
on production output levels is not maintained or demand decreases. Developments in oil prices will continue to 
impact the oil-related industry, and reduced oil prices (and forecasts) could result in a material adverse effect on 
the cash flows of the companies operating in this industry, leading to a potentially significant impact on oil, gas 
and offshore companies’ profitability, and consequently on their respective credit quality. This could, in turn, lead 
to an increase in impairments on losses experienced by the DNB Group on its loan portfolio. See “Selected 
Statistical Data” for a discussion of the effect of COVID-19 on oil prices.

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
The real estate market 
The DNB Group provides mortgage lending both in the retail and corporate markets. As of 31 December 2021, 
the DNB Group’s loans and commitments within real estate (commercial) represented 10.0 per cent. of total 
exposure at default. There were some impairment provisions in the personal customers segment, mainly due to an 
increase in impairment provisions in stage 3, offset by reversals in stages 1 and 2. There were reversals in the 
commercial real estate segment across all three stages. Further, exposure at default for loans and financial 
commitments to personal customers amounted to NOK 1,105.6 billion as of 31 December 2021 (of which NOK 
980.0 billion represent mortgage loans), representing 52.7 per cent. of total exposure at default. Accordingly, a 
decline in the value of real estate, whether as a result of developments in the broader economy and/or a reduction 
in the availability of credit or otherwise, could reduce the value of the collateral for these loans significantly and, 
if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse 
effect on the quality of the DNB Group’s real estate loans. Specifically, the commercial real estate market, 
particularly the hotel industry, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. If the pandemic 
continues and measures to contain it are reinstated, this will have a further adverse impact on the hotel, travel and 
restaurant segments. A general decline in the Norwegian economy could result in bankruptcies and lay-offs, which 
in turn could in turn lead to a material increase in impairments recorded by the DNB Group on its loan portfolio 
within this sector. See “Selected Statistical Data.” 
The shipping industry 
As of 31 December 2021, loans to customers in the shipping sector represented approximately 2.1 per cent. of 
total exposure at default for the DNB Group. The impairment reversals in stages 1 and 2 in 2021 were due to an 
improved macroeconomic outlook and enhanced credit quality, while stage 3 saw improved credit quality for 
specific customers. The DNB Group is a leading arranger of finance as well as supplier of credit to the shipping 
industry. The shipping industry is driven, among other things, by world economic growth and growth in 
international trade. A downturn in the global economy has historically negatively impacted world trade, and this 
in turn resulted in a decrease in freight volumes and rates in the shipping industry, and a corresponding decrease 
in the revenues and values that serve as collateral for lenders in the shipping industry. Any of these adverse effects 
could have a significant impact on shipping companies’ profitability and consequently on their credit quality, and, 
as a result, lead to an increase in impairments and losses experienced by the DNB Group on its loan portfolio 
within this sector. See “Selected Statistical Data—” for further detail on the DNB Group’s impairments and loan 
losses. Though the DNB Group bases its internal credit analysis of the shipping industry on conservative expected 
rate estimates, actual rates for the DNB Group’s shipping segments have historically been volatile and could be 
lower than expected. Due to the nature of the supply side the shipping sector is generally cyclical and consists of 
several sub-segments, currently at different places in the cycle. See “Selected Statistical Data”. 
Counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate customers. 
Many of these transactions expose the DNB Group to the risk that its counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest 
rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract will default on its obligations prior to maturity when the 
DNB Group has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. This counterparty risk may also be exacerbated 
when the collateral held by the DNB Group cannot be realised, or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the 
full amount of counterparty exposure. As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including 
foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, the DNB Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. 
Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty or after 
the DNB Group has given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before 
receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable 
to the transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected 
by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the relevant countries. Any of the foregoing 
could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
The DNB Group is exposed to sectoral and individual borrower credit concentration risks. 
The DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain sectors, with the largest sector being personal customers 
(primarily residential mortgages), followed to a lesser extent by commercial real estate, oil, gas and offshore and 
shipping. In the event that any of these sectors experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, 
it could have a material impact on the DNB Group’s asset quality and results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. Total impairments for the DNB Group amounted to net reversals of NOK 868 million as of 31 
December 2021, of which impairments related to exposures within oil, gas and offshore amounted to net reversals 
of NOK 323 million. The net reversals in stages 1 and 2 in the oil, gas and offshore segment were primarily due 
to reduced underlying risk. There were also some reversals in stage 3 in the oil, gas and offshore segment relating 
to specific customers within the oil and gas industries, offset by increased impairment provisions within the 
offshore industries. Despite net reversals within the oil, gas and offshore segment, the situation within offshore 
(rig and supply), remains highly challenging with continued over-supply of drilling rigs, supply vessels and similar 
assets.  
In addition, the DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain individual borrowers. In the event that any 
of these borrowers experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it could have a material 
impact on the DNB Group’s results of operations.  
Risks Related to Market Exposure 
The DNB Group’s business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect the DNB Group’s lending and deposit spreads. The 
DNB Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on deposits or its wholesale 
funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other banks. Although both the 
interest rates payable by DNB Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates that it is able to charge on loans to 
customers and credit institutions, are in each case mainly floating rates or swapped into floating rates, there is a 
risk that the DNB Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate assets and liabilities at the same time, giving 
rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. As applicable interest rates on deposits are close to zero, it 
may not be possible in the future to offset in full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a 
corresponding decrease in interest rates on deposits. The DNB Group is also subject to intense competition for 
customer deposits and the current low interest rate environment puts pressure on the DNB Group’s deposit 
spreads. The DNB Group may not be able to lower its funding costs, whether relating to deposits or wholesale 
funding, in line with decreases in interest rates on its interest-bearing assets. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the DNB Group’s control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. These 
conditions are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty as a result of the continued impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic and governmental measures implemented to mitigate its adverse economic and monetary effects, 
both at national levels and with respect to regional or multilateral coordination. As of the date of this prospectus, 
the key policy rate is at 0.5 per cent. Norges Bank forecasts five additional rate hikes of 25 basis points each 
before the end of 2024.  
An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in defaults by 
the DNB Group’s customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely affect the DNB 
Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit-
taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in the interest rates 
could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the DNB 
Group.  
Although the DNB Group regularly measures and monitors these and other market risks, it is difficult to predict 
changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the DNB

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
Group’s financial performance and results of operations. While the DNB Group undertakes hedging operations in 
order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge all its risk exposure and there can be no assurance 
that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the DNB Group is unable to adjust the interest rate payable on 
deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it on loans, or if the DNB Group’s 
monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate risk, its interest income could rise less or 
decline more than its interest expense, in which case the DNB Group’s results of operations and financial condition 
or prospects could be negatively affected. 
The DNB Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk and the risk of devaluation or depreciation of any 
of the currencies in which it operates. 
Changes in exchange rates, particularly in the NOK-USD and NOK-EUR exchange rates, affect the value of assets 
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and may affect income from foreign exchange lending and 
trading. As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the significant decrease in oil prices in the first half of 
2020, the NOK weakened significantly against the USD, EUR and other currencies. Since then, exchange rates 
have returned to more normal levels.  
In 2021, the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 8.5991 and 10.1648, respectively. The end of year 
USD/NOK rate was 8.7803 for 2019, 8.5326 for 2020 and 8.8194 for 2021. The end of year EUR/NOK rate was 
9.8638 for 2019, 10.4703 for 2020 and 10.0085 for 2021.  
In 2021, the positive impact of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 Capital totalled NOK 487 million, compared 
with positive effects of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 Capital totalling NOK 855 million for 2020. The DNB 
Group’s reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner. However, a substantial portion of its assets and liabilities 
are denominated in currencies other than the Norwegian kroner, giving rise to translation risk. Balance sheet items, 
including monetary assets and liabilities, of foreign branches and subsidiaries in currencies other than the NOK 
are translated into Norwegian kroner according to exchange rates prevailing on the balance sheet date, while profit 
and loss items are translated according to exchanges rates on the transaction date. Changes in net assets resulting 
from exchange rate movements are recognised in the income statement. A devaluation or depreciation of any such 
other currency in which the DNB Group operates or in which it has credit exposures may result in significant 
losses for the DNB Group. In addition, a depreciation of the NOK against other currencies in which loans are 
made to customers would result in an increase in the DNB Group’s loan portfolio, which would result in an 
increase in risk-weighted assets and have a negative impact on capital ratios. The DNB Group seeks to hedge 
foreign exchange risk by trying to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund 
them. However, there can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be effective in part or in full, and 
hedge counterparties are subject to credit risk.  
The DNB Group is exposed to market risk. 
Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities, and risk which arises as part of 
banking activities, life insurance activities and other business operations. Trading activities in the Bank mainly 
include market making operations, facilitation of corporate financing, customer risk advisory services and 
proprietary trading. Market risk in banking activities can be broadly divided into risk related to the management 
of equity investments and risk stemming from the DNB Group’s Treasury function, which arises from funding 
activities, liquidity management, as well as asset and liability management.  
The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, credit spread risk arising in the bond portfolios and 
basis swap spread risk from the hedging of currency risk in connection with funding in foreign currencies. The 
fair value of financial instruments held by the DNB Group, including bonds (government, corporate and 
mortgage), equities, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, commodities 
and derivatives (including credit derivatives), is sensitive to volatility of and correlations between various market 
variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent that 
volatile market conditions occur, the fair value of the DNB Group’s bond, equity and derivative portfolios, as well 
as other classes of assets, could decrease, and therefore cause the DNB Group to record mark-to-market losses.

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
Future valuations of the assets for which the DNB Group has already recorded or estimated mark-to-market losses, 
which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of 
these assets. Further, certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined by using 
financial models incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimations that are inherently uncertain and which 
may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the DNB Group to 
recognise further mark-to-market losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the DNB Group’s trading and investment income 
depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result in a 
significant decline in the DNB Group’s trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss, which in turn 
could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, due to continued illiquid markets for certain asset classes, the fair value of certain of the DNB Group’s 
exposures could prove difficult to estimate. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing market 
conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of the DNB Group’s exposure, even in respect of 
exposures such as credit market exposures, for which the DNB Group has previously recorded valuation losses. 
In addition, the values of financial instruments are subject to uncertainty as they are based on estimates, 
assumptions and available information. As a result, estimates of fair value may differ materially both from 
estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have been used if a market for these 
assets had been readily available. Thus, the value ultimately realised by the DNB Group may be materially 
different from the current or estimated fair value. Any such difference could have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition and/or liquidity of the DNB Group. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations―Significant Factors Affecting the DNB Group’s Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations―Macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic” for further discussion on the 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the DNB Group’s financial condition in 2020.  
The DNB Group uses fair value hedging to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. In dislocated 
markets, hedging and other risk management strategies have proven not to be as effective as they are under normal 
market conditions due in part to the decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties. Any deterioration in 
financial market conditions could lead to impairment charges and further mark-downs, and an illiquid market for 
financial instruments could cause spreads to widen, adversely affecting the pricing of financial instruments. 
In addition, the DNB Group’s operations outside the Nordic markets (e.g., India and China) present various 
emerging market risks that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. In 
particular, the DNB Group faces increased economic and political risk, including economic volatility, recession, 
inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as increased risk of civil 
unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to specific countries, expropriation, 
nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or tax 
policy. Any of the foregoing changes in economic or market conditions could materially adversely affect the DNB 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Risks Related to Liquidity and Funding 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the DNB Group’s operations; this risk may be exacerbated by current 
conditions in the global financial markets. 
The DNB Group is dependent on access to sufficient liquidity on acceptable terms in order to be able to meet its 
obligations as they fall due. This liquidity risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number 
of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on wholesale funding, changes in credit ratings or market-
wide phenomena such as market dislocation. 
The DNB Group is dependent on sufficient funding in order to carry out its lending business. The Bank’s funding 
requirements are, as for most commercial banks, largely covered through customer deposits. The DNB Group’s 
ratio of deposits to net loans (excluding short term money market deposits, and DNB Livsforsikring’s portfolio 
from 2021) was 74.2 per cent. at 31 December 2021 and 67.3 per cent. at 31 December 2020 and 57.5 per cent. at

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
31 December 2019. The ratio of deposits to net loans in the Bank was 71.5 per cent. at 31 December 2021 and 
65.3 per cent. at 31 December 2020 and 58.2 per cent. at 31 December 2019, reflecting the fact that all loans held 
by DNB Boligkreditt were funded by covered bonds. Deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors 
outside the DNB Group’s control, such as competitive pressures, loss of customer confidence, depositors’ 
concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry or the DNB Group specifically, ratings 
downgrades, further deterioration in economic conditions and the existence and extent of deposit guarantees 
which, under Norwegian law, currently apply to deposits up to NOK 2 million. The Norwegian government has 
stated that it will try to maintain the limit of NOK 2 million and is still in discussions with the EU in this regard. 
Any future decrease in the deposit guarantee limit following these discussions may have an adverse effect on the 
availability of deposits in the Norwegian banking sector, including for the Bank. Any of these factors on their 
own or in combination could lead to a reduction in the DNB Group’s ability to access customer deposit funding 
on acceptable terms in the future and to sustained deposit outflows within a short period of time, both of which 
would have a negative impact on the DNB Group’s ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity 
requirements. In addition, any uncertainty regarding the DNB Group’s financial position may lead to withdrawals 
of deposits, resulting in a funding deficit for the DNB Group.  
A substantial part of the DNB Group’s liquidity and funding requirements is also met through ongoing access to 
wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as covered bonds. The 
volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during periods of reduced 
liquidity. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity 
risk can cause significant damage to the institution. While central banks in Europe, including in Norway and North 
America, have maintained accommodative monetary policies to mitigate adverse effects of high volatility in the 
financial markets and of weak economic conditions in 2020 and 2021, there can be no assurance that such 
monetary policies will continue and that unwinding of such policies – which have commenced in the United States 
in early 2022 and are expected in other markets relevant to the DNB Group, including the European Union - will 
not have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s access to wholesale lending markets or the pricing of such 
funding. 
The DNB Group’s liquidity could also be impaired by an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, other 
outflows of cash or deterioration in the value of its collateral. These situations may arise due to circumstances that 
the DNB Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss in confidence in financial 
markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market participants, credit rating downgrades or 
operational problems that affect third parties. Although the DNB Group expends significant effort in liquidity risk 
management and focuses on maintaining liquidity surplus in the short term, the DNB Group is exposed to the 
general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the procedures in place to manage such risks will be 
suitable to eliminate liquidity risk. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect 
the DNB Group’s liquidity, its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and the 
willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the DNB Group, and the inability of the 
DNB Group to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have a 
material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Group’s funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit 
ratings.  
The DNB Group’s credit ratings are important to its business. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is rated 
“Aa2” (stable outlook) by Moody’s, “AA-” (negative outlook) by S&P and “AA (low) (stable outlook)” by DBRS 
(unsolicited).  
The DNB Group’s business is also significantly affected by the credit rating of DNB Boligkreditt AS 
(“Boligkreditt”). As of the date of this Prospectus, Boligkreditt’s outstanding covered bonds were rated “Aaa” 
by Moody’s and “AAA” by S&P. There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will not downgrade the 
ratings of the Bank or the ratings of the Bank’s or Boligkreditt’s debt instruments (including the Program and 
Notes issued under the Program) either as a result of the DNB Group’s or Boligkreditt’s financial position or 
changes to applicable rating methodologies used by Moody’s and S&P and any other relevant rating agency. A

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
rating agency’s evaluation of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt may also be based on a number of factors not entirely 
within the control of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry 
generally. Any reduction in the Bank’s credit ratings or the ratings of its or Boligkreditt’s debt instruments, 
including on an unsolicited basis, could adversely affect the DNB Group’s liquidity and competitive position, 
undermine confidence in the DNB Group, increase its borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or 
limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with it. Such development could have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
Other Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Business 
The DNB Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base. 
The DNB Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain its customer base and to offer its customers a wide 
range of high quality and competitive products and consistently high levels of service, delivered through channels 
acceptable to its customers. The DNB Group has sought to achieve this objective by segmenting its branch 
networks to better serve the diverse needs of each industry segment through, among other things, cross-selling the 
products and services of the DNB Group’s subsidiaries through its marketing and distribution networks, and 
investing in digital delivery channels while closing little-used branches. Any failure to maintain the DNB Group’s 
customer base or to offer the DNB Group’s customers a wide range of high quality and competitive products or 
consistently high levels of service and competitive delivery channels could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group’s results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  
The DNB Group is exposed to systemic risk. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the DNB Group is and will continue to be 
subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other 
financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to defaults 
by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the 
perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity 
problems and losses or defaults by the DNB Group or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as 
“systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the DNB Group interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.  
The DNB Group is exposed to operational risks, including network interruptions and other failures or 
inadequacies in risk management and internal control procedures. 
The DNB Group’s business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently 
and accurately. Operations are carried out through a number of entities and also through internet banking 
platforms. Internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its customers shift away from branch 
operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile banking. Increased digitalisation increases 
the risk of operational disruptions and cybercrime, which can pose a threat to financial stability.  
Operational risk and losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, increasing regulatory scrutiny, 
costs and direct and indirect financial losses and/or impairments, can result from a variety of causes, including 
inadequacies or failures in internal processes, systems (e.g., information technology systems) or licences from 
external suppliers; fraud or other criminal actions, including identity fraud; employee errors; failure of outsourced 
services; failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-
operation partners and other third parties, or failure to obtain or maintain proper authorisation; customer 
complaints; failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not limited to anti-money laundering, 
data protection and antitrust regulations, or conduct of business rules; equipment failures; failure to protect the

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
DNB Group’s assets, including intellectual property rights and collateral; natural disasters or the failure of external 
systems, including those of the DNB Group’s suppliers or counterparties; and failure to fulfil the DNB Group’s 
obligations, contractual or otherwise. See “—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which 
the DNB Group Operates—The DNB Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities 
and sanctions violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort” and “—Legal and regulatory 
claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Group’s business” for further detail on these risks. In particular, the DNB 
Group and its customers have recently been, and may continue to be, affected by a number of serious network 
problems, including interruptions in network availability, which have adversely affected certain of the DNB 
Group’s internet and mobile banking functions, resulting in intermittent service interruptions and adverse media 
coverage. See also “—The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may 
fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available” for further detail on these risks. 
Although the DNB Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation precautions to address the 
abovementioned risks, among others, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and 
to staff training, it is not possible to implement procedures which are fully effective in controlling operational 
risks. Some of the risk mitigating measures that the DNB Group uses are based on historical information and its 
current policies may not comprehensively address the full impact of the global financial crisis or other unforeseen 
circumstances. As future developments may significantly differ from observed historical developments, there is a 
risk that such measures will be inadequate in predicting future risk exposure. Furthermore, risk management 
methods rely on estimates, assumptions and available information that may be incorrect or outdated. Any failure 
to successfully execute the DNB Group’s operational risk management and control policies could have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may not be 
adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and communication 
technology (“ICT”) systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards greater 
reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones. As noted above, 
internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its customers shift away from branch operations 
and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile banking. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of 
problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, 
physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses. For example, the DNB Group experienced a serious 
IT operational incident on 11 September 2018, due to an overload in a single system triggered by an operation 
initiated by a customer. Due to a software error on the mainframe, the overload had consequences for several of 
the Bank’s central customer solutions and internal systems for a period of two and a half hours. Further incidents 
of instability of ICT systems or network unavailability could have an adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business. 
In addition, harmonising ICT systems across the DNB Group to create a consistent ICT architecture poses 
significant challenges. 
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements and to 
keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance on information 
and communication technology more broadly. The DNB Group may not be able to implement necessary upgrades 
on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a 
result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading 
its ICT systems, the DNB Group could face fines from bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply 
with applicable banking or reporting regulations, including data protection regulations.  
The DNB Group maintains back-up systems for its operations, with one of those back-up systems being located 
in Norway outside of its premises. However, there are limited scenarios, for example in the event of a major 
catastrophe resulting in the failure of its information systems, where the DNB Group could lose certain recently 
entered data with regard to its Norwegian operations or could lose more significant portions of data with regard 
to its international operations.

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
The DNB Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. 
Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant outsourcing 
contract, the DNB Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems compromised. In particular, the 
DNB Group and its customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by network problems, which 
relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the future certain of the DNB Group’s 
internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting in service interruptions and adverse media coverage. A 
major disruption to the DNB Group’s ICT systems, whether under the scenarios outlined above or under other 
scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the normal operation of the DNB Group’s business and thus on 
its financial condition and results of operations. 
Cybercrime. 
Similar to all major financial institutions, the DNB Group’s activities have been, and are expected to continue to 
be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks, phishing, ransomware attacks and 
denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to 
the DNB Group’s internet bank users and include potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive 
customer information, including internet bank credentials as well as account and credit card information. The 
DNB Group has made investments to address threats from cyber-attacks; however, there can be no assurance that 
these investments will be successful in part or in full, or without significant additional expenditures. The DNB 
Group may experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which 
could in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the DNB Group, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse 
effect on the DNB Group’s business, reputation and results of operations. 
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have a 
negative effect on the DNB Group’s business. 
The DNB Group faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, corporate and 
retail banking, investment banking and real estate brokering), both in Norway and the international markets in 
which it operates. Competition for customer lending and deposits is affected by customer demand, technological 
changes, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory actions and other factors. The DNB 
Group’s competitors are principally commercial and investment banks. Remaining competitive is also dependent 
on the DNB Group’s ability to anticipate and respond to rapid technological changes and evolving industry 
standards, and to allocate resources to the development of products and services that can be successfully marketed 
to customers. There can be no guarantee that the DNB Group will be able to anticipate and respond to 
technological changes or to successfully introduce new products and services in line with on-going market trends 
and customer demands. The recurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, as 
during such crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks organised in 
their jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength of the banks in 
question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and intensify the competition faced 
by the DNB Group. Competition has further increased with the emergence of additional distribution channels such 
as internet and mobile telephone banking, digital banking and payment platforms.  
In addition, the spread of COVID-19 has resulted in substantial fluctuations in the global markets. High levels of 
uncertainty have coincided with lower or negative growth and tighter financial conditions. If the DNB Group is 
unable to provide competitive product and service offerings and successfully respond to technological 
developments, it may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its 
interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the DNB 
Group believes that it is in a strong position to continue to compete in the markets in which it operates, there can 
be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so.

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
The DNB Group could fail to attract or retain suitably qualified senior management or other key 
employees. 
The DNB Group’s performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the DNB Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy depends 
on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition from within the 
financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from businesses outside the 
financial services industry for key employees is intense. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly 
to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future or the need to replace any 
senior management as a result of failures or perceived failures in management of the DNB Group could have an 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are exposed to significant risks, many of which are outside 
of DNB Livsforsikring's and the DNB Group's control. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary DNB 
Livsforsikring AS ("DNB Livsforsikring"). DNB Livsforsikring offers life and pension insurance, unit-linked 
insurance and non-life insurance. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are subject to financial risks and insurance risks, as well as general 
operational risks and business risks. Financial risk comprises both credit risk (the risk that the return on financial 
assets will not be sufficient to meet DNB Livsforsikring's contractual obligations) and market risk (the risk that 
the underlying value of financial assets may fluctuate as a result of changes in market conditions). Insurance risk 
relates to changes in future insurance payments, mainly due to changes in life expectancy and disability rates. 
The insurance risk in DNB Livsforsikring is in varying degrees divided between policyholders and the company. 
Insurance risk arises when empirical data for mortality, disability and exit risk deviate from the assumptions 
underlying the calculation base for insurance premiums and provisions. When these assumptions overstate DNB 
Livsforsikring's contractual obligations, thereby generating a surplus, the surplus can be allocated to DNB 
Livsforsikring's risk equalisation fund. The risk equalisation fund cannot exceed 150 per cent. of DNB 
Livsforsikring's total risk premiums for each fiscal year. When these assumptions understate DNB Livsforsikring's 
contractual obligations, thereby generating a deficit, the risk equalisation fund can be used. The risk equalisation 
fund does not apply to insurance contracts with a maximum term of one year, disability pensions and dependent’s 
pensions with no accrued entitlement or individual contracts sold prior to 1 January 2008. 
DNB Livsforsikring carries the risk of fulfilling its commitments in contracts with policyholders. Technical 
provisions related to guaranteed benefits have annuities with a fixed technical rate. The return on assets backing 
liabilities must be sufficient to meet the technical rate on a yearly basis. Otherwise, inadequate returns will have 
to be covered by DNB Livsforsikring by applying unrealised gains fund, additional allocations, equity or 
subordinated loan capital. Measured in relation to customer funds, DNB Livsforsikring’s average technical rate 
on annuities was 3.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
Unpredictable events, such as natural disasters, industrial explosions, terrorist attacks, and similar events may 
cause an unexpected and substantial increase in insurance claims under policies written by DNB Livsforsikring 
which may in turn cause it to incur substantial losses.  
DNB Livsforsikring is exposed to the risk of a material decrease in the availability and amount of reinsurance and 
a material increase in the cost of reinsurance. Furthermore, DNB Livsforsikring is subject to credit risk in relation 
to its current and future reinsurers as the insolvency or inability of reinsurers to meet their financial obligations 
could have an adversely effect on DNB Livsforsikring's business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. There is also a risk that DNB Livsforsikring's reinsurance agreements may not be renewed, or renewed 
at less favourable terms.

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
Failure to maintain existing governmental licenses, permissions and authorizations, or failure to obtain or renew 
any required licenses, permissions and authorizations in the future, could result in DNB Livsforsikring not being 
able to conduct its business operations. Furthermore, the realisation of any of the foregoing risks and/or any 
disruption to the business operations of DNB Livsforsikring could materially adversely affect DNB Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are exposed to significant risks. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary DNB 
Asset Management AS ("DNB Asset Management"). As of 31 December 2021, DNB Asset Management 
manages more than EUR 70 billion in investment strategies including discretionary mandates within Nordic and 
global asset classes, both long-only equities, long/short equities, investment grade and high yield corporate bonds, 
multi-assets, multi-manager portfolios and alternative investments.  
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are subject to several risks, particularly financial risks and 
operational risks. There is a risk that the portfolio management services and the investment advisory services 
provided to DNB Asset Management's customers will not be successful, which could result in DNB Asset 
Management’s customers losing all or parts of their initial investment. Such a scenario can result in financial 
losses, loss in reputation and potential litigation for DNB Asset Management. Furthermore, the funds operated by 
DNB Asset Management cover a wide range of sectors and markets which can be highly volatile, and any changes 
in international, national or local economic, political and other conditions may adversely affect its portfolio 
management services and investment advisory services. For more information, please see “—Negative economic 
developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group operates may adversely affect 
the DNB Group’s business and results of operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist 
or recur.” 
DNB Asset Management's investments, all of which are made on behalf of securities funds and discretionary 
portfolios managed by DNB Asset Management, are subject to interest rate risk and currency risk. If the values 
of DNB Asset Management's fixed income securities vary inversely with changes in interest rates, DNB Asset 
Management's cash flow, the fair value of its investments and its operating results could decrease. In addition, 
currency risk could cause the value of DNB Asset Management's investments in currencies other than NOK to 
decrease regardless of the inherent value of the underlying investments.  
The utilisation of hedging and risk management transactions may not be successful, which could subject DNB 
Asset Management's investment portfolio to increased risk or lower returns on its investments and in turn cause a 
decrease in the fair value of its assets. As stated above, all of DNB Asset Management's investments are made on 
behalf of securities funds and discretionary portfolios managed by DNB Asset Management. 
If any of DNB Asset Management's permits or licenses expire or are withdrawn, such as its UCITS and MiFID II 
licenses, DNB Asset Management may lose its ability to carry out its fund and portfolio management and 
investment advisory services which would likely have a material adverse effect on its business.  
Any misconduct by employees of DNB Asset Management or at the companies in which DNB Asset Management 
has invested could harm DNB Asset Management by impairing its ability to attract and retain customers and 
subjecting it to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Further, any failure by DNB Asset Management 
to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in its portfolio management and investment advisory services could 
damage its reputation and adversely affect its business. 
The realisation of any of the foregoing risks and/or any disruption to the business operations of DNB Asset 
Management could materially adversely affect DNB Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition 
or prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
Risks related to climate change. 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are becoming ever more apparent and have the potential to 
pose a significant threat to the DNB Group’s business without a coordinated and timely response from 
governments and other stakeholders. 
Climate change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing scrutiny by governments, 
regulators and the public alike. These include physical risks resulting from changing climate and weather patterns 
and extreme weather-related events, as well as transition risks resulting from the process of adjustment towards a 
lower carbon economy. Both transition risk and physical risk can have significant financial consequences, which 
can affect financial institutions, for example through loan defaults, investment losses and higher insurance 
settlements. In the short to medium term, transition risk is more significant than physical risk for the DNB Group.  
Governments and regulators may introduce increasingly stringent rules and policies designed to achieve targeted 
outcomes, which could increase compliance costs for the DNB Group, drive asset impairments and result in 
regulatory fines or other action if the DNB Group is unable to implement adequate reforms sufficiently quickly. 
How the DNB Group assesses and responds to these developments and challenges could increase the DNB 
Group’s costs of business, and a failure to identify and adapt the DNB Group’s business to meet new rules or 
evolving expectations, or any perception that the DNB Group is under-performing relative to its peers or failing 
to meet the objectives under its sustainable strategy, could result in reputational damage and/or risk of legal claims. 
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates 
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy regulation, and 
the regulatory framework is subject to change.  
The DNB Group’s business is subject to on-going regulatory and associated risks. The DNB Group is subject to 
financial services laws and regulation (including, but not limited to, those relating to capital adequacy, conduct of 
business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, reporting, and corporate governance), as well as 
administrative actions and policies in Norway and in each other jurisdiction in which the DNB Group carries on 
business. The Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (“NFSA”) is the DNB Group’s primary regulator, 
although DNB Group is also subject to the supervision of regulators in each country where it has a subsidiary, 
branch and/or representative office. 
The DNB Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in accordance with 
Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations. See “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital and Capital Adequacy—Existing 
Regulation”. Any increase in the DNB Group’s risk-weighted assets due to, among other things, a reduction in 
the internal credit ratings of borrowers, market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in foreign exchange 
rates, decreases in collateral values, or further deterioration in the economic environment, could reduce the DNB 
Group’s capital adequacy ratios. If the DNB Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios 
for any reason (including due to a change in the regulatory capital framework, as described below), it may have 
to reduce its lending or investments in other operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or prospects, or, in more severe circumstances, 
require the DNB Group to raise further capital. 
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could materially affect 
the DNB Group’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Areas where changes or 
developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but are not limited to (i) 
general changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence investment 
decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordic markets and other European markets, and such 
other markets where the DNB Group carries out its business, (ii) changes in the capital adequacy framework and 
imposition of onerous compliance obligations, (iii) changes in competition and pricing environments, (iv) 
differentiation among financial institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees of

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
customer deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, and (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation 
of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership, producing legal uncertainty, which in turn may 
affect demand for the DNB Group’s products and services.  
The Norwegian government and regulatory authorities may also impose measures on economic actors and 
financial institutions in Norway intended to address any future consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
may limit the DNB Group's operations or impose obligations that could have an impact on its business and results 
of operations. For example, the authorities may re-impose restrictions on dividend distributions. See 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations―Capital and Capital 
Adequacy—Capitalisation Policy”. Further government and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 outbreak may 
have a material impact on the banking sector in Norway. 
Home Mortgage and Consumer Loan Regulation 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, together 
governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint loan regulation that will, unless extended or 
cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The regulation sets forth certain restrictions and requirements on 
lending to personal customers, including total debt serving capacity, leverage ratio, loan to value and amortization, 
which limit banks’ discretion in lending decision. Tighter regulation of lending practices by banks could lead to 
the provision of credit from new sources or in new forms that are not covered by the regulation, thus increasing 
competition in the mortgage market. Increased competition may cause the DNB Group to fail to attract new 
customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission 
income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and result of operations. See “Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Group’s 
Business—Competition in Norway and in international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have a 
negative effect on the DNB Group’s business”. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – CRR Quick Fix 
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced the adoption, by way of Regulation (EU) 2020/873, which further 
amended the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the “CRR”), of exceptional rules to facilitate 
bank lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in recovering from the COVID-19 crisis. 
The Regulation entered into force on 27 June 2020. The amendments to CRR, commonly referred to as the “CRR 
Quick Fix” package, include, among other things, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are 
required to hold for non-performing loans (NPL) under the "prudential backstop", the extension by two years of 
transitional arrangements related to the implementation of the international accounting standard IFRS 9, additional 
flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects of the extreme market volatility observed during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of some capital relief measure for banks under CRR 2.  
On 11 June 2021, the CRR Quick Fix package was adopted in Norway as part of the implementation of CRDV, 
CRR 2 and BRRD2. These amendments have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries 
in the European Economic Area. It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 2022. 
Although the CRR Quick Fix package is expected to only have minor impacts on the DNB Group’s CET1 ratio, 
delayed implementation of the CRR Quick Fix package in Norway may reduce the DNB Group’s relative 
competitiveness compared to financial institutions within the European Union, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements Pillar 1 Minimum Capital Requirements 
and buffer requirements 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in recent 
years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. Among 
such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
“Basel Committee”) and implemented by the European Union through CRD IV and CRR (each as defined below). 
For further information on these measures, see “Supervision and Regulation—Capital Requirements”. 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Prospectus consist of two pillars. 
Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As per the provisions 
of the Financial Institutions Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk exposed assets 
(“REAs”), within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must 
be tier 1 capital. 
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met by 
Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of REAs, (ii) a systemic risk buffer 
of 4.5 per cent. of REAs (on Norwegian exposures as further described below) and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer 
of 1 per cent. of REAs (on Norwegian exposures, further described below). In addition, financial institutions 
(including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian authorities have designated as 
systemically important must also comply with a buffer for systemically important financial institutions of 2 per 
cent. of REAs in order to mitigate systemic risk.  
The DNB Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rates are calculated as the weighted average 
of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which 
the DNB Group has exposures have either set the requirement lower than the buffers in Norway or have not 
imposed any such requirement, the DNB Group’s effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rate are 
approximately 3.2 per cent. and 0.8 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2021. The buffer requirements may 
change over time, including as discussed further in the section titled “Supervision and Regulation”. 
Implementation of any changes that impose more stringent requirements could lead to increased funding costs for 
the DNB Group.  
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes requirements 
relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has introduced a LCR 
requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited size of the domestic capital 
market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, the minimum LCR for NOK is 
reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a 
result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid 
assets, which may have an adverse effect on their results of operations or financial condition.  
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or 
“BRRD”, which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as amended from time to time, 
including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (“BRRD2”) entered into force. The BRRD is designed 
to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or 
failing relevant entity (“relevant entities” being credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions 
and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial 
system. The BRRD was incorporated in the EEA Agreement on 9 February 2018. Legislation implementing the 
BRRD (in its original form) in Norway was passed by the Norwegian government in March 2018 and entered into 
force on 1 January 2019.  
BRRD was designed to provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing bank (or other in-scope institution). As further described under “—Risks 
Related to the Notes —Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect the 
value of the Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes” below, the resolution authorities have

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
extensive powers under BRRD (and local implementing legislation) to assist a failing bank, including through 
various resolution tools and powers. BRRD has been implemented in Norway as of 1 January 2019. If any action 
were to be taken by the Norwegian resolution authorities in respect of the Issuer or its group, such action could 
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its payment or other obligations in respect of 
Notes issued under the Program. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD there is a requirement for EU financial 
institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be 
available to be written down or bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. In Norway, 
the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. The DNB Group is, based on the future expected CET1 requirement 
of 17.6 per cent., required to hold total MREL capital equal to approximately 37 per cent. of RWAs (adjusted for 
RWAs stemming from DNB Boligkreditt AS as the covered bond entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible 
debt of approximately EUR 14 billion. Out of this, approximately EUR 7 billion will need to be issued in the form 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, while the remaining part can be issued in the form of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior preferred debt issued by the Bank with a minimum remaining tenor of one year will continue to qualify as 
MREL capital until 1 January 2024.  
New Personal Data Act  
The Personal Data Act, which implements the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Norway, entered 
into force on 20 July 2018. The GDPR and its implementation has resulted in new demands on the DNB Group’s 
operational processes, systems and resources as well as increased compliance costs related to the new regulatory 
requirements. While the DNB Group continuously works to adapt its systems and processes to meet these 
regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such systems and processes will prevent all breaches. Any 
such breaches may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. Breaches of the GDPR can cause significant reputational damage and could also lead to claims 
against companies and individuals for negligence and/or wrongful acts. In addition, the reputational damage could 
impact the DNB Group’s ability to attract new customers, future investment and new employees. 
New guidelines on IRB models 
On 9 June 2021, the NFSA published a circular (3/2021) that is intended to guide banks on the NFSA’s practice 
for approval and supervision of internal ratings-based (“IRB”) models. The DNB Group’s assessment is that the 
circular does not imply a significant immediate change to the DNB Group’s current regulatory capital adequacy 
or capital requirement. Nevertheless, the circular contains several deviations from the current EU regulations that 
have the potential to result in more conservative risk weights and capital requirements. Such changes may have a 
significant impact over time as the NFSA starts to incorporate these guidelines in its supervision. 
In particular, the circular highlights the NFSA’s view on the calculation of the effective maturity parameter (M), 
which is used, among other things, in the risk weight calculation for the financing of commercial property. The 
NFSA’s concern is that this parameter may, under certain circumstances, in addition to the contractual maturity, 
reflect potential refinancing risk. The NFSA is of the view that that the actual maturity of a loan could exceed the 
original contractual agreement in certain cases, and the NFSA therefore expects banks to include this interpretation 
when calculating the M parameter. The NFSA points out that unless this is accounted for in the M parameter in 
regular capital adequacy reporting, it shall be assessed as part of the Pillar 2 process. Following a request from 
Finance Norway, which pointed out that the circular is not in accordance with applicable EU 
directives/regulations, the Ministry of Finance made clear in a letter to the NFSA dated 13 January 2022 that any 
decisions based on the circular would need to be based on the Norwegian act or regulation implementing the 
applicable EU/EEC rules. Any change in the capital adequacy calculations or identified disparities between 
contractual maturity and actual maturity as defined by the NFSA could potentially adversely impact the DNB 
Group’s regulatory capital adequacy and capital requirements.

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
Governmental responses to the COVID-19 pandemic and to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have 
unintended consequences. 
The DNB Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to the COVID-19 pandemic and to market 
disruptions in the countries where it operates. As a result of the global financial crisis and subsequent government 
intervention, there has been, and there may continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses 
to market disruptions, including reductions in public spending and the imposition of fiscal austerity measures, and 
changes in monetary and interest rate policies. Likewise, as a response to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
governmental and regulatory measures may have unintended or unforeseen consequences on the markets in which 
the DNB Group operates.  
The DNB Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of fiscal 
legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European governments to stimulate the economy 
and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, bank bail-out plans and support to specific 
industry sectors, may, if enacted, lead to an increase in the tax burden or to a reduction in tax benefits. Significant 
changes in governmental policy responses in Norway or in the other countries where the DNB Group operates, or 
difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and effectiveness of the impact of such responses, 
may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, financial situation and operating results of the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions violations, 
especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort. 
The DNB Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist 
financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for bribery or money 
laundering has increased worldwide. High employee turnover, difficulties in consistently implementing related 
policies and technology systems and the general business conditions mean that the risk of money laundering and 
other financial crimes is higher in emerging markets. Although these risks are higher in emerging markets than in 
Norway and other more developed markets, they may also arise in any of the markets in which the DNB Group 
operates. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a 
significant financial burden on the DNB Group and pose significant technical problems. Currently more than 500 
people in the DNB Group are working to prevent financial crime but anti-money laundering efforts are a work in 
progress and the authorities’ requirements and expectations have become more stringent. There can be no 
assurance that DNB Group will at all times meet regulatory expectations in the implementation of its anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures and otherwise comply with relevant law and regulation.  
A number of money laundering cases were brought to light in 2018 in the Baltic region, where the Bank has 
historically been present and continues to be present through its 19.95 per cent. (as of 31 December 2021) 
ownership interest in Luminor. Over the past years, regulators have been particularly focused on anti-money 
laundering procedures and regulations, which continue to evolve. In 2016, a complaint was sent to the National 
Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime (the economic crime unit) 
stating that DNB ASA, the former holding company of the DNB Group, had helped transfer over $500,000 in 
Russian cash through accounts in Lithuania and Estonia. While the economic crime unit had investigated the 
transactions from 2007 to 2010, it decided not to pursue it further. The DNB Group, along with other Nordic 
banks, has attracted public attention and media coverage in connection with these money-laundering revelations, 
which continue to be investigated. Even if these allegations have not resulted in prosecutions of any member of 
the DNB Group, the DNB Group could face severe reputational damage. 
On 25 June 2019, the NFSA imposed a minor non-compliance penalty of NOK 300,000 on the Bank’s subsidiary 
DNB Næringsmegling AS (commercial real estate brokerage) following an on-site inspection of the company's 
compliance with the anti-money laundering regulations. No money laundering activities or attempted money 
laundering activities were found in the inspection but the NFSA found that the subsidiary’s procedures related to 
matters such as employee training and control routines were not adequate. Further, on 21 August 2019 the NFSA 
released a report where the Bank received some criticism related to weaknesses in the Bank’s risk assessment,

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
documentation of customer controls and the Bank’s system for the automatic detection of suspicious transactions. 
No money laundering activities or attempted money laundering activities have been discovered.  
On 12 November 2019, allegations were published in the Icelandic media relating to transfers of funds by an 
Icelandic fishery company using accounts held by its offshore affiliates at the Bank; such funds are alleged to 
have been used for corrupt payments by the Icelandic company to Namibian government officials. On 28 
November 2019, Norway’s economic crime unit announced that it would launch an investigation to look into the 
links between the Bank and the alleged payments by the Icelandic fishery company. The Bank has been informed 
that the investigation has not generated any information that gives grounds for criminal prosecution of individuals. 
Further, the public prosecutor is not of the view that a corporate penalty is applicable in this case. The case has 
therefore been dismissed. On 4 December 2020, the NFSA submitted a report from its inspection of the Bank’s 
compliance with anti-money laundering regulations in connection with the foregoing case. Most of the offenses 
identified by the NFSA in that report are time-barred or date to a period covered by the previously applicable anti-
money laundering act and therefore not subject to sanctions under current legislation.  
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published its final report and a separate resolution (both dated 
30 April 2021) related to this inspection, which confirmed that a fine of NOK 400 million is imposed on the Bank, 
as announced in the NFSA’s preliminary report relating to the inspection received by the Bank on 7 December 
2020. Although the DNB Group has not been under suspicion of money laundering or complicity in money 
laundering, in its report of 30 April 2021 the NFSA was critical of the DNB Group’s compliance with the anti-
money laundering regulations and remediation of weaknesses identified in prior inspections. The DNB Group 
expends considerable resources in the battle against money laundering. Nevertheless, the DNB Group 
acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had not given sufficient results at the time of the inspection, 
and the DNB Group therefore announced the same day that it accepted the fine imposed by the NFSA. Following 
the final report from the NFSA’s 2020 inspection, DNB is currently conducting substantial remediation efforts to 
mitigate the compliance risk due to deficiencies in customer records. As indicated in the NFSA’s final report from 
the 2020 inspection, the NFSA, as DNB’s primary prudential regulator, is following up on DNB’s remediation 
efforts. Any future findings of non-compliance may have an adverse impact on the Bank’s or the DNB Group’s 
reputation. 
While the DNB Group takes any criticism raised very seriously and continues to try to improve its methods and 
systems to prevent anti-money laundering, it cannot guarantee that its Group-wide anti-money laundering and 
anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures have prevented or will prevent instances of money laundering or 
terrorism financing. Further, it cannot guarantee that its employees will consistently comply with such policies.  
Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or even the suggestion of violations, 
may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the DNB Group and could, as a result, have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s financial condition and results of operations.  
The legal relationships between the DNB Group and its customers are based on standardised contracts and 
forms created for a large number of commercial transactions; as a result, problems with the conditions in 
this documentation, or errors in it, could affect a large number of contracts with customers. 
The DNB Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of customers and uses general terms and 
conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms in the majority of its business areas and departments. 
The use of standard contracts and forms poses a significant risk due to the large number of contracts. As a result 
of the ordinary evolution of laws and new judicial decisions, and the growing influence of EU legislation on 
national laws, it is possible that not all the general terms and conditions, standard contracts and forms used by the 
DNB Group comply with all of the applicable legal requirements at all times. If there are drafting errors, 
interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the contracts are deemed invalid in whole or in part, a 
large number of customer relationships could be adversely affected, which could result in claims for compensation 
or other legal consequences that could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of 
the DNB Group.

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Group’s business.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the DNB Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The 
DNB Group is subject to regulation in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Regulation and regulatory 
requirements are continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the DNB Group, including, but not 
limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, capital 
requirements, reporting and corporate governance. 
The NFSA conducted an inspection of the Bank’s Personal Customers business area in March 2021. The 
inspection was part of the NFSA’s ordinary supervisory activities and included, among other things, an inspection 
of the Bank’s risk exposure in the credit area and management and control of credit risk. In the NFSA’s final 
report dated 20 December 2021, the NFSA stated that there had been a delay in updating reference figures in the 
bank’s debt servicing capacity test. This flaw has been corrected. The NFSA also stated that the bank should 
establish practices in accordance with an NFSA circular with regard to obtaining adequate information on all debt 
items. There is an ongoing process aiming to bring the loan process into full compliance with the circular. 
Furthermore, the Bank stated that the customer communication in the Bank's mortgage processes will be clarified, 
as the NFSA noted that the Bank offers larger mortgages than customers apply for. With reference to the NFSA 
comments on weaknesses in the Bank’s digital application solution for consumer financing, the Bank has informed 
the NFSA that only the manual loan application solution is in use as from April 2020. 
Furthermore, as part of its banking activities, the DNB Group provides its customers with investment advice, other 
investment services and investment products and access to internally as well as externally managed funds, and 
serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice, 
other services or products from the DNB Group, or misconduct or fraudulent actions in connection with the 
provision of investment services or the sale of investment products or otherwise, the DNB Group’s customers 
could seek compensation from or otherwise take legal action against the DNB Group. See “Description of the 
DNB Group—Litigation” for further detail on these claims. In certain cases, compensation might be sought from 
the DNB Group even if the DNB Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such 
counterparties to its customers.  
The DNB Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental investigations 
in jurisdictions where it operates. See “Description of the DNB Group—Litigation”. Such claims, disputes and 
legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes and ultimate consequences are often 
difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or an investigation. These types of claims and 
proceedings may expose the DNB Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or damage to 
reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In particular, as described in further detail under “Description of the DNB Group—Litigation”, DNB Asset 
Management AS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank since 1 July 2021, was subject to a final decision of the 
Supreme Court, which upheld a Court of Appeal ruling and ordered DNB Asset Management to pay compensation 
to investors of approximately NOK 350 million to settle claims that certain funds managed by it overcharged 
investors in those funds. Media attention related to the matter has to some extent had a negative reputational effect. 
Even though the DNB Group believes it has appropriately provided for contingent obligations in respect of claims, 
litigation and other proceedings, the outcome of any such claim, litigation or proceeding may differ from 
management expectations and expose the DNB Group to unexpected costs and losses, reputational and other non-
financial consequences and diversion of management attention. 
Any of the above-mentioned factors or any other restrictions or limitations on the operations of financial 
institutions could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity and/or prospects.

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax and VAT legislation and the interpretation of such 
legislation as well as changes in such rates. 
The DNB Group’s activities are subject to tax and VAT at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Norwegian or other governments 
to increase tax or VAT rates or to impose additional taxes or duties would reduce the DNB Group’s profitability.  
For example, in July 2021, the Bank received a decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to the 
deduction of external interest expenses. According to Norwegian tax legislation, external interest expenses are to 
be distributed proportionally among companies’ operations in Norway and certain international branch offices 
based on the respective entities’ total assets. This could result in additions or deductions from the companies’ 
income in Norway. The decision covers the fiscal years 2015–2019 and represents a tax exposure of NOK 1.7 
billion for the period in question. The Bank has recognised no provisions for this dispute and disagrees with the 
tax authorities' decision, and on 18 November 2021, the Bank filed a lawsuit with the Oslo District Court alleging 
that the tax authorities’ decision should be annulled. However, there can be no assurance that the final decision 
will be made in favour of the Bank 
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with associated 
transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were prepared in 2018, it 
was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring did not agree with the 
Norwegian Tax Administration’s interpretation of the original wording of the law. Based on an overall assessment, 
the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a tax income of NOK 880 million for the 
DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded a larger tax deduction than the tax effect 
recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring received a final decision concerning a change 
in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, 
Skatteklagenemnda . On the basis of a new review of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised 
in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter 
is uncertain and may result in either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group 
accounts. If DNB Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax 
expense of NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018. 
 Revisions of tax or VAT legislation or changes in its interpretation as well as differences in opinion between the 
DNB Group and tax authorities with respect to interpretation of relevant legislation might also affect the DNB 
Group’s financial condition in the future. Such changes and the outcome of ongoing proceedings where the DNB 
Group's interpretation of tax and VAT legislation is challenged by tax authorities could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. Further, 
there can be no assurance that any such change in tax and VAT legislation or the interpretation of tax and VAT 
legislation may not have a retroactive effect on the DNB Group’s business, financial situation, results of 
operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the 
interpretation of such policies and standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) changes the financial accounting 
and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the DNB Group’s financial statements. Further, changes 
may take place in the interpretation of, or differences of opinion may arise between the DNB Group and competent 
authorities with regard to the application of, such standards. These changes can be difficult to predict and can 
materially impact how the DNB Group records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In 
some cases, the DNB Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an 
existing standard, retroactively, rendering a restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. Any such 
change in the DNB Group’s accounting policies or applicable accounting standards could materially affect its 
reported financial condition and/or results of operations.

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the DNB Group’s judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, 
the DNB Group cannot guarantee that it will not be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate 
prior period financial statements in the future. 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, may negatively impact the DNB Group. 
As the DNB Group expands the scope of its business and its customer base, it must increasingly implement 
corporate governance policies on a group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest, including 
situations in which the DNB Group provides services to a particular customer or its own proprietary investments 
or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another customer, as well as situations 
in which one or more of the DNB Group’s businesses have access to material non-public information that may 
not be shared with other businesses within the DNB Group. Appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts 
of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can be difficult to discover. The DNB Group’s 
reputation could be damaged, and the willingness of customers to enter into transactions in which such a conflict 
might arise may be affected, if the DNB Group fails, or appears to fail, to identify and deal appropriately with 
conflicts of interest. 
Financial services operations involve inherent reputational risk. 
The DNB Group’s reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to earnings 
and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services industry. Negative public opinion 
can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, non-compliance by members of the 
DNB Group with applicable internal policies and regulations, activities of business partners over which the DNB 
Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, uncertainty about the DNB Group’s financial 
soundness or reliability (including the reliability of its internet banking platforms) or the DNB Group’s conduct 
of its business. Negative public opinion may adversely affect the DNB Group’s ability to keep and attract 
customers, depositors and investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the general public.  
Risks Related to the Notes  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Program. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency and/or a resolution of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes, which will constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Subordinated 
Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such 
case, a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding up solely for the purposes of reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Notes 
of the relevant Series and do not provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable) (referred to 
herein as a “winding-up of the Issuer”), all claims in respect of the Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities, in 
priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities, and junior to any present or future claims of 
Specified Senior Creditors. If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the 
Issuer to repay the claims of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-
ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders will 
lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes.  
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders 
during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, 
there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of its investment should a winding-
up of the Issuer occur. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other 
unsubordinated debt (including its Senior Preferred Notes). An investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency and/or a resolution of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is described in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the designation ‘senior’, and will 
both rank ahead of Subordinated Notes on a winding-up of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, will rank junior to those obligations which are by law given 
priority over Senior Preferred Notes) and the Issuer’s other ordinary unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Program should note that, in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency or resolution, investors in its Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if any) would generally be expected to lose 
their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of its Senior Preferred Notes. 
At any time after Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU relating to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy 
(the “Creditor Hierarchy Directive”) has been implemented in Norway, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), 
by providing notice (the “Ranking Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, specify that 
(subject to the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (together with any other outstanding Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the 
lower priority ranking contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there be any 
inconsistency between any statutory ranking which may be introduced in Norway in order to implement the 
provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the ranking as set out in Condition 3(b) (Status of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any 
such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
a winding-up of the Issuer occur.

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
There are limited Events of Default in relation to the Notes. 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes are limited to the occurrence of certain liquidation and insolvency 
events, and the enforcement rights of the Noteholders in relation to such Events of Default are extremely limited. 
In particular, the Noteholders will not be entitled to accelerate any amounts under the Notes except in the 
liquidation of the Issuer or other insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. Accordingly, the rights of the 
holders of such Notes are restricted by such limited Events of Default. See Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
In addition, the remedies under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
are more limited than those typically available to the Bank's unsubordinated creditors. 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their 
investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes. 
On 2 July 2014, BRRD entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant entities" being 
credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure 
the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a 
relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for the 
general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement in February 2018 and legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway was 
passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019 at Chapter 20 of the 
Financial Institutions Act. The legislation set forth that any further possible supplements and regulation of the 
details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be determined through regulations 
passed by the Ministry under the Financial Institutions Act. On 20 December 2018, the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance adopted changes to the Regulations on financial institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 
No. 1502 (the "Financial Institutions Regulation") setting forth general rules for MREL (see further below).  
Following entry into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank and the DNB Group are now 
subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be 
used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable time frame and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: 
(i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment 
obligation; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would 
include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which 
write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, 
which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of ownership (the "general bail-
in tool"), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a relevant Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership 
tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write down, or convert into equity, capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point 
of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares 
issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD (such as cancellation, transfer or dilution). 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case 
may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of 
remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a relevant Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Notes may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool or, in the case of holders of Subordinated 
Notes, the non-viability loss absorption powers, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may otherwise 
be materially adversely affected. Such application could also involve modifications, including alteration of the 
principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments 
may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD under 
implementing measures in Norway or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights 
of Noteholders. 
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by any actual or anticipated use of the 
powers thereunder in respect of the Bank, the DNB Group, and/or the Notes. Any action taken under such 
legislation in respect of the Bank or the DNB Group could also affect the ability of the Bank to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may also be written down by the Issuer's shareholders or the Norwegian 
authorities or subject to conversion following a decision from the Norwegian authorities under the 
Financial Institutions Act. 
The Subordinated Notes may be written down or converted following the Norwegian authorities' decision to apply 
resolution tools under Chapter 20 of the Financial Institutions Act.  
Pursuant to section 20-14 of the Financial Institutions Act, the NFSA as resolution authority may, following 
consent from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, adopt a decision to write down or convert capital instruments 
in accordance with Norwegian insolvency legislation if the NFSA determines that: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is likely to fail in the near future; or 
(c) 
the Issuer will require state guarantees.

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
The NFSA may only adopt such a decision if there is no reasonable prospect that the situations in (a) to (c) in the 
foregoing paragraph can be prevented by action other than write-down and conversion of own funds. Further, a 
write-down or conversion may not be carried out if the holders of the affected capital instruments incur greater 
losses than if the institution had been wound up pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act section 20-29. 
A decision to write down Subordinated Notes under the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14 shall be 
permanent, but shall not prevent the NFSA from subsequently writing up Subordinated Notes pursuant to section 
20-16 subsection (3) if the level of write-down based on the preliminary valuation is deemed to exceed 
requirements. Following the write-down of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer be liable towards the 
Noteholders, and no compensation shall be paid to Noteholders other than by conversion to shares in the Issuer. 
The write down of the Subordinated Notes under the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14 will affect the claims 
of the Noteholders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of the 
Noteholders will be in respect of the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes at the time of the 
winding-up of the Issuer and not for the original principal amount. 
Similarly, upon any redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, whether at its option pursuant to an Issuer 
call option under Condition 7(c) (if any) or following the occurrence of a redemption for tax reasons in accordance 
with Condition 7(b), the redemption amount of each Subordinated Note will be its outstanding principal amount 
(together with accrued and unpaid interest) and not its original principal amount. The Issuer is not able to reinstate 
any principal amount of the Subordinated Notes which has been written down pursuant to the Financial Institutions 
Act and, if applicable, the Issuer would be entitled to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
or Condition 7(c) (subject to compliance with the conditions to such redemption) notwithstanding that the 
outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes is less than their original principal amount by virtue of 
such write-down under the Financial Institutions Act. 
In addition, interest will accrue only on the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes from time to 
time and, accordingly, for so long as the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes is less than their 
original principal amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date shall be less than if the Subordinated Notes had not been written down. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment as a result of any write down of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act section 20-14, other than conversion into shares, as 
the case may be. Accordingly, if the Subordinated Notes are written down under the Financial Institutions Act 
section 20-14, Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Any actual or anticipated use of the powers under the Financial Institutions Act chapter 20 to write down or 
convert the Subordinated Notes will be likely to have a severe adverse effect on the market price of the 
Subordinated Notes.  
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to the Notes. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant Noteholder, and 
each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights. 
While the Senior Preferred Notes rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
(other than obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding ("Other 
Senior Obligations"), certain holders of Other Senior Obligations may have a right of set-off or counterclaim 
against the Issuer which holders of Senior Preferred Notes do not have. This may result in holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes having more limited rights than holders of Other Senior Obligations in relation to moneys owed 
by the Issuer to the relevant holder.

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective rate of return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected 
to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if applicable), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum 
period and maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 7(k), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
outstanding Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may 
be. 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(j) applies, if a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the Issuer 
may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum period and 
maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 7(j), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Subordinated 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
Any redemption or purchase prior to maturity of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be subject to regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that any such approval will be 
forthcoming, and any decision by the Relevant Regulator not to grant its approval shall not constitute a default 
under the Notes or for any other purpose.

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
Pursuant to the Financial Institutions Regulation section 11-8, prior permission from the NFSA for repurchase 
and redemption will not be required provided that the Subordinated Notes are replaced with new own funds 
instruments and that the following conditions are met: (i) the instrument is of equal or higher quality, (ii) at least 
corresponds to the repurchased or repaid amount, (iii) is raised prior to the notification of the early repurchase or 
redemption, and (iv) does not have a negative effect on the company's earnings (higher interest premiums than 
existing capital). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the 
Issuer. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable). There can be no assurance that 
holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the 
same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case may be. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or an 
MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) occurs, or 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21 the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the relevant Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, as the case 
may be, for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 21 from 
Norwegian law to English law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as further provided in Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m), as the 
case may be. The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that 
contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, 
provided that the relevant Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or 
Qualifying MREL Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to the Notes is limited to payments of interest only. 
The Issuer’s obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or deduction 
in respect of taxes on any payments applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, 
the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction 
were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, Noteholders would receive less than the full amount 
of principal due under the Notes upon redemption, and the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes as “eligible liabilities” is 
subject to uncertainty. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations 
then applicable) of the Issuer and the DNB Group. However, if the Applicable MREL Regulations were to change 
after a series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes were issued, the Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that 
an MREL Disqualification Event may occur. See “—Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes:

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
MREL Disqualification Event Redemption", “—In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the 
terms of the Notes" and “—If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective rate of return”. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa 
(any such Notes, "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes"), this may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than the then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Issuer is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its reputation 
and business.  
The Issuer is subject to a variety of risks arising from environmental, social and governance matters or “ESG” 
matters. In recognition of such risks, the Issuer has taken a number of actions, including those intended to manage 
its carbon footprint, and has sought to engage in sustainable lending and investment activities, specifically 
including supporting renewable energy projects. However, the Issuer cannot guarantee the success of these 
actions, nor can it make any assurances that its regulators, investors or other third parties, such as environmental 
advocacy organisations, will find such initiatives to be sufficient. Further, the Issuer may be exposed to negative 
publicity based on the identity and activities of the Issuer’s customers and business partners, and the public’s view 
of their approach and performance with respect to ESG matters. This may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
reputation, which in turn could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to attract and retain customers and 
employees and, therefore, an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
In addition, regulatory authorities, including the NFSA, have been increasingly focusing on ESG matters and have 
communicated their expectations of larger financial institutions (such as the DNB Group) to measure, monitor 
and manage climate related risk as part of their enterprise risk management processes. This increased focus may 
subject the Issuer to increased regulatory scrutiny and additional compliance costs, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
There can be no assurance that Green Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to any specific 
Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes specifically to advance loans to the Issuer’s customers on a targeted basis for the 
purpose of the financing and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and activities that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects" and Notes issued thereunder to be "Green 
Bonds"), in line with the DNB Green Finance Framework, which is intended substantially to adhere to the Green 
Bond Principles as published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (the "Principles"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers 
makes any assurance or representation as to whether any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, or the subject 
of or related to, the relevant Green Projects).  
There can be no formal or consensus definition of a ‘green’ (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. In addition, the DNB 
Green Finance Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without notice. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy)) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Green Projects. 
There can be no assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any assurance or representation as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes, the DNB Green 
Finance Framework generally, or any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion 
or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. 
The Noteholders will have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or the provider of 
any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification. A withdrawal of any such

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
opinion or certification may affect the value of any Green Bonds, may result in the delisting of such Green Bonds 
from any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green, social, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled assets. 
There can be no assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) 
segment of any stock exchange or market, that any admission obtained will be maintained or that admission of 
Green Bonds to any such segment will indicate that any particular objectives or investment criteria of any investor 
will be met 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
The criteria for acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or 
anticipated removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and refused, that 
could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that Green Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) that are the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds (or amounts equal 
thereto) will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors in Green 
Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
There is no obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Green Projects or monitor the use of proceeds of 
Green Bonds and Noteholders shall have no recourse to them 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility criteria relating to 
Green Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Issuer or the Green Projects 
will satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) 
in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular 
Green Projects, (v) any assessment of the Green Projects criteria or (vi) the contents of any Green Bonds 
framework developed by the Issuer or any second party opinion or certificate thereon, and no investor in any 
Notes will have any recourse to the Arranger or the Dealers in connection therewith. There are no rights and/or

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
events of default applicable to the Green Bonds in the even that proceeds are not applied in line with the Green 
Finance Framework.  
There is no obligation or assurance that an amount equal to the proceeds of issue of Green Bonds will be applied 
for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green Projects, and any failure in application of such proceeds (or 
equal amounts) will not constitute a default or otherwise enable Noteholders to take any enforcement action 
against the Issuer 
The proceeds from Green Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. While it is the intention 
of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds for financing and/or refinancing 
Green Projects, the Issuer will be under no contractual obligation to do so (including that the Terms and Conditions 
of Green Bonds will not contain any such requirement on, or covenant by, the Issuer nor any event of default 
should the Issuer fail to apply the proceeds or amounts equal thereto for such purpose). Unallocated net proceeds 
from Green Bonds will be held in the Issuer’s treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term liquid 
instruments, at the Issuer’s own discretion and as set out in the Green Finance Framework. Any such event or 
failure will not prejudice the prudential treatment of any Notes or constitute an event of default under the Green 
Bonds or otherwise trigger any other consequences under the terms and conditions of the Green Bonds.  
The availability of Notes qualifying as prudential capital or MREL to absorb losses of the Issuer or the DNB 
Group will not be affected by their characterisation as Green Bonds, and the characterisation of Notes as Green 
Bonds does not affect the status of such Notes in terms of ranking, subordination or susceptibility to bail-in or 
other resolution powers 
The proceeds of issue of Green Bonds which are eligible to count as MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer will 
be available to absorb losses of the Issuer or the DNB Group to the same degree and in the same manner as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities which are not Green Bonds. Notes issued as Green Bonds will be subject to bail-in and 
resolution measures available under the BRRD, as implemented in Norway, in the same way as any other Notes 
issued under the Program. Further, investors should note that where Green Bonds qualify for inclusion in the owns 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, the prudential and resolution rules will apply to 
those Green Bonds in the same way as they apply to any other Notes issued under the Program which so qualify. 
Green Bonds intended to form part of the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group 
will not be issued with any features which undermine their ability to absorb losses in compliance with the 
prevailing prudential and resolution rules, and neither the Green Bonds nor the proceeds of issue thereof will be 
afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of them being Green Bonds. Subordinated Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will continue to be subject to lower priority ranking than other preferred debts 
and ordinary unsecured debts of the Issuer, and the other risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes as described elsewhere in this section “Risk Factors” – including with 
respect to loss absorption as a result of bail-in or write down – shall apply to such Notes irrespective of whether 
or not such Notes are Green Bonds.  
The proceeds of issue of Notes that qualify as own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the DNB 
Group will be available to cover all losses of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, regardless of whether such Notes 
are Green Bonds and regardless of whether the losses stem from any loans advanced by the Issuer out of the 
proceeds of issue of such Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) or under any other green, social or sustainable 
assets of the DNB Group. 
Noteholders have no recourse to the Issuer, and the Issuer shall not have any obligations, in the event that the 
proceeds of issue of Green Bonds or amounts equal thereto are not applied on the basis described herein 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to 
finance and/or refinance any Green Projects, and/or any failure by any such customer to apply those funds to 
Green Projects as aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification in connection with any Green Bonds, 
or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or any of its customers is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Green Bonds no

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market or any particular segment 
thereof as aforesaid and/or any failure by the Issuer to provide or publish any reporting or any impact assessment 
on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) from any issue of Green Bonds will not:  
i) 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term 
thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder to accelerate 
the Green Bonds or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer;  
ii) 
create any right or obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds;  
iii) 
create an option for the Noteholders to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; 
iv) 
compromise the ability of the relevant Green Bonds to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 
capital (as the case may be); 
v) 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of any 
Green Bonds, create any other incentive to redeem the relevant Green Bonds, or otherwise affect the 
Terms and Conditions of any Green Bonds; 
vi) 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green Bonds to cover 
losses in any part of the DNB Group; or 
vii) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the Arranger and/or any Dealer. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are intended to finance Green Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, any failure by the Issuer or the DNB Group to meet any sustainability targets it may be required to 
meet or may set itself from time to time shall not constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or 
otherwise result in any Green Bonds being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
No link between Green Bonds and any Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue thereof  
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Green Bonds will not be impacted by 
the performance of the Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of such 
Green Bonds or by any other Green Projects or other green, social or sustainable assets of the Issuer or the DNB 
Group. 
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green 
Projects may not match the maturity date of the Green Bonds issued to fund such advances. The subsequent 
redemption of relevant advances by the Issuer, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects before the maturity date of any Green Bonds issued to fund such advances shall not lead to the early 
redemption of such Green Bonds or any other Notes nor create any obligation or incentive of the Issuer to redeem 
the Green Bonds at any time or be a factor in the Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to exercise any early 
redemption rights it may have from time to time.

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, 
without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Notes not 
meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility 
and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Bonds). 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. Any such modification will be binding on all of the Noteholders of such Series of Notes, 
notwithstanding that they did not consent to such modification, waiver or authorisation. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the relevant series of Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the relevant series of Notes for 
the time being outstanding, shall also be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding 
on all the holders of such series of Notes, whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents 
in electronic form. 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the holders of the Notes to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement (i) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
Norwegian law, (ii) which is to correct a manifest error or (iii) which is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the holders of Notes. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes and any such modification 
shall be notified to the holders of Notes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
A major part of the DNB Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds 
issued by Boligkreditt, which once transferred are not available to holders of the Notes in the case of 
insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. 
A major part of the DNB Group’s retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds issued 
by Boligkreditt. Residential mortgages transferred by the Bank to Boligkreditt or originated by Boligkreditt 
through the DNB Group distribution channels comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as security for holders 
of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for 
hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, these mortgages do not form part of the 
general assets of the Bank that would be available to holders of the Notes in the case of insolvency or liquidation 
of the Bank. The DNB Group intends to cover a significant part of its long-term funding requirement through the 
additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured by mortgages originated by Boligkreditt through 
DNB Group’s distribution channels and/or by further transfers of retail mortgages from the Bank to Boligkreditt. 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and the holders of Notes are structurally subordinated to the 
covered bondholders and such hedge counterparties to the extent of the cover pool, and are not likely to ever have 
access to this cover pool should the Issuer become insolvent or be liquidated.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system 
and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Program will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be deposited 
with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Notes 
by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. 
The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law and, to the extent specified in Condition 20(a), 
Norwegian law. There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the 
laws of England or the laws of Norway, regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes or the interpretation thereof. 
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which may 
have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also 
affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given 
the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, including those described 
above, could have on the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in financial 
distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount 
or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes, including on 
an unsolicited basis. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. If any rating, including any unsolicited credit rating, is assigned at a lower level than expected or 
subsequently is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the 
Notes may be reduced. 
In general, EU-regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use (for UK regulatory purposes) ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
the cover of this Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will also be 
disclosed in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, certain regulated investors may no longer be able to 
use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
such regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Notes 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to benchmarks.  
Benchmarks such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed "benchmarks" (each, a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on 
securities may be linked, are subject to ongoing national and international regulatory reforms. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and changes may cause a 
benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance 
of a benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to 
such benchmark, including possible adverse tax consequences for certain Noteholders. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of 
a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced 
that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with implementing a 
broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling 
bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by 
the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short- term rate ("€STR") 
as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain 
as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any other 
reforms to any Benchmark. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference rates or other reforms relating 
to Benchmarks may adversely affect the trading market for Benchmark-linked securities. The potential elimination 
of Benchmarks, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a 
Benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of Benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant Benchmark was available in its current 
form. 
Alternative reference rates may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which may perform very differently 
from the relevant predecessor LIBOR rates (which include an interbank lending margin).  
For example, in the case of floating rate bonds, bonds which would traditionally have referenced EURIBOR are 
expected to move towards referencing €STR. 
Additionally, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") has indicated that it intends to develop a hybrid 
methodology for calculating the EURIBOR benchmark and carried out in-depth testing of the proposed 
methodology. On 28 November 2019, EMMI announced that it had successfully completed the phase-in of all 
panel banks to the EURIBOR hybrid methodology. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be 
lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; and 
(b) 
if EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Notes will be 
determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 5 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market, may not 
operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information at the 
relevant time) and may in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate based 
on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop and 
apply as between the Notes due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this are 
uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in 
respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or 
any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider 
these matters when making their investment decision with respect to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
If any Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed 
in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained.  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser (Condition 5(d))" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate 
Note or Reset Note, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (which 
could include, without limitation, a benchmark, a screen rate and/or any component part thereof) when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (which may be positive, negative or zero). If any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate and/or Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, so far as is 
practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and there is no guarantee that the application of the 
Adjustment Spread will reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders.  
If an Independent Adviser is not appointed or a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate Adjustment Spread or any 
Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, other fallback 
provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may in certain 
circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period continuing to apply at the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period, resulting in the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities. Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and associated 
Adjustment Spread and associated Benchmark Amendments are determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be less 
than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred, for example, if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
is (unlike, for example, EURIBOR) a "risk-free" rate. 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC (Condition 5(e))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note or Reset 
Note, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the Issuer in 
connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in accordance with

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and 
market for such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of holders of such Notes be obtained. Further, 
there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or 
that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for 
interest on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant 
Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. Uncertainty surrounding 
the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of interest by reference to SOFR may adversely 
affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate 
referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date may change over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the definition of "Benchmark 
Replacement" is unavailable or indeterminable, the Issuer will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will 
apply to the relevant Notes.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) will become 
effective without consent from the Noteholders, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. In making these potentially subjective determinations, the Issuer may have economic interests that are 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders, and such determinations may adversely affect the value of and return 
on the relevant Notes. 
In the case of any Notes where "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" or, as the case may be, 
"Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC", is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 5(d) or, 
as the case may be, Condition 5(e), no changes will be made to the rate of interest and/or the terms and conditions 
of such Notes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to: (1) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of (a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may, or (2) in the case 
of the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes and for the floating leg of mid-swap rates. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes identify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or 
SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, or by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of Reset 
Notes identify that the applicable Reset Reference Rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to a Mid-
Swap Rate, the floating leg of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate may be a risk free rate, such as SONIA or SOFR. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the use of SONIA and SOFR as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar London Inter 
Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). 
The nascent development of SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes, or Reset Notes where the Reset Reference Rate is 
a Mid-Swap Rate which utilises a risk free rate for the floating leg, issued under the Program. 
The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate (including as a component part of a mid-swap rate) for bonds 
continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors 
should be aware that several different SONIA and SOFR methodologies have been used in notes issued to date 
and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formulae in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR, in the context of floating 
rate bonds or mid-swap based reset bonds, that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as applicable to Notes issued under the Program where the interest rate (or a component part thereof) 
is determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, the methodology for determining 
any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) in respect of 
certain Notes may be calculated may change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the 
future issue Notes where the interest rate (or a component part thereof) is determined by reference to SONIA or 
SOFR in a manner that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA- or SOFR-referenced Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR 
reference rates in the bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA 
or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives or loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of overnight reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of Notes where the interest rate (or a component part thereof) is determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR. 
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects and have a limited history.  
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including that overnight rates are backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking 
term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that such as 
SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes compared with rates 
such as LIBOR or EURIBOR. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore may perform differently over time than unsecured rates (including overnight unsecured 
rates). For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their 
relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR will be determined at the 
end of the relevant Reference Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will 
be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to 
IBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11 
(Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR 
or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrators of SONIA and SOFR, 
respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR (as 
applicable), including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA 
or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA 
or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be.

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
For any data, financial or otherwise, presented from the Merger Effective Date, references to the “Bank” and the 
“Issuer” refer to DNB Bank ASA, and references to the “Bank”, the “Issuer” and the “DNB Group” refer to the 
post-merger consolidation of DNB ASA, together with its subsidiaries, and DNB Bank ASA, together with its 
subsidiaries. For any data, financial or otherwise, presented before the Merger Effective Date, references to the 
“DNB Group” refer to the pre-merger consolidation of DNB ASA, together with its subsidiaries, and references 
to the “DNB Bank Group” refer to the pre-merger consolidation of DNB Bank ASA, together with its subsidiaries. 
DNB Bank ASA remains the surviving entity following the merger and the Issuer remains DNB Bank ASA.   
The merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company, was completed 
on 1 July 2021. For further information on the merger, see “Description of the DNB Group—The Merger”. The 
merger was completed with tax and accounting continuity. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the 
wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, as well as its 35 per cent. 
ownership interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, were transferred to DNB Bank ASA. From the Merger Effective 
Date, the DNB Group, with DNB Bank ASA as the parent company, has prepared consolidated financial 
statements for the DNB Group. Comparative figures for the DNB Group after the Merger Effective Date of the 
merger are based on the principle of continuity, and therefore correspond to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the financial years prior to the Merger Effective Date.  
Prior to the Merger Effective Date, DNB Bank ASA was the main subsidiary of DNB ASA. 
Unless otherwise indicated, financial information of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
and the comparative information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 has been extracted from the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 
Annual Financial Statements”).  
As indicated, certain financial information of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 has been 
extracted from the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 (the “2020 Annual Financial Statements”) 
Financial information of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 has been extracted from the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “2019 
Annual Financial Statements”). 
As a result of the merger, financial information of the Issuer extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements 
may not be directly comparable to the information extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and the 
2019 Annual Financial Statements.  
Annual financial statements 
The Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 
2021 incorporated by reference in this Prospectus have been prepared and presented in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as approved by the EU, in accordance with Section 3-9 of 
the Norwegian Accounting Act. The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2019, 2020 and 2021 incorporated by reference in this Prospectus have been audited by the Issuer’s 
independent auditors, Ernst & Young AS. Ernst & Young AS has not audited, reviewed or produced any report 
on any other information in this Prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, the annual financial data included or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus is extracted or derived from the annual audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer.

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
Change in segments 
With effect from the first quarter of 2020, the DNB Group (including the DNB Bank Group) changed the 
composition of its reportable segments. The small and medium-sized enterprises and large corporates and 
international customers segments was combined into the reportable segment titled “corporate customers”. 
Comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been adjusted accordingly. This change was 
carried across to the financial statements of the DNB Group following the merger.  
 For more detail regarding this change to the composition of the DNB Group’s reportable segments, see Note 2 to 
the Annual Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. For more detail regarding the 
DNB Group’s current reporting segments, see Note G3 to the 2021 Annual Financial Statements. 
Luminor Group AB 
The DNB Bank Group and Nordea combined their operations in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania into the new 
company Luminor Group AB in the fourth quarter of 2017. The DNB Bank Group’s ownership interest in Luminor 
was 43.5 per cent. at year end 2018. 
In September 2018, Nordea and the Bank announced that they had agreed to sell a 60.1 per cent. joint stake in 
Luminor to a Blackstone private equity consortium. Following the transaction, which was completed on 30 
September 2019, Luminor Group AB split into two separate companies, one of which is the Bank’s wholly owned 
subsidiary, DNB Baltic Invest AB. As of 31 December 2021, the Bank’s ownership interest in Luminor Holding 
A/S (a subsidiary of the Luminor Group AB prior to the split) through DNB Baltic Invest AB is 19.95 per cent. 
Nordea has entered into a forward sale agreement with Blackstone for its remaining 19.95 per cent. stake over the 
coming years. 
For the convenience of the reader, certain selected consolidated financial information has been included in this 
Prospectus. See “Selected Consolidated Financial Information”. This information is not complete and should be 
read together with the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Unaudited information 
Certain financial information in this Prospectus is unaudited financial information which has been extracted 
without material adjustment from the Bank’s accounting records which form the underlying basis of the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements. In particular, the financial information included within “Selected Statistical 
Data” and “Risk Management and Risk-Adjusted Performance” is unaudited and has been extracted from the 
Bank’s financial and other information systems. 
Currencies 
In this Prospectus, references to “NOK”, “Norwegian kroner” and “kroner” are to the currency of Norway, 
references to “USD”, “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the currency of the United States, references to “EUR”, 
“euro” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to “SEK” are to 
the currency of Sweden, references to “GBP” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, and references to “SGD” 
are to the currency of Singapore. Solely for the convenience of the reader, this Prospectus contains translations of 
certain NOK amounts into U.S. dollars at specified rates. Unless otherwise noted, all translations of NOK amounts 
into U.S. dollars for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been at the rate of NOK 8.59 = U.S.$1.00, being the 
average rate for 2021. No representation is made that kroner or U.S. dollar amounts referred to herein have been, 
could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars or kroner, as the case may be, at this rate, at any particular 
rate, or at all. On 14 March 2022, the representative market rate was NOK 8.9953 = U.S.$1.00. (Source: Norges 
Bank)

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown 
for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables 
may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Except as otherwise noted, all interest rates are on a per annum basis. 
Definitions 
In this Prospectus, references to “Norway” are to the Kingdom of Norway and references to the “Government” 
are to the Norwegian government. 
In this Prospectus, reference is made to lending and deposit spreads. The Issuer calculates lending and deposit 
spreads relative to the relevant money market rates; i.e., three-month NIBOR for most NOK products, the relevant 
LIBOR quotations (where still applicable) and, where LIBOR has ceased to exist in respect of a relevant foreign 
currency, the relevant risk free rate for floating rate products in such foreign currency, and for fixed-rate/fixed-
margin products, the relevant agreed reference rate. Accordingly, spreads on loans to customers represent the 
interest rate receivable on loans less relevant money market rates, while spreads on deposits represent the relevant 
money market rates less interest rate payable on customer deposits. 
In this Prospectus, references to “loans”, “average loans” or “loans to customers” refer to loans net of impairment. 
In this Prospectus, reference is made to “Loans and financial commitments”, whereas commitments include 
unutilized credit lines, financial guarantees and other loan commitments (like firm offers). 
In this Prospectus, reference is also made to “credit impaired” or “stage 3” financial instruments”. The definition 
of credit impaired is fully aligned with the regulatory definition of default. A financial instrument is defined to be 
in default if a claim is more than 90 days overdue, the overdue amount exceeds NOK 2,000 and the default is not 
due to delays or accidental circumstances on the part of the debtor. A commitment is also defined to be in default 
if the DNB Group (i) significantly writes down the commitment, as a result of a weakening of the debtor’s 
creditworthiness; (ii) agrees to changes in the terms and conditions because the debtor is having difficulty meeting 
payment obligations and this is assumed to significantly reduce the value of the cash flow; (iii) sells the debt for 
an amount that is significantly lower than the nominal value as a result of an impairment of the debtor’s 
creditworthiness; (iv) has reasons to assume that the debtor will become subject to debt settlement or 
bankruptcy/involuntary liquidation proceedings or be placed in receivership; or (v) has other reasons for assuming 
that the payment obligation will not be met (anticipated default). A commitment is defined to represent anticipated 
default if it is considered likely that the customer, based on its regular business activities, does not have debt 
payment ability for its total obligations (unlikelihood of payment). 
This Prospectus includes certain statistics and market share data. The Issuer believes that the statistics and market 
share data included in this Prospectus are useful in understanding the markets in which it operates. However, 
unless indicated otherwise, these figures are based on the Issuer’s internal calculations and estimates of market 
data and have not been independently verified. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that such internal 
calculations and estimates of market data are accurate. Some of the information contained in this Prospectus has 
been derived from official data of Statistics Norway. The Issuer has relied on the accuracy of this information 
without independent verification. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The DNB Group’s alternative performance measures (“APMs”) present what management believes to be useful 
information that supplements the financial statements. These measures are not defined under IFRS and may not 
be directly comparable with other companies’ adjusted measures. The APMs are not intended to be a substitute 
for, or superior to, any IFRS measures of performance, but have been included to provide insight into DNB 
Group’s performance and represent important measures for how management governs the DNB Group and its 
business activities.

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
Key financial ratios regulated by IFRS or other legislation (CRR/CRD) are not considered APMs, nor are non-
financial data.  
Set forth below are the DNB Group’s APMs used in this Prospectus and their respective definitions: 
Return on equity (ROE) and risk-adjusted return on allocated capital. These measures give relevant 
information on the DNB Group’s profitability by measuring the ability to generate profits from shareholders’ 
investments. ROE is one of the DNB Group’s primary financial targets. Return on allocated capital is used to 
assess the profitability of the segments in relation to their use of capital and ensures that the returns achieved by 
the various segments are measured on a comparable basis. 
• 
Return on equity (ROE) is calculated as shareholders’ share of profits for the period divided by average 
equity excluding additional Tier 1 capital and non-controlling interests. 
• 
Risk-adjusted return on allocated capital is defined as risk-adjusted profits (shareholders’ share) relative 
to average equity excluding additional Tier 1 capital and non-controlling interests. Risk-adjusted profits 
indicate the level of profits in a normalised situation. Among other things, recorded impairment losses 
on loans are replaced by normalised losses. 
Net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments in stage 2 and 3 in per cent. of net loans and 
impairment relative to average net loans to customers at amortized cost. These ratios are included to show 
the DNB Group’s provisions relating to credit exposure. 
• 
Calculated as net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments in stage 2 divided by net loans to 
customers at amortized cost.  
• 
Calculated as net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments in stage 3 divided by net loans to 
customers at amortized cost.  
• 
Calculated as impairment losses on loans and financial commitments divided by average net loans to 
customers at amortized cost, annualized. 
Ratio of customer deposits to net loans to customers at end of period, also adjusted for short-term money 
market deposits. These measures give relevant information on the DNB Group’s liquidity position. 
• 
Calculated as customer deposits divided by net loans to customers at the end of the period. Customer 
deposits, excluding the DNB Livsforsikring portfolio, minus short-term money market deposits divided 
by net loans to customers at the end of the period. 
Cost/income ratio. This ratio is included to provide information on the correlation between income and expenses 
and is considered to be one of the DNB Group’s key financial targets. 
• 
Calculated as total operating expenses divided by total income. 
Forward-Looking Statements. This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which reflect 
management’s current expectations with respect to future events, financial and operating performance and 
future market conditions. Words such as “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “aim”, “project”, “expect”, 
“intend”, “predict”, “target”, “may”, “might”, “assume”, “could”, “will” and “should” or other variations 
or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements appear in a number of places in this Prospectus including, without limitation, in the documents 
referred to in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and in “Risk Factors”. These forward-looking 
statements address matters such as:

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
• 
the consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and 
may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group 
• 
performance of the global financial markets and the markets where the DNB Group operates; 
• 
the DNB Group’s ability to maintain its customer base and the financial condition of the DNB Group’s 
customers; 
• 
future exposure to credit risk, including counterparty risk and credit concentration risk; 
• 
future exposure to market risk, including changes or volatility in interest rates, lending spreads, deposit 
spreads, foreign exchange rates, asset prices and risks relating to the DNB Group’s pension and medical 
care obligations towards its employees; 
• 
future exposure to liquidity and funding risks and systemic risk; 
• 
the DNB Group’s ability to manage operational risk and information technology systems; 
• 
political and economic conditions in markets outside the Nordic countries where the DNB Group 
operates; 
• 
future changes to regulation of the financial services industry, including capital adequacy requirements, 
and other governmental intervention; 
• 
future exposure to legal risks related to the DNB Group’s business; and 
• 
changes in applicable laws and regulations, including taxes, or accounting standards or practices. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. While the Issuer has prepared these forward-
looking statements in good faith and on the basis of assumptions it believes to be reasonable, any such forward-
looking statements are not guarantees or warranties of future performance. The Issuer’s actual financial condition, 
results of operation and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which it operates, may differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements 
attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary 
statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Available Information 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Notes issued by it are “restricted securities” within the meaning of 
Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither subject to the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder 
or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities 
designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective 
purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a Norwegian company, and a majority of its assets are located outside the United States. In addition, 
all of its directors and executive officers reside or are located outside the United States. As a result, investors may 
not be able to serve process within the United States upon these persons, or to enforce against these persons 
judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated solely upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state 
securities laws. 
The United States and Norway do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement 
of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the 
payment of a fixed debt or a sum of money rendered by any U.S. court based on civil liability, whether or not 
predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Norway. In 
addition, there is doubt that a foreign judgment based upon U.S. securities laws would be enforced in Norway. 
There is also doubt as to the enforceability of judgments of this nature in several of the other jurisdictions in which 
the Issuer operates and where its assets are located.

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Issuer has incorporated by reference in this Prospectus important information about the Issuer, which means 
that (i) the incorporated documents are considered part of this Prospectus, and (ii) the Issuer can disclose important 
information to prospective purchasers of Notes by referring prospective purchasers to those documents. The 
following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the 
Central Bank of Ireland, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019, 2020 and 2021 (the “Annual Report 2019”, “Annual Report 2020”, and “Annual 
Report 
2021” 
respectively) 
( 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/Annual%20Report%20DNB%20Bank%202019.pdf, 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/results/DNB_Bank_annual_report_2020.pdf 
and 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202203097662-1.pdf?ts=1646989016 
 
respectively) 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as approved by the EU, in accordance with Section 3-9 of the 
Norwegian Accounting Act, being the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer’s Annual 
Report 2019, Annual Report 2020 and Annual Report 2021, respectively: 
 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Income statement ........................................................ 
9 
11 
156 
Balance sheet .............................................................. 
11 
13 
158 
Statement of changes in equity ................................... 
12-13 
14-15 
159 
Cash flow statement .................................................... 
14 
16 
160 
Accounting principles (Note 1) ................................... 
15-24 
17-25 
161-172 
Other notes to the accounts ......................................... 
24-106 
25-108 
173-238 
Auditor’s report ........................................................... 
108-112 
110-114 
288 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the DNB Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2020 
(the 
“DNB 
Group 
Annual 
Report 
2020”) 
(https://vp267.alertir.com/afw/files/press/dnb_asa/202103107750-2.pdf) prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as approved by the European Union, in accordance with Section 3-9 of the Norwegian Accounting 
Act, being the information set out at the following pages of the DNB Group’s Annual Report 2020: 
 
 
2020 
Income statement ..................................................................................... 
136 
Balance sheet ........................................................................................... 
138 
Statement of changes in equity ................................................................ 
139 
Cash flow statement ................................................................................. 
140 
Accounting principles (Note 1) ................................................................ 
141-151 
Other notes to the accounts ...................................................................... 
152-221 
Auditor’s report ........................................................................................ 
230-236 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions set out in pages 176 to 239 of the prospectus published by the Issuer dated 10 
May 
2021 
(https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/EUO2-%232001184008-
v1%20DNB%20US%20MTN%20Prospectus%202021.pdf)

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions set out in pages 170 to 227 of the prospectus published by the Issuer dated 3 
September 
2020 
(https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/EUO2-%232000505454-
v1%20DNB%20US%20MTN%202020%20Update%20Final%20Prospectus.pdf); and 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions set out in pages 153 to 194 of the prospectus published by the Issuer dated 29 
March 
2019 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_95e6951e-94f5-49e9-b9c5-
ca4093b2315c.PDF). 
Any other information not listed above but contained in the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021, Annual Report 2020, 
Annual Report 2019 or the DNB Group Annual Report 2020 is either not relevant for investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
In relation to each issue of Notes, the relevant Final Terms, or Pricing Supplement as the case may be, shall be 
deemed to form a part of, and should be read together with, this Prospectus. Should any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus themselves incorporate by reference further information, such 
information does not form a part of this Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement to this Prospectus may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be obtained upon request, free of charge, 
from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Program Agreement (as defined below) that, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material 
in the context of the Program or the issue of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this 
Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE ISSUER 
The following overview should be read as an introduction to, in conjunction with, and as being qualified in its 
entirety by, the more detailed information that appears elsewhere in this Prospectus, including the 2021 Annual 
Financial Statements, the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and the 2019 Annual Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors that should 
be considered in connection with an investment in the Notes. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based 
on the consideration of this Prospectus as a whole together with the relevant Final Terms. Certain terms used in 
this overview are defined elsewhere in this Prospectus, including under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Overview 
The DNB Group is one of Norway’s largest bank groups as measured by total assets. The DNB Group offers 
corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in Norway and internationally. As of 
31 December 2021, the DNB Group had total assets of NOK 2,919 billion and loans to customers of NOK 1,745 
billion, compared to total assets of NOK 2,919 billion and loans to customers of NOK 1,694 billion as of 31 
December 2020. The DNB Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was NOK 25,355 million (as 
compared to NOK 19,840 million for the year ended 31 December 2020).  
On 21 October 2020, the Board of Directors of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA signed a joint merger plan, in 
which it was proposed that the companies' extraordinary General Meetings approve a merger of the two companies 
through a reverse subsidiary merger, involving the transfer of all DNB ASA's assets, rights and obligations to 
DNB Bank ASA. The joint merger plan was approved at the General Meeting of each company on 30 November 
2020 and the merger was effective as of 1 July 2021. 
Since 1 July 2021, the Bank is the parent company of the DNB Group. The DNB Group conducts its banking 
operations through the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, and offers life insurance and pension saving 
products and asset management services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB 
Asset Management AS, as set forth below in “Description of the DNB Group—Legal Structure of the DNB 
Group”. The DNB Group offers a full range of financial services, including loans, savings and investment, 
payment transfers, advisory services, real estate broking, insurance and pension products for personal and 
corporate customers. The DNB Group is among the world’s leading banks within its international priority areas, 
which include the energy, shipping and seafood sectors. The Bank offers telephone and online banking, and has a 
physical presence in 16 countries through its branch offices, subsidiaries and representative offices, and 
throughout Norway through in-store banking outlets and branch offices. 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had approximately 2.1 million private individuals as customers, 
approximately 231,000 corporate customers and approximately 1.3 million life and pension insurance customers 
in Norway.  
In accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian regulatory authorities, the banking, asset management and 
insurance activities of the DNB Group are currently performed by separate parts of the DNB Group. All asset 
management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset Management Holding AS. 
DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products, both products with guaranteed returns 
and products with a choice of investment profile. Banking activities are conducted by the Bank and certain 
subsidiaries of the Bank. DNB Forsikring AS and SpareBank 1 Skadeforsikring AS, were merged with effect from 
16 January 2019 into the new company, Fremtind Forsikring AS. Fremtind Forsikring AS offers non-life (property 
and casualty) insurance products to retail and corporate customers. The Bank currently holds an ownership share 
of 35 per cent. in Fremtind Forsikring AS. For a description of each segment, see “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business areas”.  
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. For more information, see 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”.

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
The chart below shows the DNB Group's operational structure including management team as of the date of this 
Prospectus.  
 
 
Strategy, Vision and Values 
The DNB Group’s long-term ambitions as set out in its corporate strategy, launched in the summer of 2020, are 
to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and achieve its financial targets.  
Creating the Best Customer Experiences  
In a market with increasingly transparent and open value chains, strong customer relationships are crucial in order 
to retain the DNB Group’s customers and ensure continued profitability. The DNB Group aims to create the best 
customer experiences so that customers choose the DNB Group and to ensure that customer relationships are 
maintained. Sustainable restructuring is increasingly important to achieve competitiveness in the business sector. 
The DNB Group customers have high expectations of how sustainability is integrated into the DNB Group’s 
advisory services, products, and financing solutions. 
Ensure Compliance 
New national and international rules and legislation are constantly being adopted and applied to the financial 
services industry. At the same time, the expectations from the DNB Bank Group customers and owners are 
increasing, especially in relation to sustainability topics, such as climate issues and environmental, social and 
governance factors. The DNB Group aims to secure long-term value creation and responsible operations by 
maintaining a high level of compliance expertise, as well as by thoroughly and systematically refining corporate 
governance and controls. All of the DNB Group’s employees and others who work on the DNB Group’s behalf 
must understand their scope of action and work towards a strong culture of compliance. By ensuring compliance, 
the DNB Group believes it will build and retain the trust of the DNB Group’s customers, owners and society in 
general.

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
Deliver on Financial Targets 
The DNB Group aims to achieve good, long-term returns. Delivering on financial targets provides the necessary 
scope of action to position the DNB Group for the future, while ensuring long-term value creation. The DNB 
Group aims to do this by focusing on earnings, a responsible cost level, effective capital use, integration of 
sustainability throughout the company, and an adaptable and effective organisation.  
In February 2020, the DNB Group reaffirmed its financial ambitions for the period leading up to 2023. A return 
on equity of more than 12 per cent. remains the DNB Group’s overriding target. The DNB Group aims to deliver 
more, with fewer resources, and develop products and services that are more relevant. This will help the DNB 
Group to deliver the return that shareholders expect, and to stay competitive when the DNB Group encounters 
new competitors. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Bank comprises Olaug Johanne Svarva (Chairperson), Svein Richard Brandtzæg 
(Vice Chairperson), Jaan Ivar Semlitsch, Gro Bakstad, Jens Petter Olsen, Kim Wahl, Julie Galbo, Lillian Hattrem, 
Stian Tegler Samuelsen and Eli Solhaug.

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
The following is a brief overview only and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Prospectus and, in 
relation to any Notes, in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and, to the extent applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein. Any 
decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole by any investor. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if 
appropriate, a supplement to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be published. Terms and expressions 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein shall have the same meanings in this section, 
except where the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  
 
 
Issuer 
DNB Bank ASA, a public limited company incorporated under 
the laws of the Kingdom of Norway on September 10, 2002 
with registration number 984 851 006 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers 
Barclays Capital Inc. and Goldman Sachs International 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Fiscal Agent”) 
Registrar  
Citibank Europe plc 
Exchange Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Transfer Agent 
Citibank Europe plc 
Amount 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
time shall not exceed U.S.$15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). The Program size may be increased from 
time to time without the consent of the holders of the Notes. 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis or may be sold directly by the Issuer. 
Currencies 
Any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for 
certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, from time to time outstanding. See 
Condition 2.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
Subject as set out in the paragraph below, in the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of 
public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded 
Winding-up, as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), claims of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including any amounts attributable to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank:  
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred 
Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, 
if any; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and  
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior 
Creditors. 
At any time after the Creditor Hierarchy Directive has been 
implemented in Norway, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to), 
by providing notice (the “Ranking Notice”) to the relevant 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 16, specify that 
(subject to the laws of Norway) the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) shall rank within the class of unsecured debt 
instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive with effect from the date specified 
in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should there 
be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking which may 
be introduced in Norway in order to implement the provisions 
of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the ranking as set 
out in the paragraph above, such statutory ranking shall 
prevail). 
See Condition 3. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute dated, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations (ansvarlig lånekapital) of the Issuer, 
and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising 
under the Subordinated Notes (including any amounts 
attributable to the Subordinated Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated 
Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior 
Securities; and  
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified 
Senior Creditors. 
See Condition 4. 
Loss Absorption under BRRD 
The BRRD was implemented in Norway with effect from 1 
January 2019. Under the BRRD, the Norwegian resolution 
authorities have extensive powers to resolve failing banks. Any 
such action (or anticipated action) taken in respect of the Issuer, 
its group and/or the Notes could result in Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment in the Notes. See “Risk 
Factors—Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank 
could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes 
including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing 
all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or 
receiving a different security than the Notes”. 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against monies owed by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes held by such holder of Notes. 
Subordinated Notes – Substitution or 
Variation 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(l) 
applies, if at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 21, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), (if, and to the extent, so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes of 
a Series for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities 
(as defined in Condition 7(l)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(l). 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
– 
Substitution 
or 
Variation 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(m) 
applies, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
and is continuing the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), (if applicable and to the extent so required), 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes of a Series or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a Series for,

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
or vary their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined in 
Condition 7(m)), as further provided in Condition 7(m). 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price 
The Notes may be issued at par, at a discount to, or premium 
over, par as specified in the applicable Final Terms or as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. The price and 
amount of the Notes to be issued will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series 
The Notes will be issued in separate series (each, a “Series”) 
and the Notes of each Series will be subject to identical terms 
whether as to currency, denomination, interest or maturity or 
otherwise. Notes will be issued in Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche that constitute the same Series will be subject to 
identical terms, except that the issue date, the issue price and 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. 
Denominations 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Note) will 
be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the time of issue) or such other amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant regulatory 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Interest 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
may accrue at a fixed rate, a floating rate or a fixed rate which 
resets periodically, and which will be calculated by referring to 
a formula. The floating rate may be determined by reference to 
a reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Interest Payments 
Interest may be paid monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually or as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Reset Notes 
Notes may have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset 
on one or more date(s) by reference to a Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Specified Currency, a Reference Bond Rate or the 
CMT Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Reset Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Interest on Reset Notes will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) and on redemption, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement).  
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions 
will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate the redemption 
amount, the scheduled maturity date (which in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, must be at least five years after the issue 
date in respect of such Notes) and will also indicate whether the 
relevant Notes can be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or whether the relevant Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call”) (which, in respect of 
Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series) and/or (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) at the option of the 
holders of Notes (“Investor Put”).  
Where, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(j) applies, if a 
Capital Event occurs in respect of such Series the Issuer shall 
be entitled to redeem such Subordinated Notes (subject to the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator, if then 
required). 
Where, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if a MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs in respect of such Series, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
redeem such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (subject to the prior written permission of the Relevant 
Regulator, if then required). 
No early redemption of (i) Senior Preferred Notes (other than 
in the case of an Investor Put), (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or (iii) Subordinated Notes may take place without the prior 
written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the 
extent such permission is required). 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
(Condition 5(d))” is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in relation to a Floating Rate Note or Reset Note, 
in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a 
view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
as 
described 
in 
Condition 5(d). 
If “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC (Condition 5(e))” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), in relation 
to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the 
Benchmark on any date, the Issuer will determine a Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the benchmark transition 
provisions as described in Condition 5(e). 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Norwegian 
withholding taxes unless required by law. If such withholdings 
are required by Norwegian law, the Issuer will in certain 
circumstances, and in respect of payments of interest only, pay 
certain additional amounts as described in, and subject to the 
exceptions set out in, Condition 8. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to 
any withholding or deduction required by FATCA. If such 
withholding or deduction is required, no additional amounts 
will be paid with respect to the withholding or deduction. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
holders of the Notes of any Series, create and issue further

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
Notes and other debt securities having the same terms and 
conditions as any Series of Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, issue price and the amount of 
the first payment of interest, if any, on them), which may be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes of such Series. 
Listing, Approval and  
Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to 
approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has 
also been made for Notes issued under the Program (other than 
Exempt Notes) during the 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market. 
 
Notes issued under the Program may be listed or admitted to 
trading on Euronext Dublin. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Form, Clearance and Settlement 
Notes offered in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A will initially be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes and Notes offered outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S will initially be represented by one or 
more Regulation S Global Notes.  
 
Notes will be in fully registered form, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. Global Notes representing 
the Notes will be held by or on behalf of DTC for the benefit 
of participants in DTC or be registered in the name of a 
nominee for, and deposited with, a common depositary or 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be used by the 
Issuer for general corporate purposes, including the repayment 
of borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
In respect of an issuance of Green Bonds, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of such Green Bonds may be used to finance 
or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects under the 
DNB Green Finance Framework. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law except for (i) the 
provisions of Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; 
(iii) the provisions of Condition 4; (iv) the provisions of

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
Condition 10; (v) the provisions of Condition 21; and (vi) any 
other write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with 
Norwegian law and regulation applicable to the Issuer from 
time to time, which in each case will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
Agreement with Respect to the exercise of 
Norwegian Bail-in Powers 
By its acquisition of any Note, each holder of Notes 
acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to (i) the exercise of Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
which could include and result in (without limitation) (a) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in 
respect of any Notes, (b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of 
the Relevant Amounts in respect of any Notes into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of any Notes, (c) the 
cancellation of any Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect 
of any Notes, and (d) the amendment or alteration of the 
duration of any Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on any Notes, or the dates on which interest may 
become payable, including by suspending or cancelling 
payment for a temporary period and (ii) the variation of the 
terms of any Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and/or to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21. 
Ratings 
The Program has been rated “AA-” (Senior Preferred Notes), 
“A” (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), “A-” (Subordinated Notes) 
by S&P and “(P)Aa2” (Senior Preferred Notes), “(P)Baa1” 
(Subordinated Notes) by Moody’s. The Issuer’s long-term 
senior unsecured debt has been rated “AA (low)” by DBRS 
(unsolicited). Series of Notes issued under the Program may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Program. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Selling Restrictions and Transfer 
Restrictions 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See 
“Plan of Distribution and Transfer Restrictions—U.S. Transfer 
Restrictions”.

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
In addition, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including Belgium and Norway), the UK, 
Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Canada. There may also be 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of the Notes in other jurisdictions. See “Plan of 
Distribution and Transfer Restrictions—Selling Restrictions” 
below. 
MiFID product governance / UK MiFIR 
product governance / PRIIPs Regulation / 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
The Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend titled “MiFID II 
product governance” and may include a legend titled “UK 
MiFIR product governance”, which (in each case) will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  
If the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors” and/or “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor (as 
described on pages vi and vii of this Prospectus) in, 
respectively, the EEA and/or in the UK, and no key information 
document under the PRIIPs Regulation and/or, as the case may 
be, the UK PRIIPs Regulation will be prepared. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. These are set out under 
the heading “Risk Factors”. Investors should carefully consider 
these risk factors and all of the information in this Prospectus 
before 
deciding 
to 
buy 
Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes, 
including the repayment of borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of Notes issued by the Issuer may be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Projects under the Issuer’s green finance framework, as amended from time to time (the “DNB Green 
Finance Framework”) (available on the Issuer's website at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/green-
bond-framework and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Bonds). However, any information, on, or 
accessible though the Issuer’s website and the information in the DNB Green Finance Framework is not 
incorporated by reference, and does not constitute part of, this Prospectus and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to Green Bonds. The net proceeds from Green 
Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach, and allocations and use of proceeds are allocated 
and monitored by DNB’s internal green finance committee. The committee consists of members from several 
departments, including Group Treasury, Personal Banking/DNB Boligkreditt, Corporate Banking, the Corporate 
Responsibility & Public Affairs Department and Group Credit Risk Management. Eligible Projects will include 
those which support the transition to a low-carbon and climate resilient economy, specifically with respect to 
financing and refinancing projects related to green buildings, renewable energy and clean transportation and will 
be assessed and monitored according to a framework and set of criteria available on the Issuer's website. Such 
Notes will be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets forth the Issuer’s consolidated capitalisation as of 31 December 2021. Except as noted 
below, there has been no material change in the Issuer’s consolidated capitalisation since 31 December 2021. This 
information should be read together with the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
(NOK millions) 
Borrowings 
 
Commercial papers issued, nominal amount  ..................................................... 
166,847 
Bond debt, nominal amount(1)  ............................................................................ 
147,367 
Covered bonds, nominal amount(1) 
373,736 
Senior non-preferred bonds, nominal amount 
38,499 
Value adjustments  ............................................................................................. 
14,302 
Subordinated loan capital and perp. subordinated loan capital securities .......... 
32,824 
Total borrowings .............................................................................................. 
773,575 
Equity 
 
Share capital  ...................................................................................................... 
19,379 
Share premium ................................................................................................... 
18,733 
Additional Tier 1 capital..................................................................................... 
16,974 
Non-controlling interests .................................................................................... 
266 
Other equity  ....................................................................................................... 
188,559 
Total equity ....................................................................................................... 
243,912 
Total capitalisation ........................................................................................... 
1,017,487 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Excluding own bonds. The total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds in DNB Boligkreditt was NOK 427.8 billion as at 
31 December 2021. The market value of the cover pool represented NOK 687.0 billion.

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information set forth below is derived from the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements 
as of and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021. Financial information as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 is presented with comparative financial information as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 on a post-merger basis and has been extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements. 
Financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 is presented with comparative financial 
information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 on a pre-merger basis and has been extracted from 
the 2020 Annual Financial Statements.  
The merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company, was completed 
on 1 July 2021. For further information on the merger, see “Description of the DNB Group—The Merger”. The 
merger was completed with tax and accounting continuity. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the 
wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, as well as its 35 per cent. 
ownership interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, were transferred to DNB Bank ASA. As a result, the financial 
information extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements is not directly comparable with the financial 
information extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and 2019 Annual Financial Statements, 
particularly with regard to line items affected by the Merger, such as total assets, investment properties, financial 
assets and equity of the Bank. From the Merger Effective Date, the DNB Group, with DNB Bank ASA as the 
parent company, has prepared consolidated financial statements for the DNB Group. Comparative figures for the 
DNB Group after the Merger Effective Date are based on the principle of continuity, and therefore correspond to 
the historical consolidated financial statements of DNB ASA as of and for the financial years prior to the Merger 
Effective Date .  
The following data should be read in conjunction with the annual consolidated financial statements and the notes 
thereto incorporated by reference in this Prospectus as well as the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”. 
The table below sets forth consolidated income statement data for the Issuer for the periods indicated: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(NOK millions) 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Total interest income ........................................... 
46,887 
55,296 
56,019 
66,190 
Total interest expenses ........................................ 
(8,197) 
(16,672) 
(16,734) 
(26,282) 
Net interest income ............................................ 
38,690 
38,623 
39,285 
39,908 
Commissions and fee income .............................. 
14,992 
13,289 
9,387 
9,758 
Commissions and fees expenses. ......................... 
(3,981) 
(3,789) 
(3,121) 
(3,141) 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value .. 
3,621 
5,902 
5,938 
3,173 
Net financial result, life insurance ....................... 
581 
418 
— 
— 
Net risk result, life insurance ............................... 
210 
241 
— 
— 
Profit from investments accounted for by the 
equity method ................................................ 
524 
402 
228 
302 
Net gains on investment property ........................ 
91 
(61) 
(61) 
92 
Other income ....................................................... 
1,188 
1,373 
2,207 
2,088 
Net other operating income .............................. 
17,225 
17,776 
14,578 
12,272 
Total income....................................................... 
55,915 
56,399 
53,862 
52,181 
Salaries and other personnel expenses ................ 
(13,826) 
(12,873) 
(12,238) 
(11,989) 
Other expenses .................................................... 
(6,845) 
(7,208) 
(6,901) 
(7,131)

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(NOK millions) 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Depreciation and impairment of fixed and 
intangible assets ............................................. 
(3,363) 
(3,320) 
(3,437) 
(3,157) 
Total operating expenses ................................... 
(24,034) 
(23,401) 
(22,576) 
(22,278) 
Net gains/(losses) on fixed and intangible assets  
(82) 
767 
(1) 
(33) 
Impairments on financial commitments .............. 
868 
(9,918) 
(9,918) 
(2,191) 
Pre-tax operating profit  ................................... 
32,667 
23,847 
21,366 
27,678 
Tax expenses ....................................................... 
(7,462) 
(4,229) 
(3,926) 
(4,825) 
Profit from operations held for sale, after taxes .. 
150 
221 
221 
(49) 
Profit for the period .......................................... 
25,355 
19,840 
17,661 
22,805 
Portion attributable to shareholders  .................... 
24,407 
18,712 
16,534 
21,686 
Portion attributable to non-controlling interests .. 
26 
(15) 
(15) 
(5) 
Portion attributable to additional Tier 1 holders .. 
922 
1,143 
1,143 
1,123 
Profit for the period .......................................... 
25,355 
19,840 
17,661 
22,805 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The table below sets forth consolidated balance sheet data for the Issuer as of the periods indicated:  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
(NOK millions) 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Cash and deposits with central banks .................  
296,727 
283,526 
283,526 
304,746 
Due from credit institutions ................................  
44,959 
78,466 
77,289 
101,165 
Loans to customers .............................................  
1,744,922 
1,693,811 
1,703,524 
1,671,350 
Commercial paper and bonds .............................  
425,267 
439,231 
279,732 
222,368 
Shareholdings .....................................................  
35,297 
29,360 
6,876 
7,479 
Financial assets, customers bearing the risk .......  
138,747 
116,729 
— 
— 
Financial derivatives ..........................................  
135,400 
186,740 
187,534 
125,364 
Investment properties .........................................  
17,823 
18,087 
672 
741 
Investments accounted for by the equity method  
19,549 
18,389 
7,450 
7,467 
Intangible assets .................................................  
5,804 
5,498 
3,792 
3,744 
Deferred tax assets .............................................  
649 
4,377 
5,106 
1,959 
Fixed assets ........................................................  
21,430 
20,474 
15,522 
14,882 
Assets held for sale .............................................  
2,245 
2,402 
2,402 
1,274 
Other assets ........................................................  
30,423 
21,852 
8,879 
8,103 
Total assets ........................................................  
2,919,244 
2,918,943 
2,582,304 
2,470,640 
Due to credit institutions ....................................  
149,611 
207,457 
206,995 
202,177

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
(NOK millions) 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Deposits from customers ....................................  
1,247,719 
1,105,574 
1,112,058 
977,530 
Financial derivatives ..........................................  
114,348 
174,797 
174,170 
115,871 
Debt securities issued .........................................  
702,759 
777,829 
787,813 
871,632 
Insurance liabilities, customers bearing the risk .  
138,747 
116,729 
— 
— 
Liabilities to life insurance policyholders ..........  
199,379 
200,422 
— 
— 
Payable taxes ......................................................  
3,054 
7,556 
6,370 
9,810 
Deferred taxes ....................................................  
1,571 
48 
62 
60 
Other liabilities ...................................................  
39,718 
31,522 
19,145 
27,129 
Liabilities held for sale .......................................  
896 
1,016 
1,016 
423 
Provisions ...........................................................  
1,642 
2,096 
2,096 
1,726 
Pension commitments.........................................  
5,073 
4,476 
4,099 
3,568 
Senior non-preferred bonds ................................  
37,769 
8,523 
8,523 
— 
Subordinated loan capital ...................................  
33,047 
32,319 
32,319 
31,095 
Total liabilities ..................................................  
2,675,332 
2,670,547 
2,346,143 
2,241,022 
Share capital .......................................................  
19,379 
15,503 
19,380 
18,256 
Share premium ...................................................  
18,733 
22,609 
20,611 
20,611 
Additional Tier 1 capital.....................................  
16,974 
18,362 
18,362 
26,729 
Non-controlling interests ....................................  
266 
119 
119 
45 
Other equity ........................................................  
188,559 
191,804 
177,689 
163,978 
Total equity .......................................................  
243,912 
248,396 
236,161 
229,619 
Total liabilities and equity ...............................  
2,919,244 
2,918,943 
2,582,304 
2,470,640 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The table below sets forth selected consolidated key figures as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 
2020 and 2019. As a result of the merger, figures presented as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 are 
not directly comparable to the figures presented as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
 
 
As of or for the year 
ended 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Key figures: 
 
 
 
 
Rate of return/profitability 
 
 
 
 
Cost/income ratio (per cent.)(3) ......................................  
43.0 
41.5 
41.9 
42.7  
Return on equity, annualised (per cent.)(4) .....................  
10.7 
8.4 
7.8 
11.1  
Financial strength at end of period 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) .............  
19.4 
18.7 
19.6 
18.3 
Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) ........................................  
21.0 
20.1 
21.5 
21.1

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
 
As of or for the year 
ended 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
Capital ratio (per cent.) ..................................................  
24.0 
20.1 
25.0 
24.4 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital (NOK million) .............  
189,305 
181,115 
182,393 
169,016 
Total risk exposure amount (NOK million) ..................  
973,431 
967,146 
930,384 
924,869 
Loan portfolio and impairment 
 
 
 
 
Net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments 
in stage 2, per cent of net loans at amortised cost ....  
8.30 
10.51 
10.39 
6.81 
Net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments 
in stage 3, per cent of net loans at amortised cost ....  
1.55 
1.55 
1.53 
1.12 
Impairments relative to average net loans to customers 
at amortized cost (per cent.) .....................................  
0.05 
(0.60) 
(0.60) 
(0.14) 
Net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments 
in stage 3 (NOK million)(5)  .....................................  
26,413 
25,412 
25,399 
18,192 
Liquidity 
 
 
 
 
Ratio of customer deposits to net loans to customers at 
end of period (per cent.)(6) .......................................  
74.2 
67.3 
67.3 
57.9 
Staff 
 
 
 
 
Number of full-time positions at end of period .............  
9,410 
9,050 
8,643 
8,617 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of the year ended 31 December 2020 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
(3) 
Calculated as total operating expenses divided by total income. Total expenses exclude impairment losses for goodwill and other 
intangible assets. 
(4) 
Return on equity represents the shareholders’ share of profit for the period to average equity. Average equity is calculated as the 
average of monthly end balances excluding additional Tier 1 capital and non-controlling interests. The figure is also presented as 
return on allocated capital for DNB Group in the financial statements.  
(5) 
Figures from 1 January 2020 are recognised excluding loans at fair value. Historical figures have been adjusted accordingly. 
(6) 
Calculated as customer deposits minus short-term money market deposits divided by net loans to customers minus short-term 
money market lending, at the end of the period. This calculation method was adopted from third quarter 2020, prior to this the 
ratio was calculated including short-term money market deposits and lending. Figures from 2021 do not include the DNB 
Livsforsikring portfolio. Comparative information has not been restated.

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in “Selected 
Consolidated Financial Information”, the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements and the 2019 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. With the 
exception of the sub-section “Analysis of Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019", 
which has been extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, unless otherwise indicated, financial 
information of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the comparative information as of 
and for the year ended 31 December 2020 has been extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements. The 
2021 Annual Financial Statements, the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and the 2019 Annual Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as approved by the EU. See “Presentation of Certain 
Financial and Other Information”. 
The merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company, was completed on 
1 July 2021. For further information on the merger, see “Description of the DNB Group—The Merger”. The 
merger was completed with tax and accounting continuity. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the 
wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, as well as its 35 per cent. 
ownership interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, were transferred to DNB Bank ASA. As a result, the financial 
information extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements is not directly comparable with the financial 
information extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and 2019 Annual Financial Statements, 
particularly with regard to line items affected by the Merger, such as Total assets. From the Merger Effective 
Date, the DNB Group, with DNB Bank ASA as the parent company, has prepared consolidated financial 
statements for the DNB Group. Comparative figures for the DNB Group after the Merger Effective Date are based 
on the principle of continuity, and therefore correspond to the historical consolidated financial statements of DNB 
ASA, together with its subsidiaries, as of and for the financial years prior to the effective date of the Merger 
Effective Date.  
The following discussion contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The 
DNB Group’s future results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or 
contribute to such differences include, without limitation, those discussed in the sections entitled “Forward-
Looking Statements”, “Risk Factors” and “Description of the DNB Group” elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
As used in this section, the term “DNB Group” is used to denote the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries and 
the term “Bank” is used to denote DNB Bank ASA on a stand-alone basis. 
Overview  
The DNB Group is one of Norway’s largest financial services groups as measured by total assets, with NOK 2,919 
billion as of 31 December 2021, compared to NOK 2,919 billion for the DNB Group as of 31 December 2020. 
The DNB Group  offers corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in Norway 
and internationally, in addition to life insurance and pension saving products and asset management services 
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, respectively. 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had loans to customers of NOK 1,745 billion compared to NOK 1,694 
billion as of 31 December 2020. The DNB Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was NOK 25.4 
billion, compared to NOK 19.8 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The DNB Group conducts its operations through the Bank and its subsidiaries, as set forth below in “Description 
of the DNB Group—Legal Structure of the DNB Group”. The DNB Group offers a full range of financial services, 
including loans, savings and investment, payment transfers, advisory services, real estate broking, insurance and 
pension products for personal and corporate customers. The DNB Group is among the world’s leading banks 
within its international priority areas, especially the energy, shipping and seafood sectors. The bank offers 
telephone and online banking, and has a physical presence in 16 countries through its branch offices, subsidiaries 
and representative offices, and throughout Norway through its in-store banking outlets and branch offices.

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
The merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company, was completed 
on 1 July 2021. For further information on the merger, see “Description of the DNB Group—The Merger”. The 
merger was completed with tax and accounting continuity. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the 
wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, as well as its 35 per cent. 
ownership interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, were transferred to DNB Bank ASA. 
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had approximately 2.1 million private individuals as customers, 
approximately 231,000 corporate customers and approximately 1.3 million life and pension insurance customers 
in Norway. 
Significant Factors Affecting the DNB Group’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The DNB Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects depend significantly upon the 
macroeconomic conditions prevailing in Norway and the global economy in general, including recent trends 
relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as certain other factors described below. The impact of these and 
other potential factors may vary significantly in the future and many of these factors are outside the control of the 
DNB Group. 
Macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic  
The macroeconomic environment, which has been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, is the 
principal factor affecting the DNB Group’s financial condition and results of operations. In particular, 
macroeconomic developments affect demand for, and pricing of, the DNB Group’s products and services, as well 
as the quality of its assets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in the first quarter of 2020 had, and continues to have, a 
significant impact on global macroeconomic conditions and financial markets and the economic environments in 
which the DNB Group operates, including in Norway. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Macroeconomic 
Conditions—The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, 
and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group” for further information.  
The principal impact of COVID-19 on the DNB Group’s results of operations during 2021 has been on impairment 
losses on financial instruments, which decreased significantly as compared to 2020. In the year ended 31 
December 2021 the DNB Group recorded net reversals of impairments on financial instruments of NOK 868 
million compared to impairment losses on financial instruments of NOK 9,918 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The net reversals of NOK 868 million in the year ended 31 December 2021 were mainly due to 
the vaccine roll-out and lifting of lockdown restrictions in 2021. Net interest income amounted to NOK 38,690 
million in the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase by NOK 67 million compared to the year ended 31 
December 2020, due to increased volumes and reduced long-term funding costs, which were offset by negative 
exchange rate effects, lower interest on equity and reduced margins following the zero NOK key policy rate 
implemented in 2020 and the subsequent repricing. In the year ended 31 December 2021 there was an average 
increase of NOK 11.2 billion, or 0.7 per cent, in the healthy loan portfolio compared to 2020. Adjusted for 
exchange rate effects, volumes were up NOK 35 billion, or 2.2 per cent, in 2021. From 31 December 2020 to 31 
December 2021 deposits from customers were up NOK 142.1 billion, or 12.9 per cent. Adjusted for exchange rate 
effects, there was an increase of NOK 151 billion, or 14.2 per cent., in deposits in the year ended 31 December 
2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, average lending spreads narrowed by 10 basis point and deposit 
spreads widened by 2 basis points compared with 2020, while volume-weighted spreads for the customer segments 
narrowed by 10 basis points compared with 2020.  
Other macroeconomic factors, such as GDP growth or decline, rates of unemployment and inflation, and oil prices, 
affect, among others, the following aspects of the DNB Group’s financial condition and results of operations:

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
• 
corporate and retail customers’ investment activities, which in turn affect demand for credit and, as a 
result, the DNB Group’s lending volumes; 
• 
asset quality and impairments of the DNB Group’s loans; 
• 
developments in asset prices, including prices of equity and debt securities, which in turn particularly 
affect commission and fee income, gains on financial instruments at fair value and treasury, equity and 
corporate finance operations; 
• 
downgrades or upgrades in internal credit ratings of customers due to deterioration or improvement in 
their credit quality, which in turn directly affect the Bank’s regulatory capital levels and indirectly affect 
its ability to increase lending volumes; and 
• 
volatility in interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, which in turn affect customers’ demand 
for risk management products. 
Norway  
The macroeconomic environment in Norway is of primary importance to the DNB Group. As of 31 December 
2021, the majority of the DNB Group’s loans to customers were extended by Norwegian business units, defined 
as business units of the DNB Group located in Norway, and the majority of the DNB Group’s deposits from 
customers originated from the Bank . For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the majority of the DNB 
Group’s income was attributable to its Norwegian business units. 
In particular, the Norwegian residential mortgage market is important to the DNB Group. Mortgages are a key 
product for the DNB Group, representing a large portion of its retail lending portfolio in Norway and providing 
the Bank with cross-selling opportunities. 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative impact on the Norwegian economy in 2020 
and in 2021. In particular, the spread of the Omicron variant at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022 resulted 
in the reimposition of lockdown restrictions worldwide and a slowdown in economic activity. For more 
information, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions—The consequences of the outbreak 
of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact 
on the DNB Group.”  
During the pandemic, the Norwegian government implemented significant measures to support employment, help 
businesses and people, and strengthen health services. Norges Bank’s reduction of the key interest rate to zero 
between March and May 2020, leading to lower interest rates for floating rate loans, also bolstered household and 
corporate liquidity through lower debt servicing costs. Norges Bank subsequently announced increases of the key 
policy rate, with the first increase to 0.25 per cent. in September 2021, followed by a further increase to 0.50 per 
cent. in December 2021. Further increases of the key policy rate are expected in 2022, 2023 and 2024. 
The sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 2020 due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent 
significant decrease in demand for oil, coupled with uncertain supply dynamics between members of OPEC and 
certain non-OPEC oil-producing countries had a significant effect on the Norwegian economy in 2020 and the 
first part of 2021. However, crude oil prices have been increasing due to OPEC production agreements, economic 
recovery and as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. As a result, the level of oil investments are 
highly uncertain. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Issuer—Negative economic developments and 
conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Group’s 
business and results of operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur.”. 
The table below sets out, with respect to the Norwegian mainland economy, (i) historical growth in GDP (as a 
percentage of change from the previous year); (ii) historical growth in the headline consumer price index (“CPI”)

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
(as a percentage of change from the previous year); and (iii) the unemployment rate (as a share of the civilian 
labour force):  
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Norway 
 
 
 
 
 
Mainland GDP growth rate......  
2.0 
2.2 
2.7 
(3.1) 
4.2 
CPI growth rate ................................  
1.8 
2.7 
2.2 
1.3 
3.5 
Unemployment rate(1) ..................  
4.2 
3.8 
3.7 
4.6 
3.3 
 
Source: Statistics Norway, 16 and 24 February 2022. 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Labour Force Study (seasonally adjusted) 
Mainland GDP growth in Norway increased in 2017, 2018 and 2019, before contracting by 3.1 per cent. in 2020 
and increasing by 4.2 per cent in 2021 (Source: Statistics Norway, 16 February 2022). Estimated GDP for 2022 
and the coming years is highly uncertain due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the volatility in oil prices. Recent 
estimates from Norges Bank suggest a 3.54 per cent. increase in 2022, a 2.0 per cent. increase in 2023, and a 1.0 
per cent. increase in 2024 (Source: Norges Bank, 16 December 2021). The COVID-19 pandemic and the volatility 
in oil prices are the most significant factors negatively impacting GDP.  
Between 2018 and February 2020, housing prices had been on the rise. However, due to the outbreak of the 
COVID-19 virus and the lower activity as a result of efforts to contain the outbreak, housing prices decreased by 
1.4 per cent. from February 2020 to March 2020. After dropping slightly in the second half in 2021, housing prices 
reached a new all-time high in February 2022, with an increase of 6.3 per cent. for the twelve-month period ending 
28 February 2022. (Source: Housing prices statistics, Real Estate Norway, March 2022). The latest increase is 
due to a high supply of houses resulting from new Norwegian regulations requiring stricter disclosure 
requirements for sellers, which has created a bottleneck in the housing market.  However, the long-term effects of 
the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact on the Norwegian economy combined with slow growth in household 
income suggest a high degree of uncertainty regarding further developments in housing prices and a decrease in 
housing-prices could occur. For more information, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Issuer—Negative 
economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group operates may 
adversely affect the DNB Group’s business and results of operations and are likely to continue to do so if those 
conditions persist or recur.”  
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. Although the 
unemployment rate decreased to a low of 3.8 per cent. in the first quarter of 2020 (Source: Labour Force Survey 
(Statistics Norway and Norges Bank), as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased 
significantly in the second quarter of 2020, but has since decreased. As at 31 December 2020, the unemployment 
rate was 4.8 per cent. (Source: Statistics Norway, 28 January 2021). As at 31 December 2021, the unemployment 
rate was 3.3 per cent. (Source: Statistics Norway, 24 February 2022). The unemployment rate is predicted to 
decline to 3.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2022, 3.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and 3.0 per cent. as at 31 
December 2024 (Source: Statistics Norway, 3 December 2021). Although it is not possible to accurately predict 
the unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price together with any further waves 
of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 would likely have a material adverse effect on the unemployment 
rate in Norway. 
The measures that various jurisdictions adopted to stop the spread of COVID-19 resulted in a clear decline in 
global GDP in the first quarter of 2020, with a further decrease in the second quarter. Governments started 
reopening their economies in the second quarter of 2020, and economies slowly started to revive. However, as 
infection rates began increasing again in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, some governments reintroduced 
lockdown and social distancing measures to curb the spread of the virus. The impact of COVID-19 continued to 
be felt during 2021 with partial lifting of testing and social distancing measures by the summer of 2021 as

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
vaccination rates rose and infection rates declined, followed by the reimposition of certain lockdown restrictions 
at the end of 2021 due to the spread of the Omicron variant. Exceptional support measures, particularly by major 
central banks, has also driven positive trends in financial conditions despite significantly adverse real outcomes.  
In 2020, investments in oil and gas dropped by 4.1 per cent. (Source: Norges Bank, 16 December 2021). Recent 
estimates from Norges Bank suggest a 1.0 per cent. reduction in investments in oil and gas in 2021, a 6.0 per cent. 
reduction in investments in oil and gas in 2022 and a 10.0 per cent. increase in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 16 
December 2021).  
Interest rates 
Among the primary factors influencing the DNB Group’s profitability are lending and deposit spreads, in addition 
to the long-term cost of funding and the return on its securities portfolio. The DNB Group calculates lending and 
deposit spreads relative to the relevant money market rates; i.e., three-month NIBOR for most NOK products, the 
relevant LIBOR quotations for floating rate products in a foreign currency, and for fixed-rate/fixed-margin 
products, the relevant agreed reference rate. Accordingly, lending spreads on loans to customers represent the 
interest rate receivable on loans less relevant money market rates, while deposit spreads represent the relevant 
money market rates less interest rate payable on customer deposits. How the lending and deposit spreads will be 
calculated when IBOR benchmarks are replaced with other benchmarks has, as of the date of this Prospectus, not 
been determined.  
Average lending spreads for the Bank’s customer segments narrowed by 10 basis points, and deposit spreads 
widened by 2 basis points in 2021. There was an average increase in the healthy loan portfolio of NOK 11.2 
billion, or 0.7 per cent., while average deposit volumes increased by NOK 142.1 billion, or 12.4 per cent., 
compared with 2020. Average lending spreads for the Bank’s customer segments widened by 21 basis points, and 
deposit spreads narrowed by 39 basis points in 2020. There was an average increase in the healthy loan portfolio 
of NOK 52.4 billion, or 3.4 per cent., while average deposit volumes increased by NOK 112.4 billion, or 11.8 per 
cent., compared with 2019. Average lending spreads for the Bank’s customer segments narrowed by 10 basis 
points, and deposit spreads widened by 21 basis points in 2019. There was an average increase in the healthy loan 
portfolio of NOK 77.7 billion, or 5.4 per cent., while average deposit volumes increased by NOK 15.4 billion, or 
1.6 per cent., compared with 2018  
Norway’s key policy rate, being the interest rate banks receive on deposits up to the individual quotas in Norges 
Bank, is determined by Norges Bank for the relevant period and represents the interest rate on banks’ deposits (up 
to a specified limit) with Norges Bank. Changes in the key policy rate take effect from the first business day after 
the interest rate decision is announced.  
In an effort to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak on economic activity in Norway, the key policy rate 
was reduced from 1.50 per cent. to zero in three phases between March and May 2020. In 2021, the negative 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic tapered off and the Norwegian economy recovered. In response to this upturn 
in economic activity, Norges Bank increased the key policy rate by 0.25 per cent. in September 2021 and 0.25 per 
cent. in December 2021, bringing the current key policy rate to 0.50 per cent. Norges Bank forecasts five 
additional rate hikes of 25 basis points each before the end of 2024. 
Fluctuations in short-term and medium- to long-term interest rates impact DNB Group’s net interest income 
differently depending on the re-pricing profile of the DNB Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities. For further information about the DNB Group’s average interest rates earned or paid on selected balance 
sheet items, see “Selected Statistical Data”. 
In assessing the profitability of its business, the DNB Group also considers the cost of long-term funding in 
addition to lending and deposit spreads. The markets for long-term funding remained strong throughout 2021. 
Prices for long-term funding remained stable, but saw a slight increase in credit spreads in the unsecured debt 
classes towards the end of the year. The Bank’s access to funding markets was good, and the Bank ended 2021

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
by completing issuances of senior bonds in the GBP market, as well as of subordinated loans in Norway and 
Sweden. At the beginning of 2022, the bank issued its first green senior bond in EUR  
Access to short-term funding through the Bank’s funding programs was good throughout 2021. A low interest 
rate level and ample access to liquidity as a result of government stimulus packages contributed to high activity 
in the Bank’s U.S. commercial paper program. This is expected to decline somewhat in the future,  as the Federal 
Reserve is getting closer to reversing its quantitative easing. In the third quarter of 2021, the Bank conducted its 
first issuance under the U.S. commercial paper program using SOFR, with additional issuances being conducted 
in the fourth quarter of 2021. Towards the end of 2021, the Bank also observed growing interest in European 
funding programs, primarily those in GBP, but also observed good volumes in short-term securities in EUR.  
Net interest income is the most important revenue source for the DNB Group. For the year ended 31 December 
2021, net interest constituted 69.2 per cent. of the DNB Group’s total income compared to 68.4 per cent. and 71.4 
per cent. for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
Changes in basis swap valuations 
The DNB Group’s results of operations can be significantly affected by changes in basis swap valuations, which 
result from changes in basis swap spreads and are reflected in the line item ‘Net gains (losses) on financial 
instruments at fair value’. Basis swaps are derivatives contracts entered into by the Bank when issuing senior 
bonds or raising other long-term funding in the international capital markets and exchanging the relevant currency 
into NOK. 
Due to the small size and illiquidity of the Norwegian bond market, the DNB Group is heavily dependent upon 
international funding hedged by basis swaps. In periods of volatility, when there is a stronger demand for so-
called “safe” currencies such as the U.S. dollar, prices for swaps where USD will be supplied on a future date will 
increase, and so will the value of existing swap contracts, causing an increase in recorded income. In less volatile 
periods, when prices of new swap contracts decrease, so will the market value of existing swap contracts, which 
causes a decrease in recorded income. However, such changes in value recorded in a given period will be reversed 
in subsequent periods, either because the market stabilizes or because the maturity date of the derivative contract 
is approaching.  
A significant portion of the changes in the DNB Group’s net gains and losses on financial instruments at fair value 
is related to changes in basis swap spreads. For the year ended 31 December 2021, net losses due to changes in 
the fair value of spreads on basis swap agreements related to funding amounted to NOK 310 million. For the year 
ended 31 December 2020, net gains due to changes in the fair value of spreads on basis swap agreements related 
to funding amounted to NOK 526 million. The market fluctuations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 
resulted in high income from basis swaps, whereas in 2021 the markets were at a more normalised level. For the 
year ended 31 December 2019, net gains due to changes in the fair value of spreads on basis swap agreements 
related to funding amounted to NOK 270 million.  
Impairments of financial instruments  
The DNB Group’s results of operations can be significantly affected by impairments on financial instruments that 
it recognised in its income statement. Under IFRS 9, impairments are calculated as expected loss rather than 
incurred loss. The provisions for impairment of loans are presented as a reduction of “Loans to customers” in the 
balance sheet. The expected credit loss is also calculated for loan commitments and presented under the line item 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet. Any change in the expected credit loss allowance is recognised under the line 
item “Impairment of financial instruments” in the income statement. For instruments containing both a drawn and 
an undrawn component, the expected credit loss will be split pro rata between the loss allowance and provisions 
based on the relative parts of the exposure. The IFRS 9 expected credit loss (“ECL”) model replaces the incurred 
loss model from IAS 39. The ECL model estimates impairment on the following instruments that are not measured 
at fair value through profit and loss: (i) financial assets that are debt instruments, (ii) lease receivables, (iii)

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
financial guarantee contracts issued and (iv) loan commitments. See “Selected Statistical Data—Developments in 
write-offs and impairments in profit and loss”.  
Impairment of financial instruments saw considerable improvement in 2021. In 2020, impairments of financial 
instruments totalled NOK 9,918 million due to the significant adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
compared to net reversals of NOK 868 in 2021 which can be attributed to the effectiveness of COVID-19 
vaccination programs and the reopening of societies and economies worldwide. Impairments of financial 
instruments totalled NOK 2,191 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
The impairment losses in the year ended 31 December 2020 were caused by the impact on the economy, both in 
Norway and globally, of the COVID-19 pandemic, in combination with the effect of the oil price decrease. 
Impairment losses in 2019 were caused by increased provisions in the large corporate and international customer 
segment, mainly due to a large impairment loss related to one specific customer in the third quarter of 2019. The 
net reversals in 2018 were primarily related to the large corporates and international customers segment. The main 
drivers were restructurings of selected large exposures, positive development in oil and gas-related industries 
combined with a general improvement in the underlying credit quality of the portfolio. The reversals were offset 
by impairments within the personal customers segment and from individually assessed corporate customers in 
stage 3. Net stage 3 loans and commitments amounted to NOK 18.2 billion at 31 December 2019, NOK 25.4 
billion at 31 December 2020 and to 26.4 billion at 31 December 2021.  
Poland 
The DNB Group has operations in Poland through its subsidiary, DNB Bank Polska S.A., which offers banking 
services to large corporations and public sector companies, as well as a retail clients portfolio in run off. In the 
first quarter of 2021, the Bank announced that it intends to withdraw from Poland, by gradually reducing its 
activity there. This process is expected to take several years. In the first quarter of 2021, the increase in operating 
expenses was partly due to non-recurring restructuring expenses in relation to the withdrawal. There will be some 
additional expenses related to the withdrawal, which will occur over time.  
Baltic States 
Historically, the DNB Group operated in the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The DNB Group no 
longer has any operations in the Baltic States.  
Luminor Holding A/S  
On 30 September 2019, the Bank completed the sale of part of its ownership interest in Luminor, a financial 
institution headquartered in Estonia, with branches in Latvia and Lithuania. The sale was made to a consortium 
led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. As of 31 December 2021, the Bank holds a 19.95 per cent. 
stake in Luminor Holding A/S through its wholly owned subsidiary DNB Baltic Invest AB.  
Regulatory Framework  
Capital ratio  
Further to the NFSA’s Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") for 2021, the NFSA announced on 
13 December 2021 that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank and the DNB Group had been set at 1.9 per cent. of 
RWAs and must be met with common equity tier 1 capital. Further, the NFSA also advised that the Bank and the 
DNB Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer ("Pillar 2 Guidance") of not less than 1.5 per cent. 
on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital requirement. 
The Basel III framework also provided for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) assets, 
referred to as leverage ratio requirements. On 20 December 2016, the Ministry resolved to impose a requirement 
for a leverage ratio of 3.0 per cent. for banks, financial institutions (including the DNB Group), holding companies

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
in financial groups and investment firms that provide certain investment services, as well as a general buffer 
requirement of 2.0 per cent. for banks and an additional buffer requirement of 1.0 per cent. for systemically 
important banks. Any entity which does not comply with the leverage ratio requirements must send a plan to the 
NFSA within five business days with a timetable for the required increase of the leverage ratio. If the NFSA does 
not consider the plan to be sufficient it can order to the entity to implement various types of measures to remedy 
the situation. The leverage ratio requirements apply since 30 June 2017. The Bank and the DNB Group are 
required to have a leverage ratio of 6.0 per cent. As of 31 December 2021, the leverage ratio of the DNB Group 
was 7.3 per cent., compared to 7.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 and 7.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2019. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total regulatory CET1 capital ratio requirement was 16.3 per cent. including the 
Pillar 2 Guidance. As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group (post-merger) had a CET1 capital ratio of 19.4 per 
cent. and a capital adequacy ratio of 24.0 per cent.. The DNB Group (pre-merger) had a CET1 capital ratio and a 
capital adequacy ratio of 18.7 per cent. and 22.1 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2020, and 18.6 per 
cent. and 22.9 per cent., respectively, as of 31 December 2019. As of 31 December 2021, the CET1 “headroom” 
over the requirement (16.3 per cent., including the Pillar 2 Guidance) for the DNB Group amounted to 3.1 per 
cent. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio  
Rules regarding the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) were implemented with effect from 31 December 2015. The 
requirement is 100.0 per cent. LCR for systemically important institutions (including the Bank) as from 1 January 
2016, and was increased from 80.0 per cent. to 100.0 for other institutions as from 31 December 2017.  
Since 30 September 2017, systemically important institutions, such as the Bank, have been subject to a minimum 
LCR requirement of 100.0 per cent. in each significant currency, provided, however, that for institutions that have 
USD and/or EUR as significant currencies, the minimum LCR requirement in NOK is 50.0 per cent. As of 31 
December 2021, the total LCR for the DNB Bank Group was 135 per cent. As of 31 December 2020, the total 
LCR for the DNB Group was 148.1 per cent. As at 31 December 2019, the total LCR was 138 per cent.  
NSFR 
A net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) has also been introduced as part of the Basel III framework. This funding 
seeks to calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. Norway has 
not yet formally implemented NSFR liquidity rules, but the DNB Group is already compliant with the NSFR 
requirement and thus in alignment with expectations set by the NFSA. The NSFR is in process of being formally 
implemented in Norway as part of the implementation of CRR 2. The implementation of CRR 2 is expected to be 
completed in the first half of 2022.  
MREL 
On 19 December 2018 the Norwegian Ministry of Finance passed and published the final Norwegian MREL 
requirements. The DNB Group is, based on the future expected CET1 requirement of 17.6 per cent., required to 
hold total MREL capital equal to approximately 37 per cent. of REAs (adjusted for REAs stemming from DNB 
Boligkreditt AS as the covered bond entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible debt of approximately EUR 
14 billion. Out of this, approximately EUR 7 billion will need to be issued in the form of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, while the remaining part can be issued in the form of Senior Preferred Notes. Senior preferred debt issued 
by the Bank with a minimum remaining tenor of one year will continue to qualify as MREL capital until 1 January 
2024.  
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
The financial information of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the comparative 
information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 discussed in this section has been extracted from the 
Issuer’s 2021 Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
The table below presents the DNB Group’s income statement for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total interest income .............................................................  
46,887 
55,296 
Total interest expense ............................................................  
8,197 
16,672 
Net interest income ..............................................................  
38,690 
38,623 
Commissions and fee income ................................................  
14,992 
13,289 
Commissions and fee expenses .............................................  
(3,981) 
(3,789) 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value ....................  
3,621 
5,902 
Net financial result, life insurance .........................................  
581 
418 
Net risk result, life insurance .................................................  
210 
241 
Profit from investments accounted for by the equity method  
524 
402 
Net gains on investment property ..........................................  
91 
(61) 
Other income .........................................................................  
1,188 
1,373 
Net other operating income ................................................  
17,225 
17,776 
Total income.........................................................................  
55,915 
56,399 
Salaries and other personnel expenses ..................................  
(13,826) 
(12,873) 
Other expenses ......................................................................  
(6,845) 
(7,208) 
Depreciation and impairment of fixed and intangible assets .  
(3,363) 
(3,320) 
Total operating expenses .....................................................  
(24,034) 
(23,401) 
Pre-tax operating profit before impairment ...........................  
31,881 
32,998 
Net gains on fixed and intangible assets ................................  
(82) 
767 
Impairment of financial instruments .....................................  
868 
(9,918) 
Pre-tax operating profit ......................................................  
32,667 
23,847 
Taxes .....................................................................................  
(7,462) 
(4,229) 
Profit from operations held for sale, after taxes ....................  
150 
221 
Profit for the year ................................................................  
25,355 
19,840 
Profit attributable to shareholders .........................................  
26 
(15) 
Profit attributable to additional Tier 1 capital holders ...........  
922 
1,143 
 
The DNB Group recorded a profit of NOK 25,355 billion for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of 
NOK 5,515 billion, or 27.8 per cent., from a profit of NOK 19,840 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
This increase can mainly be attributed to the high impairment provisions in the previous year due to the COVID-
19 pandemic. While 2020 was largely influenced by the COVID-19 outbreak, 2021 saw vaccine rollout and 
society reopening.  
Net interest income 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Group’s net interest income for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2020:

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total interest income .............................................................  
46,887 
55,296 
Total interest expense ............................................................  
(8,197) 
(16,672) 
Net interest income ..............................................................  
38,690 
38,623 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income was NOK 38,690 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, an increase of NOK 67 
million or 0.17 per cent. compared to NOK 38,623 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This increase 
was due to increased volumes and reduced long-term funding costs, which were offset by negative exchange rate 
effects, lower interest on equity and reduced margins following the zero NOK key policy rate implemented in 
2020 and the subsequent repricing. 
Net other operating income 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Group’s net other operating income for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Money transfer and interbank fees ........................................  
2,687 
2,674 
Guarantee commissions .........................................................  
886 
944 
Fees on asset management services .......................................  
2,557 
2,125 
Fees on custodial services .....................................................  
545 
420 
Fees on securities broking .....................................................  
688 
621 
Corporate finance ..................................................................  
2,201 
1,445 
Credit broking commissions ..................................................  
618 
358 
Sales commissions on insurance products .............................  
2,677 
2,548 
Fees on real estate broking ....................................................  
1,258 
1,272 
Other commissions and fees ..................................................  
876 
882 
Total commission and fee income, etc. ...............................  
14,992 
13,289 
Money transfer and interbank fees ........................................  
(1,282) 
(1,333) 
Guarantee commissions .........................................................  
(33) 
(44) 
Fees on asset management services .......................................  
(784) 
(646) 
Fees on custodial services .....................................................  
(288) 
(241) 
Fees on securities broking .....................................................  
(133) 
(154) 
Corporate finance ..................................................................  
(374) 
(281) 
Commissions on the sale of insurance products ....................  
(195) 
(224) 
Other commissions and fees on banking services .................  
(893) 
(867) 
Total commission and fee expenses etc.  ............................  
(3,981) 
(3,789) 
Net commission and fee income ..........................................  
11,011 
9,500 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value ...............  
3,621 
5,902 
Net financial result, life insurance .....................................  
581 
418

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Net risk result, life insurance ..............................................  
210 
241 
Profit from investments accounted for by the equity 
method ..................................................................................  
524 
402 
Net gains on investment property ......................................  
91 
(61) 
Total other income ..............................................................  
1,188 
1,373 
Net other operating income ................................................  
17,225 
17,776 
 
 
 
Net other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2021 decreased by NOK 551 million, or 3.1 per cent. 
from NOK 17,776 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The market fluctuations caused by the outbreak 
of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 resulted in high income from other financial instruments, as well as exchange 
rate effects on AT1 capital and basis swaps, whereas the markets in 2021 were at a more normalised level. 
Net commission and fee income 
Net commission and fee income increased to NOK 11,011 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from 
NOK 9,500 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase was mainly due to positive performance 
across product areas, particularly within investment banking (driven by activity within corporate finance) and 
asset management services (due mainly to volume growth).  
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value amounted to NOK 3,621 million for the year ended 31 December 
2021, representing a decrease of NOK 2,281 million, or 38.6 per cent., compared to NOK 5,902 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease in income from financial instruments can be ascribed to the large 
market fluctuations caused by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. 
The DNB Group uses basis swaps and cross currency interest swaps to convert foreign currency borrowings into 
the desired currency. As a typical example, the DNB Group raises a loan in euro and converts it into US dollars 
through a basis swap. In this example the DNB Group pays a US dollar interest rate based on a swap curve and 
receives a euro interest rate reduced or increased by a margin. The basis swaps are financial derivatives measured 
at fair value. There may be significant variations in the value of the basis swaps from day to day, due to changes 
in basis swap spreads. This unhedged risk causes unrealized gains and losses. For the year ended 31 December 
2021, there was a NOK 310 million decrease in value, leading to a negative effect on profits, compared with a 
NOK 526 million increase in value for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Operating expenses 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Group’s operating expenses for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2020: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Salaries(1) .............................................................................  
(9,555) 
(9,022) 
Employer’s national insurance contributions ........................  
(1,743) 
(1,590) 
Pension expenses ...................................................................  
(1,631) 
 (1,467)

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Restructuring expenses ..........................................................  
(142) 
(81) 
Other personnel expenses ......................................................  
(755) 
(714) 
Total salaries and other personnel expenses .....................  
(13,826) 
(12,873) 
Fees .......................................................................................  
(640) 
(540) 
IT expenses(2) .......................................................................  
(3,923) 
(3,807) 
Postage and telecommunications ...........................................  
(132) 
(148) 
Office supplies.......................................................................  
(40) 
(29) 
Marketing and public relations ..............................................  
(675) 
(693) 
Travel expenses .....................................................................  
(55) 
(73) 
Reimbursement to Norway post for transactions executed ...  
— 
(117) 
Training expenses ..................................................................  
(53) 
(42) 
Operating expenses on properties and premise(3) .................  
(409) 
(415) 
Operating expenses on machinery, vehicles and office 
equipment ..............................................................................  
(59) 
(59) 
Other operating expenses ......................................................  
(858) 
(1,286) 
Total other expenses ............................................................  
(6,845) 
(7,208) 
Depreciation of machinery, vehicle and office equipment ....  
(2,131) 
(1,980) 
Depreciation of right of use assets .........................................  
(524) 
(523) 
Other depreciation of tangible and intangible assets .............  
(706) 
(824) 
Impairments of activated systems development ....................  
(3) 
7 
Total depreciation and impairment of fixed and 
intangible assets ...................................................................  
(3,363) 
(3,320) 
Total operating expenses .....................................................  
(24,034) 
(23,401) 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
The salaries of Uni Micro AS employees, comprising 119 employees and 116 full-time equivalents at year-end 2021, have been 
included in the operating expenses for the DNB Group for the fourth quarter of 2021.  
(2) 
Systems development fees totalled NOK 1,315 million for the DNB Group in 2021, compared with NOK 1,497 million in 2020. 
(3) 
Costs relating to leased premises were NOK 733 million for the DNB Group in 2021, compared with NOK 784 million in 2020. 
Total operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to NOK 24,034 million, an increase of 
NOK 633 million, or 2.7 per cent., from NOK 23,401 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase 
was primarily due to increased activity, and recruitment of more full-time employees, which resulted in higher 
salaries and other personnel expenses.  
Impairment of financial instruments  
The table below presents impairments of financial instruments for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Personal customers ................................................................  
(75) 
(65) 
Commercial real estate ..........................................................  
81 
(146)

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Shipping ................................................................................  
402 
(351) 
Oil, gas and offshore .............................................................  
323 
(6,845) 
Other industry segments ........................................................  
138 
(2,511) 
Impairment on financial instruments ................................  
868 
(9,918) 
 
 
 
In 2021, there were net reversals of NOK 868 million, compared with impairment provisions of NOK 9,918 
million in 2020. Impairment of financial instruments saw considerable improvement in 2021. While 2020 was 
largely influenced by the COVID-19 outbreak, 2021 saw vaccine roll-out and societies reopening. The impairment 
losses within the most relevant industry segments are shown above.  
The personal customers segment showed impairment provisions of NOK 75 million for the year ended 31 
December 2021 compared to NOK 65 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, which is mainly due to an 
increase in impairment provisions in stage 3, offset by reversals in stages 1 and 2. The commercial real estate 
segment had reversals of impairment of NOK 81 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to NOK 
146 million in impairment provisions for the year ended 31 December 2020. The reversals of impairment of 
financial instruments for the year could be seen across all stages. There were net reversals of impairments of NOK 
323 million for the oil, gas and offshore industry in 2021 compared to impairment provisions of NOK 6,845 
million in 2020. The decrease can primarily be explained by reduced underlying risk in stages 1 and 2. Stage 3 
saw reversals of NOK 49 million relating to specific customers within the oil and gas industries, offset by 
increased impairment provisions within the offshore industries. The shipping industry segment experienced 
reversals of impairment of NOK 402 million in 2021, compared with NOK 351 million in impairment provisions 
in 2020. This decrease in impairment provisions was primarily driven by improved macro outlook and enhanced 
underlying credit quality in stages 1 and 2, while stage 3 saw improved credit quality for specific customers. The 
net reversals of NOK 138 million within other industry segments primarily reflects a decrease of NOK 2,649 
million compared with 2020. The reversals in 2021 were evident in stages 1 and 2, primarily due to improved 
underlying credit quality. This was offset by increased impairment provisions in stage 3, driven by a negative 
development for specific customers in certain industry segments. Net loans at amortised cost and financial 
commitments in stage 3 amounted to NOK 26 billion as at 31 December 2021, which is an increase of NOK 1 
billion from the previous period. In stage three the DNB Group recognised NOK 162 million in impairment 
provisions.  
 See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Loan Portfolio—The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of 
material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting in impairments”. 
Taxes 
The DNB Group’s total tax charge for the year ended 31 December 2021 was NOK 7,462 million, representing 
an increase of NOK 3,233 million from NOK 4,229 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase 
is mainly due to higher profit in 2021, one time effect on Additional Tier 1 capital and higher debt interest 
distribution in 2020.  
Business areas 
There are three main business segments included in the DNB Group’s financial reporting structure. The reported 
figures for the different segments will reflect the DNB Group’s total sales of products and services to the relevant 
segment.

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
With effect from the first quarter of 2020, the DNB Group changed the composition of its reportable segments. 
The small and medium-sized enterprises and large corporates and international customers segments have been 
combined into the reportable segment titled “corporate customers”.  
 
Personal customers 
includes the DNB Group’s total products and activities to private customers 
in all channels, both digital and physical. The DNB Group offers a wide 
range of products through its large distribution network, comprising 
branches, telephone banking, digital banking, real estate broking as well as 
external channels, such as in-store banking outlets.  
Corporate customers 
includes the DNB Group’s products and activities to Norwegian corporate 
customers, the public sector, all international customers and financial 
institutions. Small and medium-sized enterprises are served through the 
banking group’s large physical distribution network throughout Norway as 
well as digital and telephone banking. Large and international customers 
are served through local presence in strategic international locations, high 
expertise in select industries and a broad international network.  
Other operations 
includes the results from risk management in DNB Markets and from 
traditional pension products in DNB Livsforsikring. In addition, the other 
operations segment includes Group items not allocated to the customer 
segments, such as market-making and other trading activities in fixed 
income, currencies and commodities (FICC) as well as equities, including 
risk management of the risk inherent in customer transactions. Markets’ 
trading activities support the customer activities.  
The chart below sets forth the reporting structure of the DNB Group as of the date of this Prospectus:  
 
Personal Customers  
Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 8,766 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing an 
increase of NOK 133 million, or 15.4 per cent., compared to the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, net other operating income increased by 13.7 per cent. to NOK 5,235 
million as compared to NOK 4,604 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Total operating expenses increased by 1.77 per cent. to NOK 9,050 million compared with NOK 8,892 million in 
2020. 
Impairment provisions saw net reversals of NOK 135 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. Net stage 3 
exposures totalled NOK 3.6 billion at 31 December 2021. 
Corporate Customers 
Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 21,147 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing an 
increase of NOK 10,809 million, or 104.5 per cent., compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. This increase 
was primarily due to stable net interest income from both lending and deposits, a significant increase in income 
from markets activities, net gains on financial instruments at fair value and a net reversal on impairment of 
financial instruments.  
Net other operating income increased by 14.6 per cent. to NOK 9,147 million compared to NOK 7,983 million in 
2020. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, total operating expenses increased by 8.6 per cent., as compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2020. This increase was mainly due to higher personnel expenses, expenses associated 
with a higher level of activity in DNB Markets, IT expenses and depreciation of fixed and intangible assets linked 
to an increased operational leasing volume in DNB Finans.  
Net impairment losses on financial instruments saw reversals amounting to NOK 730 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021 compared with net impairment losses of NOK 9,438 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020. Measured in relation to loans to customers, impairment of financial instruments amounted to 90.7 per cent 
in 2021. The impairment provisions in 2021 were mainly related to the offshore industries. 
Other operations (including risk management segment) 
The segment comprises the business activities in the risk management operations in DNB Markets and from 
traditional pension products in DNB Livsforsikring, in addition to several group items not allocated to the 
segments. Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 2,753 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 
representing a decrease of NOK 2,123 million as compared to 2020. The profits in the other operations segment 
are affected by several group items not allocated to the segments, such as spreads on bond debt, mark-to-market 
effects of basis swaps and exchange rate effects on AT1 instruments. Net other operating income was affected by 
market fluctuations caused by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, which resulted in high income 
from other financial instruments, as well as exchange rate effects on AT1 capital and basis swaps, whereas the 
markets in 2021 were at a more normalised level. 
Analysis of Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
The financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 discussed in 
this section has been extracted from the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Financial Statements and 2019 Annual Financial 
Statements, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total interest income .............................................................  
56,019 
66,190 
Total interest expense ............................................................  
(16,734) 
(26,282)

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Net interest income ..............................................................  
39,285 
39,908 
Commissions and fee income ................................................  
9,387 
9,758 
Commissions and fee expenses .............................................  
(3,121) 
(3,141) 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value ....................  
5,938 
3,173 
Profit from investments accounted for by the equity method  
228 
302 
Net gains on investment property ..........................................  
(61) 
92 
Other income .........................................................................  
2,207 
2,088 
Net other operating income ................................................  
14,578 
12,272 
Total income.........................................................................  
53,862 
52,181 
Salaries and other personnel expenses ..................................  
(12,238) 
(11,989) 
Other expenses ......................................................................  
(6,901) 
(7,131) 
Depreciation and impairment of fixed and intangible assets .  
(3,437) 
(3,157) 
Total operating expenses .....................................................  
(22,576) 
(22,278) 
Pre-tax operating profit before impairment ...........................  
31,286 
29,903 
Net gains on fixed and intangible assets ................................  
(1) 
(33) 
Impairment of financial instruments .....................................  
(9,918) 
(2,191) 
Pre-tax operating profit ......................................................  
21,366 
27,678 
Taxes .....................................................................................  
(3,926) 
(4,825) 
Profit from operations held for sale, after taxes ....................  
221 
(49) 
Profit for the year ................................................................  
17,661 
22,805 
Profit attributable to shareholders .........................................  
16,534 
21,686 
Profit attributable to additional Tier 1 capital holders ...........  
1,143 
1,123 
The DNB Bank Group recorded a profit of NOK 17.7 billion for the year ended 31 December 2020, a decrease of 
NOK 5.1 billion, or 22.6 per cent., from a profit of NOK 22.8 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019. This 
decrease was primarily driven by lower net interest income due to lower interest margins and higher impairments 
due primarily to the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower oil prices.  
Net interest income 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Group’s net interest income for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total interest income .............................................................  
56,019 
66,190 
Total interest expense ............................................................  
(16,734) 
(26,282) 
Net interest income ..............................................................  
39,285 
39,908

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
Net interest income was NOK 39,285 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, a decrease of NOK 623 
million or 1.6 per cent. compared to NOK 39,908 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease 
was driven by lower interest on equity capital and reduced margins reflecting the effect of repricing after Norges 
Bank`s key policy rate cuts as a result of the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Net other operating income 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Bank Group’s net other operating income for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Money transfer and interbank fees ........................................  
2,679 
3,377 
Guarantee commissions .........................................................  
944 
895 
Fees on asset management services .......................................  
178 
176 
Fees on custodial services .....................................................  
454 
399 
Fees on securities broking .....................................................  
621 
499 
Corporate finance ..................................................................  
1,445 
1,352 
Credit broking commissions ..................................................  
358 
467 
Sales commissions on insurance products .............................  
553 
534 
Fees on real estate broking ....................................................  
1,272 
1,203 
Other commissions and fees ..................................................  
883 
856 
Total commission and fee income, etc. ...............................  
9,387 
9,758 
Money transfer and interbank fees ........................................  
(1,333) 
(1,577)  
Guarantee commissions .........................................................  
(44) 
(75)  
Fees on asset management services .......................................  
(34) 
(40) 
Fees on custodial services .....................................................  
(241) 
(197) 
Fees on securities broking .....................................................  
(154) 
(118) 
Corporate finance ..................................................................  
(281) 
(219) 
Credit broking commissions ..................................................  
― 
― 
Commissions on the sale of insurance products ....................  
 
(170) 
(188) 
Other commissions and fees on banking services .................  
(865) 
(727) 
Total commission and fee expenses etc.  ............................  
(3,121) 
(3,141)  
Net commission and fee income ..........................................  
6,266 
6,618 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value ...............  
5,938 
3,173 
Profit from investments accounted for by the equity 
method ..................................................................................  
228 
302 
Net gains on investment property ......................................  
(61) 
92 
Total other income ..............................................................  
2,207 
2,088 
Net other operating income ................................................  
14,578 
12,272 
 
 
 
Net other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by NOK 2,306 million, or 18.8 per 
cent. from NOK 12,272 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was mainly due to higher

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
net gains on financial instruments at fair value, reflecting positive exchange rate effects on AT1 capital and basis 
swaps.  
Net commission and fee income 
Net commission and fee income decreased to NOK 6,266 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 from 
NOK 6,618 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was mainly due to lower income from 
money transfer and banking services caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value 
Net gains on financial instruments at fair value amounted to NOK 5,938 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020, representing an increase of NOK 2,765 million, or 87.1 per cent., compared to NOK 3,173 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily due to an increase in loans at fair value and net gains 
on hedged items. 
Operating expenses 
The table below sets forth a breakdown of the DNB Bank Group’s operating expenses for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Salaries ..................................................................................  
(8,555) 
(8,175)  
Employer’s national insurance contributions ........................  
(1,491) 
(1,458)  
Pension expenses ...................................................................  
(1,398) 
(1,515)  
Restructuring expenses ..........................................................  
(81) 
(70)  
Other personnel expenses ......................................................  
(712) 
(772)  
Total salaries and other personnel expenses .....................  
(12,238) 
(11,989)  
Fees .......................................................................................  
(456) 
(521) 
IT expenses(1) .......................................................................  
(3,733) 
(3,806) 
Postage and telecommunications ...........................................  
(141) 
(149) 
Office supplies.......................................................................  
(28) 
(29) 
Marketing and public relations ..............................................  
(675) 
(805) 
Travel expenses .....................................................................  
(69) 
(251) 
Reimbursement to Norway post for transactions executed ...  
(117) 
(171) 
Training expenses ..................................................................  
(40) 
(59) 
Operating expenses on properties and premise(2) .................  
(468) 
(479) 
Operating expenses on machinery, vehicles and office 
equipment ..............................................................................  
(59) 
(69) 
Other operating expenses ......................................................  
(1,115) 
(793) 
Total other expenses ............................................................  
(6,901) 
(7,131) 
Depreciation of machinery, vehicle and office equipment ....  
(1,980) 
(1,690) 
Depreciation of right of use assets .........................................  
(727) 
(708) 
Other depreciation of tangible and intangible assets .............  
(737) 
(552) 
Impairments of activated systems development ....................  
― 
(33)

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Impairment losses for goodwill .............................................  
―  
― 
Other impairments of fixed and intangible assets..................  
7 
(174) 
Total depreciation and impairment of fixed and 
intangible assets ...................................................................  
(3,437) 
(3,157) 
Total operating expenses .....................................................  
(22,576) 
(22,278) 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Systems development fees totalled NOK 1,496 million for the DNB Bank Group in 2020, compared with NOK 1,548 million in 
2019. 
(2) 
Costs relating to leased premises were NOK 1,062 million for the DNB Bank Group in 2020, compared with NOK 1,061 million 
in 2019. 
Total operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to NOK 22,576 million, an increase of 
NOK 298 million, or 1.3 per cent., from NOK 22,278 million in the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase 
was primarily due to higher salaries and increased depreciation of machinery, vehicle and office equipment, and 
also reflected the provision for a possible administrative fine of NOK 400 million. 
Impairment of financial instruments  
The table below presents impairments of financial instruments for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Personal customers 
(65) 
(354) 
Commercial real estate 
(146) 
(124) 
Shipping 
(351) 
105 
Oil, gas and offshore 
(6,845) 
(274) 
Other industry segments 
(2,511) 
(1,544) 
Impairment on financial instruments 
(9,918) 
(2,191) 
 
 
 
Net impairments amounted to NOK 9,918 million in 2020 compared to NOK 2,191 million in 2019. The 
impairment losses within the most relevant industry segments are shown above.  
The personal customers industry segment showed impairment provisions of NOK 65 million, which is mainly due 
to an increase in stage 3 offset by reversals in stage 2. Commercial real estate had an impairment of NOK 146 
million and remained at a low level. There were net impairments of NOK 6,845 million for the oil, gas and offshore 
industry in 2020. This represented an increase of NOK 6,571 million compared with 2019. The increase can 
primarily be explained by a large increase in impairment provisions for offshore industry customers in stage 3. 
Oil-related industries accounted for 69 per cent of the total impairment provisions, while the remaining 
impairment was spread across different industries affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The significant increase 
in impairment provisions was closely related to the drop in the oil prices in the first quarter of 2020 and the 
subsequent negative impact on this segment. The shipping industry segment experienced impairment provisions 
of NOK 351 million in 2020 compared with a reversal of NOK 105 million in 2019. This increase in impairment 
provisions was primarily driven by a negative credit development for specific customers in both stage 2 and stage 
3. The net impairment losses of NOK 2,511 million within other industry segments primarily reflects an increase 
in impairment provisions of NOK 967 million, partly driven by negative developments for specific customers

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
within stage 3, as well as the general negative impact of the macroeconomic outlook within stages 1 and 2 due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic. Net loans at amortised cost and financial commitments in stage 3 amounted to NOK 25 
billion as at 31 December 2020, which is an increase of NOK 7 billion from the previous period. Approximately 
93 per cent. of the impairment provisions were recorded in respect of exposures in stage 3. 
Overall, the macroeconomic outlook for most industry segments has worsened from the end of 2019 to the end of 
2020, however, there were improvements during the second half of 2020 compared to the first half of 2020. 
See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Loan Portfolio—The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of 
material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting in impairments”. 
Taxes 
The DNB Bank Group’s total tax charge for the year ended 31 December 2020 was NOK 3,926 million, 
representing a decrease of NOK 899 million from NOK 4,825 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The DNB Group's overall effective tax rate in 2020 was lower than the ordinary nominal Norwegian rates of 22 
and 25 per cent. (25 per cent. being the nominal rate applicable to the part of the DNB Group that is subject to the 
Norwegian financial tax regime), primarily due to gain and dividend on equity instruments covered by the 
Norwegian tax exemption model and Norwegian taxation rules for the allocation of interest expenses between 
Norway and foreign branches. Under the tax exemption model, only 3 per cent. of dividends on qualifying equity 
instruments are taxable, while gain on such qualifying equity instruments are fully tax exempt. 
Business areas 
2020 Reclassifications 
With effect from the first quarter of 2020, the DNB Bank Group changed the composition of its reportable 
segments, as the Small and medium-sized enterprises and Large corporates and international customers were 
combined into the reportable segment Corporate customers. Data for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been 
adjusted accordingly. See Note 2 to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements.  
Personal Customers 
Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 7,821 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a 
decrease of NOK 1,015 million, or 11.5 per cent., compared to the year ended 31 December 2019.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, net other operating income decreased by 5.8 per cent. to NOK 3,547 
million as compared to with NOK 3,766 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Total operating expenses increased by 4.5 per cent. to NOK 8,644 million compared with NOK 8,269 million in 
2019. 
Impairment losses amounted to NOK 473 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Net stage 3 exposures 
totalled NOK 2.6 billion at 31 December 2020. 
Corporate Customers 
Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 9,698 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a 
decrease of NOK 7,737 million, or 44.4 per cent., compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease 
was primarily due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the oil price fall.  
Net other operating income increased by 0.2 per cent. to NOK 6,500 million compared to NOK 6,485 million.

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, total operating expenses increased by 6.8 per cent., as compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily due to a change in the principles for cost distribution 
in the banking group, general growth in wages and prices, and changes in exchange rates.  
Net impairment losses on financial instruments amounted to NOK 9,438 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared with NOK 1,835 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Measured in relation to average 
loans, impairment of financial instruments amounted to 1.18 per cent in 2020. The impairment provisions in 2020 
were mainly related to oil and offshore-related industries. 
Other operations (including risk management segment) 
The segment comprises the business activities in the risk management operations in the Markets segment in 
addition to several group items not allocated to the segments. Pre-tax operating profit amounted to NOK 3,847 
million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of NOK 2,440 million as compared to 
2019. The profits in the other operations segment are affected by several group items not allocated to the segments, 
such as spreads on bond debt, mark-to-market effects of basis swaps and exchange rate effects on AT1 
instruments. Mark-to-market effects related to changes in basis swaps spreads and exchange rate effects on 
additional Tier 1 capital were the main factors behind the increase. Income relating to risk management was 
somewhat reduced due to changed credit spreads, while rates trading and repurchase agreements (repo trading) 
came in at a satisfactory level. 
Financial Condition 
Assets 
The following table presents the assets of the DNB Group as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and has been 
extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. For a further 
analysis of certain items of the DNB Group’s balance sheet, see “Selected Statistical Data”. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with central banks ......................... 
296,727 
283,526 
Due from credit institutions ........................................ 
44,959 
78,466 
Loans to customers ..................................................... 
1,744,922 
1,693,811 
Commercial paper and bonds at fair value ................. 
425,267 
439,231 
Shareholdings ............................................................. 
35,297 
29,360 
Financial assets, customers bearing the risk ...............  
138,747 
116,729 
Financial derivatives .................................................. 
135,400 
186,740 
Investment property .................................................... 
17,823 
18,087 
Investment accounted for by the equity method ......... 
19,549 
18,389 
Intangible assets ......................................................... 
5,804 
5,498 
Deferred tax assets ..................................................... 
649 
4,377 
Fixed assets ................................................................ 
21,430 
20,474 
Assets held for sale ..................................................... 
2,245 
2,402 
Other assets ................................................................ 
30,423 
21,852 
Total assets ................................................................ 
2,919,244 
2,918,943

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group’s total assets were NOK 2,919 billion, compared with NOK 2,919 
billion as of 31 December 2020. As of 31 December 2021, loans to customers increased by NOK 51 billion, or 
3.0 per cent., from NOK 1,694 billion as of 31 December 2020.  
The following table presents the assets of the DNB Bank Group as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and has been 
extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and the 2019 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. For a further analysis of certain items of the DNB Group’s balance sheet, see 
“Selected Statistical Data”. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with central banks ......................... 
283,526 
304,746 
Due from credit institutions ........................................ 
77,289 
101,165 
Loans to customers ..................................................... 
1,703,524 
1,671,350 
Commercial paper and bonds at fair value ................. 
279,732 
222,368 
Shareholdings ............................................................. 
6,876 
7,479 
Financial derivatives .................................................. 
187,534 
125,364 
Investment property .................................................... 
672 
741 
Investment accounted for by the equity method ......... 
7,450 
7,467 
Intangible assets ......................................................... 
3,792 
3,744 
Deferred tax assets ..................................................... 
5,106 
1,959 
Fixed assets ................................................................ 
15,522 
14,882 
Assets held for sale ..................................................... 
2,402 
1,274 
Other assets ................................................................ 
8,879 
8,103 
Total assets ................................................................ 
2,582,304 
2,470,640 
 
 
 
Liabilities and equity 
The following table presents the total liabilities and equity of the DNB Group as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
and has been extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
For a further analysis of certain items of the DNB Group’s balance sheet, see “Selected Statistical Data”. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Due to credit institutions ............................................ 
149,611 
207,457 
Deposits from customers ............................................ 
1,247,719 
1,105,574 
Financial derivatives .................................................. 
114,348 
174,979 
Debt securities issued ................................................. 
702,759 
777,829 
Insurance liabilities, customers bearing the risk ......... 
138,747 
116,729 
Liabilities to life insurance policyholders .................. 
199,379 
200,422 
Payable taxes .............................................................. 
3,054 
7,556 
Deferred taxes ............................................................ 
1,571 
48 
Other liabilities ........................................................... 
39,718 
8,523 
Liabilities held for sale ............................................... 
896 
1,016

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Provisions ................................................................... 
1,642 
2,096 
Pension commitments................................................. 
5,073 
4,476 
Senior non-preferred bonds ........................................ 
37,769 
8,523 
Subordinated loan capital ........................................... 
33,047 
32,319 
Total liabilities .......................................................... 
2,675,332 
2,670,547 
Share capital ............................................................... 
19,379 
15,503 
Share premium ........................................................... 
18,733 
22,609 
Additional Tier 1 capital............................................. 
16,974 
18,362 
Non-controlling interests ............................................ 
266 
119 
Other equity ................................................................ 
188,559 
191,804 
Total equity ............................................................... 
243,912 
248,396 
Total liabilities and equity .......................................  
2,919,244 
2,918,943 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group’s total liabilities and equity were NOK 2,919.2 billion, an increase of 
0.01 per cent. from NOK 2,918.9 billion as of 31 December 2020.  
The following table presents the total liabilities and equity of the DNB Bank Group as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019 and has been extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements and the 2019 Annual Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. For a further analysis of certain items of the DNB Group’s 
balance sheet, see “Selected Statistical Data”. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Due to credit institutions ............................................ 
206,995 
202,177 
Deposits from customers ............................................ 
1,112,058 
977,530 
Financial derivatives .................................................. 
174,170 
115,871 
Debt securities issued ................................................. 
787,813 
871,632 
Payable taxes .............................................................. 
6,370 
9,810 
Deferred taxes ............................................................ 
62 
60 
Other liabilities ........................................................... 
19,145 
27,129 
Liabilities held for sale ............................................... 
1,016 
423 
Provisions ................................................................... 
2,096 
1,726 
Pension commitments................................................. 
4,099 
3,568 
Senior non-preferred bonds ........................................ 
8,523 
— 
Subordinated loan capital ........................................... 
32,319 
31,095 
Total liabilities .......................................................... 
2,346,143 
2,241,022 
 
 
 
Share capital ............................................................... 
19,380 
18,256 
Share premium ........................................................... 
20,611 
20,611 
Additional Tier 1 capital............................................. 
18,362 
26,729 
Non-controlling interests ............................................ 
119 
45

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
Other equity ................................................................ 
177,689 
163,978 
Total equity ............................................................... 
236,161 
229,619 
Total liabilities and equity ....................................... 
2,582,304 
2,470,640 
 
 
 
 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
In the ordinary course of its business, the DNB Group issues various forms of guarantees and credit commitments 
in favour of its customers and enters into derivatives transactions for trading and risk management purposes on 
standardised terms and conditions with off-balance sheet risk. See Note G7 to the 2021 Annual Financial 
Statements, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Liquidity and Funding 
The following discussion of the DNB Group’s liquidity, funding and capital requirements should be read in 
conjunction with “Risk Management and Risk-Adjusted Performance—Liquidity risk”. 
The DNB Group continues to enjoy good access to funding markets and relatively low funding spreads, although 
funding markets remain volatile particularly due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The DNB Group’s 
funding requirements and liquidity risks are driven by and managed through the development of its ratio of 
deposits to net loans and short and long-term limits. For more information, see “Risks Factors—Risks Related to 
Liquidity and Funding—Liquidity risk is inherent in the DNB Group’s operations; this risk may be exacerbated 
by current conditions in the global financial markets.” 
The principal sources of funding for the DNB Group consist of deposits from customers (including retail and 
wholesale deposits), issues of short-term funding and bond debt (including senior bonds (preferred and non-
preferred), covered bonds, and subordinated bonds). See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations—Macroeconomic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic—Interest rates”. 
The Issuer believes these sources give it access to a well-diversified funding base. Each of these items is discussed 
in greater detail below. 
In order to keep the DNB Group’s liquidity risk at a low level, short-term and long-term limits have been 
established. These are consistent with the Basel III/CRD IV calculation methods. Among other things, this implies 
that customer loans are generally financed through customer deposits, long-term debt securities (including covered 
bonds) and primary capital. The DNB Group and the DNB Bank Group stayed within the liquidity limits 
throughout 2019, 2020 and 2021.  
The EU capital requirements regulations include stipulations on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio, LCR. In Norway, 
the Ministry of Finance decided to introduce the LCR ahead of the EU schedule. The O-SIIs were required to 
meet the 100.0 per cent. LCR requirement as from 31 December 2015. DNB Bank and the DNB Group were in 
compliance with these new requirements.  
At 31 December 2021, the DNB Group’s LCR was 135 per cent. At 31 December 2020, the DNB  Group’s LCR 
was 148 per cent. At 31 December 2019, the DNB Group’s LCR was 138 per cent.  
Due to credit institutions  
Set forth below is a breakdown of the DNB Group’s loans and deposits from credit institutions as of 31 December 
2021, 2020 and 2019.

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Due to credit institutions, fair value ........................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Due to credit institutions, amortized cost ................... 
149,611 
207,457 
206,995 
202,177 
Due to credit institutions .......................................... 
149,611 
207,457 
206,995 
202,177 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Deposits from customers 
Set forth below is a breakdown of the DNB Group’s deposits from customers as of 31 December 2021, 2020 and 
2019.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Deposits from customers, at fair value ....................... 
9,810 
14,238 
14,238 
19,535 
Deposits from customers, amortized cost ................... 
1,237,908 
1,091,335 
1,097,819 
957,996 
Deposits from customers .......................................... 
1,247,719 
1,105,574 
1,112,057 
977,530 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Customer deposits for the DNB Group increased by NOK 142.1 billion, or 12.9 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 
compared to 31 December 2020. Customer deposits for the DNB Bank Group increased by NOK 134.5 billion, 
or 13.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019. The ambition is to have a ratio of 
customer deposits to net loans of minimum 60 per cent. 
Debt securities issued 
Set forth below is a breakdown by type of debt securities issued by DNB Group as of 31 December 2021, 2020 
and 2019. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Commercial paper issued, nominal amount ............... 
166,847 
137,931 
137,931 
188,120 
Bond debt, nominal amount(3) .................................... 
147,367 
175,115 
610,594 
655,455 
Covered bonds, nominal amount(3) ............................. 
373,736 
434,054 
 
655,455 
Senior non-preferred bonds, nominal amount ............ 
38,499 
8,519 
8,519 
 
Adjustments ................................................................ 
14,079 
30,733 
30,769 
28,057

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total debt securities and senior non-preferred 
bonds issued .............................................................. 
740,528 
786,352 
787,813 
871,632 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
(3) 
Excluding own bonds. The total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds in DNB Boligkreditt was NOK 427.8 billion as at 
31 December 2021. The market value of the cover pool represented NOK 687.0 billion. 
Set forth below is a breakdown by type of debt securities issued by DNB Group as of 31 December 2021 and 
2020, and the securities issued and redeemed and exchange rate movements and other adjustments in the securities 
portfolio for the year then ended. This information has been extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements. 
 
 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2021 
Issued 
2021 
Matured/ 
redeemed 
2021 
Exchange 
rate 
movement 
2021 
Other 
adjustments 
2021 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(NOK millions) 
Commercial paper issued, 
nominal amount ................ 
166,847 
3,163,394 (3,100,104) 
(34,373) 
 
137,934 
Bond debt, nominal  
amount(1) ........................... 
147,367 
19,186 
(43,540) 
(3,395) 
 
175,115 
Covered bonds, nominal  
amount(1) ........................... 
373,736 
23,299 
(69,365) 
(14,252) 
 
434,054 
Senior non-preferred 
bonds, nominal amount ..... 
38,499 
29,421 
 
559 
 
8,519 
Adjustments ...................... 
14,079 
 
 
 
(16,654) 
30,733 
Total debt securities and 
senior non-preferred 
bonds issued ..................... 
740,528 
3,235,300 (3,213,010) 
(51,461) 
(16,654) 
786,355 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures excluding own bonds. The total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds in DNB Boligkreditt was NOK 427.8 
billion as at 31 December 2021. The market value of the cover pool was NOK 687.0 billion as at 31 December 2021. 
Set forth below is a breakdown by type of debt securities issued by DNB Group as of 31 December 2020 and 
2019, and the securities issued and redeemed and exchange rate movements and other adjustments in the securities 
portfolio for the year then ended. This information has been extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements 
and the 2019 Annual Financial Statements. 
 
 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2020 
Issued 
2020 
Matured/ 
redeemed 
2020 
Exchange 
rate 
movement 
2020 
Other 
adjustmen
ts 2020 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Commercial paper issued, 
nominal amount ................ 
137,931 
1,113,162 (1,121,261) 
(42,091) 
 
188,120

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2020 
Issued 
2020 
Matured/ 
redeemed 
2020 
Exchange 
rate 
movement 
2020 
Other 
adjustmen
ts 2020 
Balance 
sheet at 31 
December 
2019 
 
(NOK millions) 
Bond debt, nominal  
amount(1) ........................... 
610,594 
29,430 
(103,824) 
29,533 
 
655,455 
Senior non-preferred 
bonds, nominal amount ..... 
8,519 
9,462 
 
(943) 
 
 
Adjustments ...................... 
30,769 
 
 
17 
2,695 
28,057 
Total debt securities and 
senior non-preferred 
bonds issued ..................... 
787,813 
1,152,054 (1,225,085) 
(13,483) 
2,695 
871,632 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures excluding own bonds. The total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds in DNB Boligkreditt totalled NOK 364.8 
billion as of 31 December 2020. The market value of the cover pool market value was NOK 673.5 billion as at 31 December 
2020.  
On initial recognition, securities are recorded either at amortized cost or at fair value. For a more detailed 
explanation of which financial instruments are recorded at amortized cost and which are recorded at fair value, 
see paragraph 7, “Financial Instruments” of Note G1, “Accounting Principles”, to the 2021 Annual Financial 
Statements , incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Set forth below is a breakdown by maturity of the Bank’s debt securities issued as of 31 December 2021:  
 
 
As of 31 December 2021(1) (2)  
 
NOK 
Foreign 
currency 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
2022 ........................................................................... 
— 
166,847 
166,847 
Total commercial paper issued, nominal amount . 
— 
166,847 
166,847 
2022 ........................................................................... 
3,620 
51,798 
55,417 
2023 ........................................................................... 
5,335 
50,627 
55,962 
2024 ........................................................................... 
125 
30,108 
30,233 
2025 ........................................................................... 
1 
449 
451 
2026 ........................................................................... 
5 
1,945 
1,950 
2027 ........................................................................... 
— 
1,640 
1,640 
2028 and later ............................................................ 
— 
1,713 
1,713 
Bond debt, nominal amount ................................... 
9,087 
138,280 
147,367 
2022 ........................................................................... 
23,199 
69,617 
92,816 
2023 ........................................................................... 
247 
67,636 
67,883 
2024 ........................................................................... 
7,558 
35,010 
42,568 
2025 ........................................................................... 
11,246 
31,584 
42,830 
2026 ........................................................................... 
1,473 
36,428 
37,901 
2027 ........................................................................... 
― 
18,758 
18,758 
2028 and later 
 
1,064 
69,916 
70,980

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021(1) (2)  
 
NOK 
Foreign 
currency 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Covered bonds, nominal amount 
 
44,787 
328,949 
373,736 
Adjustments ........................................................ 
202 
14,607 
14,809 
Debt securities issued .............................................  
54,075 
648,684 
702,759 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures excluding own bonds. The total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds in DNB Boligkreditt was NOK 427.8 billion as 
at 31 December 2021. The market value of the cover pool was NOK 687.0 billion as at 31 December 2021 
(2) 
The maturity profile is based on the call date, i.e. DNB’s first option to redeem the bond. 
Set forth below is a breakdown by maturity of the Bank’s senior non-preferred bonds as of 31 December 2021:  
 
 
As of 31 December 2021(1) (2)  
 
NOK 
Foreign 
currency 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
2025 ........................................................................... 
 
8,823 
8,823 
2026 ........................................................................... 
 
10,969 
10,969 
2027 ........................................................................... 
 
6,618 
6,618 
2028 and later ............................................................ 
2,100 
9,989 
12,089 
Senior non-preferred bonds, nominal amount ...... 
2,100 
36,399 
38,499 
Adjustments ........................................................ 
(23) 
(708) 
(730) 
Senior non-preferred bonds ..................................  
2,077 
35,691 
37,769 
 
 
 
 
 __________  
Notes: 
(1) 
In the table above, the maturity profile is based on the call date, i.e. DNB’s first option to redeem the bond. 
As of 31 December 2021, debt securities issued were NOK 702.8 billion, and senior non-preferred bonds were 
NOK 37.8. billion. As of 31 December 2020, debt securities issued were NOK 777.8 billion and senior non-
preferred bonds were NOK 8.5 billion. As of 31 December 2019, debt securities issued were NOK 871.6 billion. 
A majority of these securities were issued in the international capital markets. The Bank is a regular issuer of 
short- and long-term debt securities in the Norwegian and international capital markets. The Bank currently has a 
EUR 45,000,000,000 European Medium-Term Note Program, a U.S.$25,000,000,000 Commercial Paper 
Program, a U.S.$25,000,000,000 Yankee CD Program and a EUR 15,000,000,000 European Commercial 
Paper/CD Program, in addition to this U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium-Term Note Program. DNB Boligkreditt 
issues covered bonds secured on mortgages (residential mortgages, mortgages over second homes and mortgages 
over joint debt of housing cooperatives) acquired from or originated through the Bank. DNB Boligkreditt is an 
important source of long-term funding of the DNB Group’s operations, and is the main funding source for the 
DNB Group’s mortgage lending operations in Norway. DNB Boligkreditt currently has a EUR 60,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Program. As of 31 December 2021, DNB Boligkreditt had a mortgage loan portfolio of NOK 689.1 
billion, consisting exclusively of Norwegian mortgages. As of 31 December 2021, debt securities issued by DNB 
Boligkreditt amounted to NOK 441.0 billion compared to NOK 521.2 billion as of 31 December 2020 and NOK 
471.7 billion as of 31 December 2019. In the event of bankruptcy, the covered bondholders have preferential 
rights to DNB Boligkreditt’s cover pool. At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Bank had invested NOK 53.9 billion 
and NOK 59.9 billion, respectively, in covered bonds issued by DNB Boligkreditt. In the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, loan portfolios representing NOK 26.0 billion and NOK 49.2 billion, respectively, were

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
transferred in the ordinary course from the Bank to DNB Boligkreditt in accordance with the “Agreement relating 
to transfer of loan portfolio between DNB Bank ASA and DNB Boligkreditt AS.” 
Capital and Capital Adequacy 
The Basel Committee proposed a new international regulatory framework for capital and liquidity for banks in 
2010 (Basel III). The EU has implemented the regulations in its capital requirements directive, CRD IV, and 
capital requirements regulation, CRR. The regulations entered into force on 1 January 2014. Important parts of 
the Basel III regulations were transposed into Norwegian legislation as of 1 July 2013. As part of the DNB Group’s 
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process, ICAAP, the Board of Directors is in dialogue with the NFSA 
regarding the capitalisation of the DNB Group. 
Capital adequacy is reported in accordance with the EU’s new capital adequacy regulations for banks and 
investment firms (CRD IV/CRR). Valuation rules used in the statutory accounts form the basis for the 
consolidation, which is subject to special consolidation rules governed by the Consolidation Regulations. 
The majority of the credit portfolios are reported according to the IRB approach. Exposures to central 
governments, institutions, equity positions and other assets are, however, reported according to the standardised 
approach.  
Due to Norwegian transitional rules, which were applicable until 31 December 2019, risk-weighted assets under 
the IRB approach could not be reduced to below 80.0 per cent. of the risk-weighted assets calculated by reference 
to the Basel I standardised model, a restriction commonly referred to as the Basel I “floor”.  
On 31 December 2019, Norway fully implemented CRR/CRD IV, and the Basel I floor was removed. The 
harmonised rules include the introduction of the SME discount factor. 
On 11 June 2021, the CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 were implemented under Norwegian law. These amendments 
have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries in the European Economic Community. 
It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 2022. 
Capitalisation Policy 
The DNB Group’s capitalisation levels are intended to support the Bank’s AA- level rating target for ordinary 
long-term funding. One of the measures to mitigate the negative economic effects of the pandemic was the 
reduction of the counter-cyclical capital buffer requirement for banks. In order to help counteract a tightening of 
banks’ lending practices, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance reduced the rate from 2.5 per cent. to 1 per cent. on 
13 March 2020, with immediate effect. On 16 September 2021, Norges Bank decided to increase the requirement 
to 2.0 per cent with effect from 31 December 2022, in line with previous signals. Norges Bank points to the fact 
that creditworthy enterprises and households appear to have ample access to credit, and that a relatively small 
share of the banks’ exposures are to the industries that have been most directly affected by infection control 
measures. It emphasises that Norwegian banks are profitable and have low loan losses, but that losses may increase 
if more long-term infection control measures are needed. In light of Norges Bank’s current assessment of 
economic developments and of banks’ prospected losses and lending capacity, the buffer requirement will be 
increased to 2.5 per cent during the first half of 2022, taking effect one year after the decision is made. At the 
same time, Norges Bank decided to raise the key policy rate from 0.25 to 0.5 per cent with effect from 17 
December 2021. As of 31 December 2021, the CET1 requirement for DNB Group is at 16.3 per cent., including 
the Pillar 2 Guidance of approximately 1.5 per cent. The capitalisation targets relate to the DNB Group’s risk-
weighted assets at any given time. 
The payment of dividends is determined based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial 
strength and flexibility and developments in external parameters. The DNB Group targets a dividend pay-out ratio 
of more than 50.0 per cent. in combination with share buybacks. On 10 February 2022, the Bank announced that

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
the Board of Directors had proposed a cash dividend per share of NOK 9.75 for the year ended 31 December 
2021, to be finally decided by the General Assembly for the Bank on 26 April 2022. 
In addition to the regulatory assessment and allocation of capital, an allocation of capital to the Bank’s business 
areas is made for management purposes, based on a calculation of economic capital requirements. 
See also “Forward-Looking Statements”, “Risk Management and Risk-Adjusted Performance—Capital 
Management” and “Supervision and Regulation—Capital Requirements”. 
Capital and Capital Ratios 
The DNB Group had a CET1 capital ratio of 19.4 per cent. and a capital adequacy ratio of 24.0 per cent. at 31 
December 2021 (as compared to 18.7 per cent. and 22.1 per cent., respectively, at 31 December 2020).  
The DNB Bank Group had a CET1 capital ratio and a capital adequacy ratio of 19.6 per cent. and 25.0 per cent., 
respectively, at 31 December 2020 and 18.3 per cent. and 24.4 per cent., respectively, at 31 December 2019.  
The Bank had a CET1 capital ratio of 21.9 per cent. and a capital adequacy ratio of 28.1 per cent. at 31 December 
2021 (as compared to 21.3 per cent. and 27.5 per cent., respectively, at 31 December 2020 and 19.3 per cent. and 
26.3 per cent., respectively, at 31 December 2019). 
Primary capital – DNB Group  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Total equity ..................................................................... 
243,912 
248,396 
236,161 
229,619 
Effect from regulatory consolidation ................................ 
(6,605) 
(6,014) 
(250) 
(198) 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments included in total 
equity ............................................................................. 
(16,595) 
(17,995) 
(17,995) 
(26,048) 
Net accrued interest on additional Tier 1 capital 
instruments .................................................................... 
(285) 
(276) 
(276) 
(510) 
Common equity Tier 1 capital instruments ...................... 
220,427 
224,112 
217,641 
202,862 
Deductions 
 
 
 
 
Goodwill ........................................................................... 
(4,794) 
(4,697) 
(2,992) 
(2,946) 
Deferred tax assets that are not due to temporary 
differences ..................................................................... 
(439) 
(970) 
(970) 
(868) 
Other intangible assets...................................................... 
(1,814) 
(1,583) 
(1,583) 
(1,626) 
Proposed dividends and group contribution(3) .................. 
(15,116) 
(26,976) 
(26,949) 
(25,000) 
Significant investments in financial sector entities(4) ....... 
(5,242) 
(6,018) 
 
 
Expected losses exceeding actual losses, IRB portfolios   
(2,540) 
(1,781) 
(1,781) 
(2,502) 
Value adjustments due to the requirements for  
prudent valuation (AVA)  .............................................. 
(1,002) 
(855) 
(855) 
(810) 
Insufficient coverage for non-performing exposures  ...... 
(42) 
 
 
 
Adjustments for unrealized losses/(gains) on debt 
measured at fair value .................................................... 
(45) 
(23) 
(23) 
2 
Adjustments for unrealized losses/(gains) arising from 
the institution’s own credit risk related to derivative 
liabilities (DVA) .............................................................  
(88) 
(94) 
(94) 
(96)

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital .........................................  
189,305 
181,115 
182,393 
169,016 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments ................................  
16,595 
17,995 
17,995 
26,048 
Deduction of holdings of Tier 1 instruments in insurance 
companies(5) ....................................................................  
(1,500) 
(1,500) 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments ................................  
16,595 
17,995 
17,995 
26,048 
Non-eligible Tier 1 capital, DNB Group(6) ........................  
 
 
(2,920) 
 
Tier 1 capital instruments ...............................................  
15,095 
13,575 
 
 
Tier 1 capital ....................................................................  
204,400 
194,689 
200,388 
195,064 
Perpetual subordinated loan capital ...................................  
5,752 
5,640 
5,640 
5,774 
Term subordinated loan capital .........................................  
29,237 
26,320 
26,320 
24,943 
Deduction of holdings of Tier 2 instruments in insurance 
companies(5) ....................................................................  
(5,588) 
(5,750) 
26,320 
24,943 
Non-eligible Tier 2 capital, DNB Group(6) ........................  
 
(6,711) 
 
 
Additional Tier 2 capital instruments ............................  
29,401 
19,499 
31,960 
30,717 
Own funds .........................................................................  
233,801 
214,188 
232,348 
225,781 
Total risk exposure amount ...............................................  
973,431 
967,146 
930,384 
924,869 
Minimum capital requirement ...........................................  
77,875 
77,372 
74,431 
73,990 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) .................  
19.4 
18.7 
19.6 
18.3 
Tier 1 capital ratio (per cent.) ............................................  
21.0 
20.1 
21.5 
21.1 
Capital ratio (per cent.) ......................................................  
24.0 
22.1 
25.0 
24.4 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
(3) 
The Board proposes a dividend of NOK 9.75 per share for 2021. 
(4) 
Deductions are made for significant investments in financial sector entities when the total value of the investments exceeds 10 
per cent of common equity Tier 1 capital. The amounts that are not deducted are given a risk weight of 250 per cent. 
(5) 
Investments in Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments issued by the Group’s insurance companies are deducted from the Group’s Tier 1 
and Tier 2 capital. 
(6) 
Deductions of capital in accordance with Articles 85-88 of the CRR are not applicable after the merger between DNB Bank ASA 
and DNB ASA. 
Capital Expenditures 
As a financial group, capital expenditures are not a material part of the DNB Group’s expenses. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
The DNB Group’s accounting policies and estimates are described in “Accounting Principles” and in Note G1 to 
the 2021 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Estimates and discretionary 
assessments are subject to continual evaluation and are based on historic experience and other factors, including 
expected future events. By definition, the resulting accounting estimates will rarely be fully consistent with the 
final outcome. Management’s assessment of important estimates and assumptions is discussed below. 
Following the COVID-19 outbreak, the ensuing lockdown and gradual reopening of the Norwegian and the global 
economy, the level of uncertainty in assessing forward-looking information has increased substantially. The 
uncertainty encompasses the magnitude and duration of the business-related and financial impacts as well as the

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
impact of the various financial support and relief measures being implemented by the Government. DNB 
Management has carefully considered the macroeconomic forecasts for each segment to ensure that they reflect 
the expected impact of the economic consequences of the COVID-19 outbreak. Macro forecasts are usually 
obtained from DNB Markets and supplementary internal and external sources. Following the rapid change in the 
economic situation during 2020 and 2021, forecasts from various sources have been considered.  
Classification of financial instruments 
Financial assets are classified in one of the following measurement categories: 
• 
amortized cost 
• 
fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
• 
fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). 
The classification of financial assets depends on two factors: 
• 
the business model of the portfolio to which the financial asset belongs 
• 
the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. 
When determining the business model, the banking group assesses at portfolio level how the business is managed, 
sales activities, risk management and how information is provided to the executive management. The business 
model assessment has been performed for each business area. The portfolios belonging to the customer areas are 
held within a business model whose objective is to hold the assets and collect the contractual cash flows, while 
there are several different business models for the portfolios belonging to the product area Markets and the support 
area Group Treasury. 
A contractual cash flow characteristics test is performed on initial recognition of financial assets. Financial assets 
with cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) pass the test if the interest only 
compensates for the time value of money, credit risk, liquidity risk, servicing and administrative costs and a profit 
margin. 
Financial liabilities are classified at amortized cost, except for financial liabilities that are required to be measured 
at fair value through profit or loss or designated at fair value through profit or loss. 
Financial assets may irrevocably be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if the 
following criterion is met: 
• 
The classification eliminates or significantly reduces measurement or recognition inconsistency that 
otherwise would arise from measuring financial assets or recognising the gains and losses on them on 
different bases. 
Financial liabilities may also irrevocably be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if 
the criterion above is fulfilled or one of the following: 
• 
The financial instruments are part of a portfolio that is managed and evaluated on a fair value basis, in 
accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy; or 
• 
the host contract contains one or more embedded derivatives.

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
Consolidation – subsidiaries 
Subsidiaries are defined as companies in which the Bank, directly or indirectly, has control. Control over an entity 
is evidenced by the DNB Group’s ability to exercise its power in order to affect any variable returns to which the 
DNB Group is exposed through its involvement with the entity. When assessing whether to consolidate an entity 
the DNB Group evaluates a range of control factors, including: 
• 
the purpose and design of the entity; 
• 
the relevant activities and how these are determined; 
• 
whether the DNB Group’s rights result in the ability to direct the relevant activities; 
• 
whether the Group has exposure or right to variable returns; and 
• 
whether the Group has the ability to use its power to affect its return on investment. 
Where voting rights are relevant, the DNB Group is deemed to have control where it holds, directly or indirectly, 
more than half of the voting rights in an entity, unless the DNB Group through agreements does not have 
corresponding voting rights in relevant decision-making bodies. With respect to companies where the DNB 
Group’s holding represent less than half of the rights, it makes an assessment of whether other factors indicate de 
facto control. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is obtained and until control 
ceases. 
Financial instruments  
The expected credit loss model estimates impairment on the following instruments that are not measured at fair 
value through profit and loss:  
• 
financial assets that are debt instruments;  
• 
lease receivables; 
• 
issued financial guarantee contracts; and 
• 
loan commitments. 
The banking group measures ECL at each reporting date for these instruments, reflecting: 
• 
an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible 
outcomes; 
• 
the time value of money; and  
• 
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date 
about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. 
The banking group measures a loss allowance at an amount reflecting lifetime ECL for all instruments that have 
been subject to a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Instruments for which there has been 
no significant change in risk, a 12-month expected credit loss is recognised. See Note 4 to the 2020 Interim 
Financial Statements for further discussion on the measurement of ECL, in particular in light of the variety of 
measures, such as customer payment waivers, taken by the DNB Group to assist individuals and businesses 
manage the financial consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
The measurement of the expected credit loss under IFRS 9 involves increased complexity, and management must 
apply its professional judgement for many of the key assumptions used as input in the measurement. For stage 1 
and 2, see “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information” estimation uncertainty in the ECL 
calculation relates to the determination of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at 
default (EAD). This is both in terms of using historic data in the development and calibration of models and the 
judgement performed in relation to setting these parameters as part of the credit process. Furthermore, the 
determination of how to do the segmentation of the loan portfolio, the identification of relevant risk drivers for 
each segment and the forecasts for each of the risk drivers also create estimation uncertainty.  
Other areas with significant estimation uncertainty are the creation of multiple future economic scenarios, 
estimation of expected lifetime, determining if the criteria for default are satisfied and assessing significant 
increases in credit risk.  
For exposures in stage 3 where ECL is measured individually per customer, significant judgement is applied when 
determining assumptions used as input for the customer’s future cash flow and assumptions related to valuation 
of collateral, including the point in time when collateral is potentially taken over. The measurement of individual 
stage 3 exposures is not changed compared to IAS 39. The DNB Group has updated the methodology for 
estimating the expected credit loss (“ECL”) for credit-impaired financial instruments (stage 3) for customers with 
exposure above NOK 50 million. The purpose is to be able to better reflect the actual solutions under consideration 
for customers in financial difficulties. The new method increases the number of scenarios that need to be assessed. 
The ECL is estimated based on the weighted ECL of the different scenarios. The changes made in the updated 
methodology will not have a material impact on the Group’s ECL estimate. 
The DNB Group’s measurement model for impairment (ECL model) is described further in Note G6 to the 2021 
Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  
Repossession of assets 
Assets which are repossessed as part of the management of defaulted loans are recognised at fair value at the time 
of acquisition. Such assets are recognised in the balance sheet according to the nature of the asset. Any difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of the asset is presented within the line item 
“Impairment of financial instruments” in the income statement. Subsequent valuations and presentation of the 
impact to the income statement follow the principles for the relevant balance sheet item. 
Fair value of financial derivatives and other financial instruments 
Fair value is the price that would be received by selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value of financial instruments that are 
not traded in an active market is determined by using different valuation techniques. The DNB Group considers 
and chooses techniques and assumptions that as far as possible are based on observable market data representing 
the market conditions on the balance sheet date. When measuring financial instruments for which observable 
market data are not available, the DNB Group makes assumptions regarding what market participants would use 
as the basis for valuing similar financial instruments. The valuations require application of significant judgment 
when calculating liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility among others. Changes in these factors would affect the 
estimated fair value of the DNB Group’s financial instruments. For more information see Note G29 Financial 
instruments at fair value to 2021 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  
Income taxes, including deferred tax assets and uncertain tax liabilities 
The DNB Group is subject to income taxes in a number of jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in 
determining the consolidated financial statements, including assessments of recognised deferred tax assets and 
uncertain tax liabilities.

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that the DNB Group will have future taxable income 
against which they can be utilized. Extensive assessments must be made to determine the amount which can be 
recognised, included the expected time of utilization, the level of profits computed for tax purposes as well as 
strategies for tax planning and the existence of taxable temporary differences. There will be uncertainty related to 
the final tax liability for many transactions and calculations. The banking group recognises liabilities related to 
the future outcome of tax disputes based on estimates of changed income taxes. When assessing the recognition 
of uncertain tax liabilities it is considered if the liability is probable. If the final outcome of the tax disputes 
deviates from the amounts recognised in the balance sheet, the deviations will impact the income tax expense in 
the income statement for the applicable period. 
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with associated 
transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were prepared in 2018, it 
was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring did not agree with the 
Norwegian Tax Administration’s interpretation of the original wording of the law. Based on an overall assessment, 
the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a tax income of NOK 880 million for the 
DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded a larger tax deduction than the tax effect 
recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring received a final decision concerning a change 
in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, 
Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised 
in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter 
is uncertain and may result in either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group 
accounts. If DNB Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax 
expense of NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018. 
For further information on taxes, see Note P24 Taxes to the financial statements for 2021 incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DNB GROUP 
Overview 
The DNB Group is Norway’s largest financial services group in terms of total assets, with total assets of NOK 
2,919 billion as of 31 December 2021 and NOK 2,919 billion as of 31 December 2020. The Bank and its 
subsidiaries offer corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in Norway and 
internationally. The Bank is the largest company in the DNB Group. As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group 
had loans to customers of NOK 1,744 billion compared to NOK 1,694 billion as of 31 December 2020. The DNB 
Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was NOK 25.4 billion, compared to NOK 19.8 billion for 
the year ended 31 December 2020.  
The DNB Group’s head office is located in Oslo. DNB Bank ASA conducts its banking operations through the 
Bank and its subsidiaries and offers life insurance and pension saving products and asset management services 
through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS, as set forth 
below in “—Legal Structure of the DNB Group”. The DNB Group offers a full range of financial services, 
including loans, savings and investment, payment transfers, advisory services, real estate broking, insurance and 
pension products for personal and corporate customers. The Bank is among the world’s leading banks within its 
international priority areas, especially the energy, shipping and seafood sectors. The Bank offers a wide range of 
services through Norway’s largest distribution network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking (7am to 
11pm), digital banking, mobile banking solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking 
in stores. The DNB Group has a physical presence in 16 countries. The Bank wholly owns DNB Boligkreditt AS, 
a company which provides loans secured by residential property for up to 75.0 per cent. of the property’s appraised 
value. DNB Boligkreditt is licenced to operate as a mortgage institution with the right to issue covered bonds and 
has a key role in ensuring the DNB Group’s long-term funding. 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had approximately 2.1 million private customers and 231,000 corporate 
customers. 
Recent and Planned Changes 
The DNB Group is working continuously to streamline its distribution network and facilitate self-service 
solutions. The number of active mobile banking users increased from 800,000 (as of the fourth quarter of 2017) 
and passed one million active users in the beginning of 2021. As a result of new technology and digital services, 
the DNB Group’s customers use the Bank in different ways. While the use of digital services has significantly 
increased in recent years, there has been a prolonged decline in the number of visitors to the Bank’s branch offices. 
In November 2020, together with SpareBank 1, the Bank made a strategic acquisition of Uni Micro AS, one of 
Norway’s leading players in enterprise resource planning and accounting systems. Uni Micro will be the system 
provider of the new version of the DNB Group’s accounting app, DNB Regnskap. The acquisition will strengthen 
the Bank’s efforts relating to digital systems for accounting and financial management, and lead to a highly 
flexible accounting solution that will be relevant for the entire small and medium-sized enterprises market in 
Norway. The transaction was approved by the Ministry of Finance in September 2021 and completed by the end 
of that month. Uni Micro AS was acquired by Bank og Regnskap Holding AS, a private limited liability company 
in which the Bank has a 60 per cent. indirect ownership share, with the other 40 per cent. owned by Sparebank 1. 
On 30 June 2021, the Bank’s associated company, Vipps, signed a merger agreement with the Danish company, 
MobilePay, and the Finnish bank OP Cooperative’s digital wallet, Pivo, to create a joint digital wallet. The merger 
will enable cross-border mobile payments and better solutions for people and businesses in Denmark, Finland and 
Norway. The transaction is subject to the approval of the relevant authorities, such as the European Commission.  
In the first quarter of 2021, the Bank announced that it intended to withdraw from Poland, by gradually reducing 
its activity there. This process is expected to take several years. In the first quarter of 2021, the increase in

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
operating expenses was partly due to non-recurring restructuring expenses in relation to the withdrawal. There 
will most likely be additional expenses occurring over time.  
In June 2021, the DNB Group launched its revitalised sustainability strategy. Sustainability is integrated into all 
parts of the DNB Group’s business operations and supports the DNB Group’s strategic ambitions to create the 
best customer experiences, ensure compliance and deliver on financial targets. The DNB Group will be a driving 
force for sustainable transition, and use its position and expertise to actively help the customers to move in a more 
sustainable direction, through advisory services, financing and clear requirements. The DNB Group will primarily 
use positive influence, but may also choose not to provide financing to certain companies or industries that are 
not in line with our strategy. The DNB Group’s sustainable strategy focuses on three priority areas: 
1. The DNB Group finances the climate transition and is a driving force for sustainable value creation. 
2. The DNB Group is a driving force for diversity and inclusion. 
3. The DNB Group combats financial crime and contributes to a secure digital economy. 
On 15 April 2021, the Bank announced that the Bank has reached an agreement with Sbanken ASA (“Sbanken”) 
to launch a recommended voluntary cash tender offer for 100 per cent. of the shares of Sbanken. Sbanken was 
established in 2000 as the first pure-play digital bank in Norway and was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange in 
2015. Today, Sbanken is one of the leading digital retail banks in Norway with 476,000 retail customers at 31 
December 2020.  
On 17 June 2021, the final result of the offer was announced in which the Bank received acceptances of the offer 
for a total of 81.3 per cent. of the outstanding shares and votes in Sbanken.  
The transaction is subject to approvals from the Ministry of Finance and the Norwegian Competition Authority 
(the “NCA”). On 1 July 2021, the Ministry of Finance approved the contemplated acquisition of Sbanken. On 16 
November 2021, the NCA announced that it had rejected the contemplated acquisition, noting that the acquisition 
would reduce competition within distribution of mutual funds. On 3 December 2021, DNB appealed the decision 
to the Norwegian Competition Tribunal (the “NCT”).  
On 16 March 2022, the NCT repealed the NCA’s decision, noting that there was no basis on which to reject the 
contemplated acquisition. The NCT’s decision is final and may not be challenged by the NCA. Settlement of the 
offer will take place no later than 30 March 2022. Following settlement of the offer, the Bank will hold 
approximately 91.2% of the shares and votes in Sbanken and intends to carry out a compulsory acquisition of the 
remaining shares in Sbanken pursuant to Section 4-25 of the Public Limited Liability Companies Act. The 
acquisition will have an immediate effect of reducing the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group by approximately 120 
basis points. 
The DNB Group believes that the acquisition of Sbanken will further strengthen its position within retail banking 
in its home market. Should the acquisition of Sbanken be completed, it is estimated that the DNB Group’s market 
share in the Norwegian mortgage market will increase from approximately 24 per cent. to approximately 27 per 
cent.History of the Bank 
The Bank traces its roots back to 1822, when Norway’s first savings bank, Christiana Sparebank, was founded. 
The Bank was formed through mergers of several Norwegian banks. The name DnB NOR Bank ASA was adopted 
in 2003, when DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA merged. The bank subsidiaries of DnB Holding 
ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA, Den norske Bank ASA and Gjensidige NOR Sparebank ASA, respectively, 
merged on 19 January 2004. 
On 11 November 2011, the Bank changed its name from DnB NOR Bank ASA to DNB Bank ASA. On the same 
date, several other DNB Group companies changed their names, including the holding company of the DNB 
Group, which changed its name from DnB NOR ASA to DNB ASA.

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
On 30 September 2019, the Bank completed the sale of part of its ownership interest in Luminor, a financial 
institution headquartered in Estonia, with branches in Latvia and Lithuania. The sale was made to a consortium 
led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. As of 31 December 2021, the Bank holds a 19.95 per cent. 
stake in Luminor Holding A/S through its wholly owned subsidiary DNB Baltic Invest AB. 
As described in further detail below, as of 1 July 2021, the merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA was 
completed, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company. 
The registered office of the Bank is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway and its telephone 
number is +47 915 04800. The Bank is incorporated as a public limited company (in Norwegian: 
allmennaksjeselskap) under the Norwegian Act on Commercial Banks of 24 May 1961 No. 2 (which was replaced 
by the Financial Institutions Act from 1 January 2016). 
The Merger  
Introduction 
On 21 October 2020, the Board of Directors of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA signed a joint merger plan, in 
which it was proposed that the companies’ extraordinary General Meetings approve a merger of the two 
companies through a reverse subsidiary merger, involving the transfer of all DNB ASA’s assets, rights and 
obligations to DNB Bank ASA. The joint merger plan was approved at the General Meeting of each company on 
30 November 2020 and the merger was effective as of 1 July 2021. 
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021.  
Background and reasons for the merger 
The merger is expected to provide a number of financial and corporate governance benefits for the DNB Group, 
as described below. 
Lower funding costs  
On 18 December 2020, the NFSA announced that MREL eligible debt should be issued from DNB ASA rather 
than the Bank. Changing the DNB Group structure to make the Bank the parent company of the DNB Group 
enables the Bank to issue MREL debt, which is expected to provide lower funding costs in the short-term 
compared to a situation where DNB ASA were to issue MREL eligible debt. The lower funding costs are partly 
due to the fact that a funding structure of this kind will provide a simplified debt and capital structure, and the fact 
that the Bank is a better-known operator in the market.  
Corporate governance 
The Bank was the dominant entity in the DNB Group and, as the parent company, will give the shareholders and 
the Board of Directors a more direct and formal influence over the key business operations of the DNB Group. 
Administrative and cost-related considerations 
As a result of the holding model, DNB ASA was required to prepare monthly, quarterly and annual accounts, as 
well as to carry out other comprehensive public reporting, on a consolidated basis. It is expected that a group 
structure with the Bank as parent company will result in lower costs and a faster process for providing the 
Management, the Board of Directors and the market with accounting information.

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
Completion of the merger 
Overview 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the merger has been completed and all shares in DNB ASA have been transferred 
to the Bank and distributed as consideration to the shareholders of DNB ASA. As a result, there was no capital 
increase in the Bank in connection with the merger. Further, the listing of the shares in DNB ASA on Oslo Børs 
has been conducted through the listing of the shares in the Bank. No additional consideration was delivered or 
distributed as part of the merger. 
DNB ASA and the Bank had issued an equal number of shares and, therefore, shareholders of DNB ASA received 
one share in the Bank for each share they owned in DNB ASA on the date of the merger. The shares in the Bank 
provide shareholder rights equal to the shares in DNB ASA.  
The merger has been implemented in accordance with the provisions of chapter 13 of the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act and chapter 12 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. The merger plan is 
governed by Norwegian law. 
The merger has not had and will not have any impact on the overall strategy and objectives of the Bank and the 
DNB Group. Furthermore, the merger has not resulted and will not result in any significant changes in the business 
operations and principal activities of the Bank and the DNB Group, nor in the products and services offered by 
the Bank and the DNB Group.  
The completion of the merger was registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises after close of 
trading on Oslo Børs on 1 July 2021, and trading in DNB ASA’s shares was carried out until close of trading on 
that date. Trading in DNB Bank ASA’s shares on Oslo Børs has taken place from and including 2 July 2021. 
As of the date of the merger, the shares in the Bank were listed on Oslo Børs under the ISIN NO 001 0161896 
with ticker “DNB”.  
Dilution 
The completion of the merger did not result in any dilution of the shareholders’ ownership in DNB ASA. 
Shareholders of DNB ASA received one share in the Bank for each share they owned in DNB ASA on the date 
of the merger. Each share carries one vote.  
Board of Directors and Management of the Bank 
The Board of Directors in the Bank with effect from the date of the merger are further described in “Management—
Board of Directors”. 
No changes have been made to the management of the Bank as a consequence of the completion of the merger.  
Consequences for employees 
From the effective date of the merger, the employment relationships in DNB ASA were transferred to the Bank 
on equal terms. 
No measures relating to the employees of the Bank are planned in connection with the merger. 
Accounting and tax implementation of the merger 
The merger was implemented with accounting and tax continuity. Shares of the Bank that were owned by DNB 
ASA have been issued as merger consideration to the shareholders of DNB ASA, and there has therefore been no

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
capital increase in the Bank as a result of the merger. No additional consideration has been paid. As part of the 
merger, DNB ASA’s ownership of the fully owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset 
Management AS, as well as the 35 per cent. ownership interest in Fremtind Forsikring AS, have been transferred 
to the Bank to maintain continuity in the accounts of the parent company.  
From the Merger Effective Date, the DNB Group, with DNB Bank ASA as the parent company, has prepared 
consolidated financial statements for the DNB Group. Comparative figures for the DNB Group after the Merger 
Effective Date are based on the principle of continuity, and will thus correspond to the historical consolidated 
financial statements of DNB ASA, together with its subsidiaries, as of and for the financial years prior to the 
Merger Effective Date. 
The merger has been implemented with fiscal continuity in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Norwegian Taxation 
Act, meaning that tax positions and the time of acquisition for the assets, rights and obligations of DNB ASA have 
been continued in the Bank. This means that the merger will not trigger taxation in Norway for either of the 
merging companies. 
Special rights and benefits 
Members of the Board of Directors of the management of either DNB ASA or the Bank have not and will not 
accrue any special right or benefit as a result of the merger, pursuant to section 13-6 (1) 6 of the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act.  
Costs 
The costs in connection with the merger were covered in full by the Bank.  
Disinvestments 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is not aware of any material disinvestments such as material sales of 
subsidiaries or any major lines of business operations following the completion of the merger, nor any material 
cancellations of future investments or disinvestments previously announced.  
Conflicts of interest 
The Bank is not aware of any conflicts of interests of the Bank, DNB ASA nor any of the companies’ shareholders 
in respect of the merger.  
The business model and strategic priority areas for the DNB Group have not been and will not be subject to any 
changes in connection with the merger.  
Legal Structure of the DNB Group 
All asset management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset Management 
Holding AS. DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products, both products with 
guaranteed returns and products with a choice of investment profile. Banking activities are conducted by the Bank 
and its subsidiaries. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, DNB Bank ASA is the parent company of the DNB Group. The Bank manages 
the general affairs of the DNB Group, including the planning, supervision and financial control of the DNB 
Group’s businesses. 
The chart below shows the DNB Group’s legal structure following the completion of the merger. The figures 
includes the major subsidiaries of the DNB Group.

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
 
Control of the Issuer 
As of the date of this Prospectus, DNB Bank ASA is the parent company of the DNB Group. DNB Bank ASA is 
listed on the regulated market of Oslo Børs and is subject to disclosure requirements under Norwegian law 
applicable to listed companies, as well as the reputation of the Oslo Børs. In addition, there are statutory measures 
whose objectives are to prevent abuse of control in place under the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies 
Act. The Financial Institutions Act imposes stricter rules for banks. The Norwegian Ministry of Finance must 
assess and approve all shareholders that own or acquire a qualified amount (usually 10 per cent. or more) of shares 
in a financial undertaking.  
Strategy, Vision and Values 
The DNB Group’s long-term ambitions as set out in its corporate strategy, launched in the summer of 2020, are 
to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and achieve its financial targets.  
Creating the Best Customer Experiences 
In a market with increasingly transparent and open value chains, strong customer relationships are crucial in order 
to retain DNB Group’s customers and ensure continued profitability. The DNB Group aims to create the best 
customer experiences so that customers choose DNB and to ensure that customer relationships are maintained. 
Sustainable restructuring is increasingly important to achieve competitiveness in the business sector. The DNB 
Group’s customers have high expectations of how sustainability is integrated into DNB’s advisory services, 
products, and financing solutions. 
Ensure Compliance 
New national and international rules and legislation are constantly being adopted and applied to the financial 
services industry. At the same time, the expectations from the DNB Group’s customers and owners are increasing, 
especially in relation to sustainability topics, such as climate issues and environmental, social and governance 
factors. The DNB Group aims to secure long-term value creation and responsible operations by maintaining a 
high level of compliance expertise, as well as by thoroughly and systematically refining corporate governance and 
controls. All of the DNB Group’s employees and others who work on the DNB Group’s behalf must understand 
their scope of action and work towards a strong culture of compliance. By ensuring compliance, the DNB Group 
believes it will build and retain the trust of the DNB Group’s customers, owners and society in general. 
Deliver on Financial Targets 
The DNB Group aims to achieve good, long-term returns. Delivering on financial targets provides the necessary 
scope of action to position the DNB Group for the future, while ensuring long-term value creation. The DNB

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
Group aims to do this by focusing on earnings, a responsible cost level, effective capital use, integration of 
sustainability throughout the company, and an adaptable and effective organisation.  
In February 2020, the DNB Group reaffirmed its financial ambitions for the period leading up to 2023. A return 
on equity of more than 12 per cent. remains the DNB Group’s overriding target. The DNB Group aims to deliver 
more, with fewer resources, and develop products and services that are more relevant. This will help the DNB 
Group to deliver the return that shareholders expect, and to stay competitive when the DNB Group encounters 
new competitors. 
DNB Group Operational Structure 
The DNB Group’s operational structure enables it to quickly and effectively adapt to changes in customer 
behaviour, and to develop products and services that meet customer needs. 
The chart below sets forth the operational structure of the DNB Group as of the date of this Prospectus:  
 
 
The business areas consist of the customer areas, Personal Banking and Corporate Banking, and the product areas, 
Wealth Management, Markets and Payments & Innovation.  
Personal Banking serves the DNB Group’s more than 2 million personal customers and is the market leader in the 
Norwegian personal customer market. Customers are offered a wide range of services through a modern 
distribution network which includes mobile solutions, customer service centres and online banking, as well as 
branch offices and real estate broking. Corporate Banking serves the DNB Group’s corporate customers and 
includes the DNB Group’s customers in the Norwegian business community and public sector, as well as all 
international customers and financial institutions. 
DNB Markets is one of Norway’s leading investment firms and provides the DNB Group’s customers with 
investment banking services, including risk management, investment and financing products in the capital 
markets. The Wealth Management product area is responsible for developing the DNB Group’s savings, 
investment and pension products, and delivers defined-contribution pension schemes to all our customers in close 
cooperation with the customer areas. Wealth Management is also responsible for all the DNB Group’s mutual 
fund products.

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
The Payment & Innovation product area is focused on strategic business development and is responsible for three 
Group functions: innovation, payments (including associated infrastructure) and Open Banking, which works on 
opening up the DNB Group’s infrastructure to allow third-party service providers to access DNB Group data in 
order to provide services to DNB Group customers. 
The DNB Group’s six staff and support units are Group Finance, Group Compliance, Group Risk Management, 
Technology & Services, People, and Communications. These units provide infrastructure services to the business 
areas and certain operational tasks that provide cost efficiencies if undertaken collectively for several business 
areas. Furthermore, the staff and support units perform functions for the governing bodies and management of the 
DNB Group. The size and capacity of the support units is a function of the volume of business and the DNB 
Group’s strategy. The support units are each designated as separate and independent entities.  
DNB Group Reporting Structure – Business Segments 
Financial governance in the DNB Group is adapted to the different segments. The income statements and balance 
sheets for the segments are presented in accordance with internal financial reporting principles, according to which 
revenues, costs and capital requirements are allocated to the segments based on a number of assumptions. 
Reported figures for the different segments thus reflect the DNB Group’s total sales of products and services to 
the relevant segments. The follow-up of total customer relationships and segment profitability are two important 
dimensions when making strategic priorities and deciding on where to allocate the DNB Group’s resources. 
With effect from the first quarter of 2020, the DNB Bank Group changed the composition of its reportable 
segments, as the Small and medium-sized enterprises and Large corporates and international customers were 
combined into the reportable segment Corporate customers. Comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 
2019 have been adjusted accordingly.  
A description of the DNB Group’s business segments for financial reporting purposes as of the date of this 
Prospectus is set out below. 
Personal Customers 
This segment includes the DNB Group’s approximately 2.1 million personal customers in Norway as of the date 
of this Prospectus. The customers are offered a wide range of services through Norway’s largest distribution 
network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking (7am to 11pm), digital banking, mobile banking solutions, 
real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking in stores.  
Personal Customers includes the DNB Group’s total sales of products and services to personal customers in 
Norway, both digital and physical, with the exception of certain fixed interest residential mortgages, which are 
recorded under Traditional pension products. These mortgage portfolios were transferred to DNB Livsforsikring 
to reduce the balance sheet of the DNB Group, and are reported as part of traditional pension products, where 
returns accrue to the policyholders.  
The DNB Group is working to adapt products, service concepts and cost levels to the banking market of the future. 
In response to a higher self-service ratio, staff levels have been reduced and approximately half of the domestic 
branches were closed over the last few years. As at 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had 56 domestic branches 
left. The Bank will continue streamlining its branch structure to reflect changes in both markets and regulations 
and in line with the DNB Group’s commitment to digitalisation, cost reductions and the build-up of Tier 1 capital 
through higher retained profits. 
In the DNB Group’s consolidated financial statements, the residential loan portfolio of DNB Boligkreditt is 
reported as part of the Personal customers. The remaining part of the DNB Boligkreditt business is reported as 
part of Other operations. Loans to customers booked in DNB Boligkreditt as of 31 December 2021 amounted to 
NOK 689.1 billion.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
DNB Eiendom is reported within Personal Customers and is Norway’s largest real estate broker. The company 
offers services related to the sale of residential and holiday properties and housing projects, as well as advisory 
services in connection with the sale of other real estate. DNB Eiendom has experienced strong growth in market 
share and turnover and at the date of this prospectus, DNB Eiendom had 127 sales offices across Norway 
(including five franchise offices). 
Corporate Banking 
On 23 September 2019, the business areas Small and Medium-Sized Businesses and Large Corporates and 
International were merged to a new business area Corporate Banking. The rationale behind the organisational 
merger was to provide more consistent and comprehensive service to corporate customers. The segment includes 
the DNB Group’s Norwegian corporate customers, the public sector, all international customers and financial 
institutions. The DNB Group’s ambition is to maintain a leading position in Norway and strengthen its operations 
internationally within selected industries for its largest customers, while strengthening initiatives in the small and 
medium-sized corporate customer and start-up sectors. This change to the DNB Group’s composition of reportable 
segments took effect from 1 January 2020.  
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises  
Prior to the end of 2019, this segment was responsible for product sales and advisory services to small and 
medium-sized enterprises in Norway. The Bank aspires to be a local bank for the whole of Norway, while offering 
the products and expertise of a large bank. Customers in this segment range from small businesses and start-up 
companies to relatively large corporate customers, and the product offerings are adapted to the customers’ 
different needs. Small and medium-sized enterprises are served through the DNB Group’s physical distribution 
network throughout Norway as well as digital and telephone banking (7am to 11pm).  
The needs of companies are rapidly becoming more digital. Changes in customer behaviour, combined with 
increasing digitalisation, mean that customers with straightforward needs can be served well and more efficiently 
through the bank’s digital channels. 
For reporting purposes, this segment includes the DNB Group’s total sales of products and services to small and 
medium-sized enterprises in Norway.  
Large Corporates and International 
Prior to the end of 2019, this segment included the Bank’s largest Norwegian corporate customers, public sector 
and international customers, including all customer segments in Poland.  
Large Corporates and International serves large corporate customers in Norway and is responsible for the DNB 
Group’s international operations, including the service of local customers in Poland. Long-term customer 
relationships based on sound industry and product expertise are key to the success of this business area. 
International initiatives are based on expertise within the business area’s strategic priority areas, which are 
shipping, energy and seafood.  
The Large Corporates and International business area serves Norwegian customers through central customer 
service departments, financial services and business centres and regional offices in Norway, as well as through 
the DNB Group’s telephone and Internet banks. In addition, the DNB Group’s corporate clients are offered 
services internationally through offices and branches in several countries around the world.  
Other operations  
Other operations includes the results from risk management in DNB Markets and from traditional pension 
products in DNB Livsforsikring. In addition, the other operations segment includes group items not allocated to 
the customer segments, such as market-making and other trading activities in fixed income, currencies and

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
commodities (FICC) as well as equities, including risk management of the risk inherent in customer transactions. 
Markets’ trading activities support the customer activities.  
Competition 
The DNB Group operates in highly competitive markets, particularly for residential mortgages, which is the 
principal product of its Personal Customers segment. The DNB Group’s competitors include, among others, 
Nordea, SEB, Danske Bank, Svenska Handelsbanken and the different Norwegian Saving Banks. The emergence 
of services that facilitate price comparisons of banking services and products, as well as making it easier to change 
banks, promotes competition between financial services providers and gives customers better and less costly 
services. The revised Payment Services Directive, which applies in the European Union as of 13 January 2018 
and was implemented in Norwegian law from 1 April 2019, has led and is expected by the DNB Group 
Management to continue to lead to further innovation, competition and development of payment services. See 
also “Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Group’s Business—Competition in Norway and in the 
international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have a negative effect on the DNB Group’s 
business”.  
The following table sets out Norwegian lending and deposit market shares of the DNB Group as of 31 December 
2021, 2020 and 2019.  
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(per cent.) 
Personal customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to households(1)(2) ............................. 
24.5 
23.0 
23.5 
Bank deposits from households(1)(3) .................... 
28.7 
28.6 
28.6 
Corporate customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to corporate customers(4) .................. 
10.8 
10.7 
11.4 
Deposits from corporate customers .................... 
36.7 
36.5 
36.7 
Sources: Statistics Norway, DNB 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Households are defined as employees, recipients of property income, pensions and social contributions, students etc., housing 
cooperatives etc., unincorporated enterprises within households and non-profit institutions serving households. 
(2) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings banks, state banks, 
insurance companies and finance companies. 
(3) 
Domestic commercial and savings banks. 
(4) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings banks, state banks, 
insurance companies, finance companies and foreign institutions, as well as bonds and commercial paper. Excluding loans to 
financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
(5) 
Excluding deposits from financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
Employees 
The DNB Group believes its employees are its most important resource in developing and maintaining good 
customer relationships and creating value. Ethics are emphasized in all parts of the organisation and are viewed 
as key to maintaining trust from the outside world. Ethics and anti-corruption are organised under the DNB 
Group’s compliance unit. A particularly important task is to implement ongoing measures aimed at all employees 
in Norway and in the organisation’s international operations to ensure the right attitudes across the DNB Group. 
Based on a risk-based approach, the purpose is to implement targeted initiatives in those parts of the organisation 
which are deemed to be most exposed to ethical challenges and corruption risk. Training and other activities are 
tailored to give units and employees the best possible and most relevant assistance.

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group had 9,410 full-time employees, an increase from 9,050 employees as 
of 31 December 2020 and 8,617 employees as of 31 December 2019.  
Information Technology 
With effect from 23 December 2019, IT and Operations is no longer a separate support unit within the DNB 
Group. IT development resources have been incorporated into the Bank’s business areas to strengthen its focus 
on digital customer channels and ensure good digital customer experiences. 
Group-wide IT services and operations were transferred to a new support unit called Technology & Services. This 
unit will also strengthen the DNB Group’s work with safety, compliance and stable operations.  
Insurance 
DNB Group’s insurance program is an integral part of its operational risk management. The DNB Group enters 
into insurance contracts to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in spite of 
established security routines and other risk-mitigating measures. The DNB Group has a broad-based insurance 
program that includes, among other things, coverage relating to professional indemnity (PI), directors and officers 
liability (D&O), and property and criminal attacks (internal and external fraud and crime, including “bankers 
blanket bond and computer crime/cyber risk”). 
Real Property 
The Bank’s principal executive offices are located in Oslo, Norway. It also operates through a number of other 
offices and branches located throughout the Nordic markets and elsewhere internationally. The Bank does not 
own any material real property. 
Litigation 
Due to its extensive operations in Norway and abroad, the DNB Group will regularly be party to a number of legal 
actions. None of the current disputes are expected to have any material impact on the DNB Group’s financial 
position.  
The Norwegian Consumer Council filed in 2016 a class action against DNB Asset Management, at the time, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of DNB ASA, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, offering asset management 
services, where it claimed compensation for up to NOK 690 million on behalf of 180,000 investors in three funds 
managed by DNB Asset Management based on allegations that the funds were charging high fees for active 
management but were simply tracking an index. The main hearing of the merits of the case took place in the Oslo 
City Court over a three-week period from 20 November 2017. On 12 January 2018 the Oslo City Court ruled in 
favour of DNB Asset Management, rejecting the Norwegian Consumer Council’s claim. The verdict was appealed 
on 12 February 2018. On 9 May 2019 the Borgarting Court of Appeal ruled against DNB Asset Management and 
awarded the investors a total compensation of approximately NOK 350 million. DNB Asset Management 
appealed the verdict to the Supreme Court. On 28 February 2020, the Supreme Court upheld the Court of Appeal’s 
ruling and ordered DNB Asset Management to pay compensation to investors of approximately NOK 350 million. 
The decision is final. Media attention related to the matter has, to some extent, had a negative reputational effect. 
On 28 November 2019, Økokrim (the Norwegian National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of 
Economic and Environmental Crime) announced that it had initiated an investigation of DNB regarding the 
Icelandic fisheries company Samherji. Samherji has been accused of money laundering and corruption in 
connection with the company’s activities in Namibia. Økokrim carried out a thorough investigation of DNB’s role 
in the Samherji case. The police dropped the case against DNB on 11 February 2021, after DNB had disclosed all 
relevant information. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published a report from December 2020 regarding the Samherji 
matter. The incidents covered by the NFSA in the Samherji case are time-barred or date to a period that was 
covered under the previous anti-money laundering act and are therefore not sanctionable under the current law.

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
DNB’s anti-money laundering efforts have since been significantly intensified. DNB acknowledges that there 
were shortcomings related to customer due diligence in the six companies as noted by the NFSA in connection 
with the Samherji case. The Bank’s own investigations have uncovered the same shortcomings that the NFSA 
points to.  
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 7 December 2020, DNB announced that a preliminary report from the NFSA indicated 
the possibility of an administrative fine of NOK 400 million, due to inadequate compliance with the Norwegian 
Anti-Money Laundering Act. On 3 May 2021, NFSA published its final report and a resolution related to this case 
(both dated 30 April 2021), confirming that the fine was imposed. DNB has already recognised the total fine in 
its annual financial statements for 2020. DNB has not been under suspicion of money laundering or complicity in 
money laundering. However, in its report of 30 April 2021 the NFSA was critical of DNB’s compliance with the 
AML regulations and remediation of weaknesses identified in prior inspections. The NFSA has also indicated that 
certain findings of this review will form part of its further monitoring of the Bank to ensure that identified instances 
of non-compliance are addressed. DNB spends considerable resources in the battle against money laundering. 
Nevertheless, DNB acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had not given sufficient results at the 
time of the inspection, and DNB therefore announced the same day that it accepted the fine.  
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with associated 
transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were prepared in 2018, it 
was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring did not agree with the 
Norwegian Tax Administration’s interpretation of the original wording of the law. Based on an overall assessment, 
the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a tax income of NOK 880 million for the 
DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded a larger tax deduction than the tax effect 
recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring received a final decision concerning a change 
in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, 
Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised 
in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter 
is uncertain and may result in either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group 
accounts. If DNB Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax 
expense of NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018.

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL DATA 
The information below is derived from the Bank’s consolidated financial information and should be read in 
conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, 
as well as with “Selected Consolidated Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations”.  Financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 is presented with comparative financial information as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 on a 
post-merger basis and has been extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements. Financial information as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 is presented with comparative financial information as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 on a pre-merger basis and has been extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements.   
Return on Equity and Economic Capital  
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021(1) 
2020(1) 
2020(2) 
2019(2) 
 
(per cent.) 
Return on equity(3) .................................................................  
10.7 
8.4 
7.8 
11.1 
Return on allocated capital(4)  
 
 
 
 
Personal Customers .........................................................  
13.7 
13.2 
12.2 
14.2 
Small and medium-sized enterprises................................  
 
 
 
17.7 
Large Corporates and International................................  
 
 
 
11.6 
Corporate customers .......................................................  
16.1 
7.5 
7.1 
13.6 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. The figures presented in the 2021 Annual Financial 
Statements are not comparable to the figures extracted from the 2020 Annual Financial Statements. 
(2) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
(3) 
Return on equity represents the shareholders’ share of profit for the period to average equity. Average equity is calculated as the 
average of monthly end balances excluding additional Tier 1 capital and non-controlling interests. The figure is also presented as 
return on allocated capital for DNB Group in the financial statements. 
(4) 
Allocated capital for the segments is calculated based on the external capital adequacy requirement (Basel III) which must be met 
by the DNB Group. In consequence of stricter external capital requirements and the authorities’ signals of additional capital 
requirements for home mortgages, allocated capital to Personal customers were adjusted upwards in 2015.  
Loans and commitments – development in gross carrying amount and maximum exposure  
The following tables reconcile the opening and closing balances for gross carrying amount and the maximum 
exposure for loans to customers at amortized cost and financial commitments. Reconciling items include the 
following: 
• 
Transfers between stages due to significant changes in credit risk 
• 
Changes due to the de-recognition of loans and financial commitments during the period 
• 
Changes due to the origination of new financial instruments during the period 
• 
Exchange rate movements and other changes affecting the gross carrying amount and maximum exposure 
Summary Tables

--- Page 129 ---
120 
 
 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
Gross carrying amount year ended 31 December 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Stage 1 
1,566,150 
1,482,987 
1,500,233 
1,519,017 
Stage 2 
112,099 
137,450 
137,333 
88,291 
Stage 3 
30,453 
32,020 
32,006 
24,297 
Total 
1,708,702 
1,652,457 
1,669,563 
1,631,605 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Financial commitments 
Maximum exposure year ended 31 December 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Stage 1 
702,470 
657,434 
647,981 
617,345 
Stage 2 
30,054 
36,478 
36,478 
23,794 
Stage 3 
5,330 
6,024 
6,024 
3,343 
Total 
737,854 
699,937 
690,484 
644,482 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Gross carrying amount 
1,708,702 
1,652,457 
1,669,563 
1,631,605 
Stage 1 
(533) 
(765) 
(761) 
(305) 
Stage 2 
(749) 
(1,214) 
(1,213) 
(1,041) 
Stage 3 
(8,700) 
(12,039) 
(12,039) 
(8,904) 
Loans at fair value 
(46,202) 
55,372 
47,975 
(49,995) 
Loans as at 31 December 
1,744,922 
1,693,811 
1,703,524 
1,671,350 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial commitments 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Maximum exposure 
737,854 
699,937 
690,484 
644,482 
Stage 1 
(211) 
(284) 
(284) 
(146) 
Stage 2 
(330) 
(566) 
(566) 
(667) 
Stage 3 
(669) 
(601) 
(601) 
(543) 
Financial commitments as at 31 December  
736,645 
698,486 
(689,033) 
643,124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
 
 
DNB Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2020 
1,482,987  
137,450 
32,020 
1,652,457 
Transfer to stage 1 ..................................................... 
104,192 
(101,960) 
(2,232) 
 
Transfer to stage 2 ..................................................... 
(115,732) 
117,598 
(1,867) 
 
Transfer to stage 3 ..................................................... 
(3,418) 
(7,828) 
11,246 
 
Originated and purchased .......................................... 
463,222 
6,271 
1,447 
470,941

--- Page 130 ---
121 
 
De-recognition ........................................................... 
(359,494) 
(39,066) 
(10,168) 
(408,728)  
Exchange rate movements ......................................... 
(5,609) 
(366) 
7 
(5,968) 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2021(1) 
1,566,150 
112,099 
30,453 
1,708,702 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
On 1 January 2021, DNB introduced a new definition of default. According to the new definition, the maximum exposure 
relating to stage 3 customers in probation after default was NOK 1,747 million as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
 
 
DNB Bank Group(1) 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2019 .. 
1,519,017 
88,291 
24,297 
1,631,605 
Transfer to stage 1 ..................................................... 
124,100 
(122,532) 
(1,568) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 2 ..................................................... 
(223,662) 
227,209 
(3,548) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 3 ..................................................... 
(4,363) 
(18,364) 
22,726 
─ 
Originated and purchased .......................................... 
453,660 
17,727 
─ 
471,387 
De-recognition ........................................................... 
(378,385) 
(55,279) 
(9,724) 
(443,388) 
Exchange rate movements ......................................... 
9,854 
282 
(178) 
9,959 
Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 2020  
1,500,223 
137,333 
32,006 
1,669,563 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
DNB Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Maximum exposure as at 31 December 2020 ........ 
657,434 
36,478 
6,024 
699,937 
Transfer to stage 1 ..................................................... 
26,055 
(25,348) 
(706) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 2 ..................................................... 
(27,413) 
28,631 
(1,218) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 3 ..................................................... 
(449) 
(445) 
894 
─ 
Originated and purchased .......................................... 
479,454 
3,451 
336 
483,241 
De-recognition ........................................................... 
(430,467) 
(12,766) 
─  
(443,233) 
Exchange rate movements ......................................... 
(2,144) 
54 
─  
(2,091) 
Other .......................................................................... 
─ 
─ 
─ 
─ 
Maximum exposure as at 31 December 2021(1) ..... 
702,470 
30,054 
5,330 
737,854 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
On 1 January 2021, DNB introduced a new definition of default. According to the new definition, the maximum exposure 
relating to stage 3 customers in probation after default was NOK 153 million as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
DNB Bank Group(1) 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Maximum exposure as at 31 December 2019 ........ 
617,345 
23,794 
3,343 
644,482 
Transfer to stage 1 ..................................................... 
40,614 
(40,382) 
(233) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 2 ..................................................... 
(75,629) 
76,330 
(701) 
─ 
Transfer to stage 3 ..................................................... 
(1,553) 
(8,426) 
9,979 
─ 
Originated and purchased .......................................... 
427,525 
3,451 
─ 
430,975 
Derecognition ............................................................ 
(365,259) 
(18,486) 
(6,314) 
(390,058)

--- Page 131 ---
122 
 
Exchange rate movements ......................................... 
4,938 
197 
(51) 
5,084 
Other .......................................................................... 
─ 
─ 
─ 
─ 
Maximum exposure as at 31 December 2020 ........ 
647,981 
36,478 
6,024 
690,484 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Loans and Guarantees  
The tables below are based on IFRS 9 figures as of 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019. See “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information” for further information.  
Loans  
 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
DNB Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Loans at 
fair 
value 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management........................................  
78,430 
(11) 
(12) 
(100) 
28 
78,335 
Commercial real estate .......................  
209,241 
(98) 
(43) 
(255) 
63 
208,908 
Shipping .............................................  
36,060 
(40) 
(40) 
(167) 
 
35,813 
Oil, gas and offshore...........................  
49,821 
(55) 
(191) 
(4,980) 
 
44,595 
Power and renewables ........................  
41,096 
(28) 
(2) 
(505) 
 
40,561 
Healthcare ...........................................  
16,294 
(4) 
— 
 
 
16,290 
Public sector .......................................  
9,699 
(3) 
— 
— 
 
9,696 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ......  
56,772 
(36) 
(42) 
(107) 
102 
56,689 
Retail industries ..................................  
36,966 
(27) 
(26) 
(317) 
3 
36,599 
Manufacturing ....................................  
38,140 
(21) 
(17) 
(91) 
 
38,011 
Technology, media and telecom .........  
23,810 
(12) 
(5) 
(24) 
— 
23,769 
Services ..............................................  
75,411 
(52) 
(48) 
(658) 
17 
74,671 
Residential property............................  
106,354 
(34) 
(14) 
(145) 
203 
106,364 
Personal customers .............................  
857,957 
(65) 
(118) 
(335) 
45,777 
903,216 
Other corporate customers ..................  
72,651 
(48) 
(191) 
(1,016) 
10 
71,406 
Loans as at 31 December 2021(1)......  
1,708,702 
(533) 
(749) 
(8,700) 
46,202 
1,744,922 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Of which NOK 54,779 million in repo trading volumes.

--- Page 132 ---
123 
 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
DNB Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Loans at 
fair 
value 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management........................................  
72,151 
(17) 
(34) 
(353) 
 
71,747 
Commercial real estate .......................  
199,171 
(107) 
(56) 
(389) 
107 
198,726 
Shipping .............................................  
41,633 
(45) 
(227) 
(327) 
 
41,033 
Oil, gas and offshore...........................  
57,588 
(113) 
(224) 
(7,671) 
 
49,580 
Power and renewables ........................  
31,866 
(38) 
(4) 
(248) 
 
31,576 
Healthcare ...........................................  
16,857 
(4) 
(0) 
 
 
16,853 
Public sector .......................................  
11,764 
(16) 
(0) 
(0) 
 
11,748 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ......  
51,680 
(56) 
(68) 
(145) 
119 
51,531 
Retail industries ..................................  
35,653 
(29) 
(79) 
(430) 
16 
35,131 
Manufacturing ....................................  
37,539 
(37) 
(68) 
(132) 
 
37,303 
Technology, media and telecom .........  
25,325 
(23) 
(12) 
(15) 
3 
25,279 
Services ..............................................  
79,749 
(57) 
(111) 
(612) 
24 
78,993 
Residential property............................  
102,951 
(32) 
(22) 
(143) 
296 
103,050 
Personal customers .............................  
823,608 
(141) 
(141) 
(559) 
54,791 
877,556 
Other corporate customers ..................  
64,923 
(53) 
(166) 
(1,017) 
16 
63,703 
Loans as at 31 December 2020(1)......  
1,652,457 
(765) 
(1,214) 
(12,039) 
55,372 
1,693,811 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Of which NOK 54,166 million in repo trading volumes. 
 
 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Loans at 
fair 
value 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management........................................  
102,834 
(17) 
(34) 
(353) 
 
102,430 
Commercial real estate .......................  
188,048 
(103) 
(56) 
(389) 
107 
187,607 
Shipping .............................................  
41,633 
(45) 
(227) 
(327) 
 
41,033 
Oil, gas and offshore...........................  
57,588 
(113) 
(224) 
(7,671) 
 
49,580 
Power and renewables ........................  
31,866 
(38) 
(4) 
(248) 
 
31,576 
Healthcare ...........................................  
16,857 
(4) 
— 
 
 
16,853 
Public sector .......................................  
11,764 
(16) 
— 
— 
 
11,748 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ......  
51,680 
(56) 
(68) 
(145) 
119 
51,531 
Retail industries ..................................  
35,653 
(29) 
(79) 
(430) 
16 
35,131 
Manufacturing ....................................  
37,539 
(37) 
(68) 
(132) 
 
37,303 
Technology, media and telecom .........  
25,325 
(23) 
(12) 
(15) 
3 
25,279 
Services ..............................................  
79,749 
(57) 
(111) 
(612) 
24 
78,993

--- Page 133 ---
124 
 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Loans at 
fair 
value 
Total 
Residential property............................  
102,951 
(32) 
(22) 
(143) 
296 
103,050 
Personal customers .............................  
821,154 
(141) 
(141) 
(558) 
47,394 
867,708 
Other corporate customers ..................  
64,923 
(53) 
(166) 
(1,017) 
16 
63,703 
Loans as at 31 December 2020(1)(2)...  
1,669,563 
(761) 
(1,213) 
(12,039) 
47,975 1,703,524 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes NOK 54,166 million in repo trading volumes. 
(2)  
Figures extracted from the DNB Bank Group 2020 Annual Financial Statements. 
 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Accumulated impairment 
Amounts in NOK million 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Loans at 
fair 
value 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management........................................  
122,024 
(8) 
(8) 
(23) 
5 
121,991 
Commercial real estate .......................  
173,751 
(10) 
(37) 
(384) 
144 
173,464 
Shipping .............................................  
47,076 
(47) 
(94) 
(285) 
─ 
46,651 
Oil, gas and offshore...........................  
64,934 
(44) 
(376) 
(4,384) 
─ 
60,131 
Power and renewables ........................  
31,254 
(8) 
(3) 
(46) 
─ 
31,197 
Healthcare ...........................................  
20,989 
(7) 
(3) 
— 
─ 
20,979 
Public sector .......................................  
13,952 
(7) 
— 
— 
─ 
13,945 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ......  
41,198 
(6) 
(29) 
(143) 
161 
41,182 
Trade ...................................................  
40,551 
(10) 
(34) 
(457) 
58 
40,108 
Manufacturing ....................................  
42,216 
(21) 
(35) 
(204) 
19 
41,976 
Technology, media and telecom .........  
24,540 
(21) 
(6) 
(25) 
25 
24,513 
Services ..............................................  
72,108 
(24) 
(38) 
(847) 
191 
71,390 
Residential property............................  
89,719 
(6) 
(13) 
(121) 
362 
89,941 
Personal customers .............................  
781,089 
(72) 
(307) 
(641) 
48,962 
829,030 
Other corporate customers ..................  
66,203 
(17) 
(58) 
(1,345) 
69 
64,852 
Loans as at 31 December 2019 (1) .....  
1,631,605 
(305) 
(1,041) 
(8,904) 
49,995 
1,671,350 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Includes NOK 56,049 million in repo trading volumes

--- Page 134 ---
125 
 
Financial commitments 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank 
Group 
Accumulated impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Maximum 
exposure 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management ............................................ 
34,419 
(7) 
(1) 
— 
34,411 
Commercial real estate ............................ 
38,866 
(17) 
(3) 
(1) 
38,845 
Shipping .................................................. 
12,383 
(8) 
(3) 
 
12,373 
Oil, gas and offshore ............................... 
64,188 
(41) 
(150) 
(435) 
63,561 
Power and renewables ............................. 
46,641 
(16) 
(1) 
 
46,624 
Healthcare ............................................... 
30,630 
(5) 
— 
 
30,625 
Public sector ............................................ 
9,424 
— 
 
— 
9,424 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ........... 
23,302 
(14) 
(7) 
(12) 
23,269 
Retail industries ....................................... 
36,792 
(16) 
(5) 
(5) 
36,765 
Manufacturing ......................................... 
52,431 
(18) 
(16) 
(1) 
52,397 
Technology, media and telecom .............. 
20,026 
(7) 
(3) 
— 
20,015 
Services ................................................... 
28,705 
(20) 
(44) 
(6) 
28,635 
Residential property ................................ 
38,434 
(14) 
(2) 
(6) 
38,412 
Personal customers .................................. 
267,249 
(12) 
(16) 
— 
267,220 
Other corporate customers ...................... 
34,365 
(16) 
(78) 
(202) 
34,070 
Financial commitments as at  
31 December 2021 ................................. 
737,854 
 (211) 
(330) 
(669) 
736,645 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank 
Group 
Accumulated impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Maximum 
exposure 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio management 
37,166 
(10) 
(3) 
— 
37,153 
Commercial real estate .................................  
25,561 
(17) 
(2) 
(3) 
25,539 
Shipping .......................................................  
9,830 
(15) 
(14) 
(7) 
9,794 
Oil, gas and offshore ....................................  
47,598 
(70) 
(301) 
(294) 
46,933 
Power and renewables ..................................  
42,141 
(28) 
— 
 
42,112 
Healthcare ....................................................  
23,556 
(4) 
— 
 
23,553 
Public sector .................................................  
10,266 
— 
— 
 
10,266 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ................  
17,366 
(14) 
(6) 
(9) 
17,337 
Retail industries ............................................  
34,807 
(18) 
(37) 
(14) 
34,738 
Manufacturing ..............................................  
54,314 
(24) 
(61) 
(3) 
54,226 
Technology, media and telecom ...................  
20,871 
(8) 
(6) 
— 
20,857 
Services ........................................................  
28,780 
(19) 
(54) 
(21) 
28,687 
Residential property .....................................  
38,147 
(17) 
(2) 
(5) 
38,124

--- Page 135 ---
126 
 
Personal customers .......................................  
272,061 
(21) 
(11) 
0 
272,029 
Other corporate customers............................  
37,474 
(20) 
(69) 
(245) 
37,140 
Financial commitments as at  
31 December 2020.......................................  
699,937 
(284) 
(566) 
(601) 
698,486 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank 
Group 
Accumulated impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Maximum 
exposure 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management ............................................ 
27,712 
(10) 
(3) 
— 
27,700 
Commercial real estate ............................ 
25,561 
(17) 
(2) 
(3) 
25,539 
Shipping .................................................. 
9,830 
(15) 
(14) 
(7) 
9,794 
Oil, gas and offshore ............................... 
47,598 
(70) 
(301) 
(294) 
46,933 
Power and renewables ............................. 
42,141 
(28) 
— 
 
42,112 
Healthcare ............................................... 
23,556 
(4) 
— 
 
23,553 
Public sector ............................................ 
10,266 
— 
— 
 
10,266 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ........... 
17,366 
(14) 
(6) 
(9) 
17,337 
Retail industries ....................................... 
34,807 
(18) 
(37) 
(14) 
34,738 
Manufacturing ......................................... 
54,314 
(24) 
(61) 
(3) 
54,226 
Technology, media and telecom .............. 
20,871 
(8) 
(6) 
— 
20,857 
Services ................................................... 
28,780 
(19) 
(54) 
(22) 
28,687 
Residential property ................................ 
38,147 
(17) 
(2) 
(5) 
38,124 
Personal customers .................................. 
272,061 
(21) 
(11) 
— 
272,029 
Other corporate customers ...................... 
37,474 
(20) 
(69) 
(245) 
37,140 
Financial commitments as at  
31 December 2020 ................................. 
690,484 
(284) 
(566) 
(601) 
689,033 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank 
Group 
Accumulated impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Maximum 
exposure 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Bank, insurance and portfolio 
management ............................................ 
26,189 
(5) 
(1) 
— 
26,183 
Commercial real estate ............................ 
26,052 
(2) 
(1) 
(4) 
26,045 
Shipping .................................................. 
10,409 
(11) 
(30) 
 
10,368 
Oil, gas and offshore ............................... 
57,026 
(48) 
(463) 
(268) 
56,247 
Power and renewables ............................. 
28,403 
(5) 
(19) 
 
28,378 
Healthcare ............................................... 
29,100 
(8) 
— 
 
29,091 
Public sector ............................................ 
11,086 
— 
— 
 
11,085 
Fishing, fish farming and farming ........... 
17,835 
(2) 
— 
(6) 
17,826

--- Page 136 ---
127 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank 
Group 
Accumulated impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Maximum 
exposure 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Trade ....................................................... 
30,429 
(5) 
(17) 
(35) 
30,373 
Manufacturing ......................................... 
50,321 
(11) 
(32) 
(2) 
50,276 
Technology, media and telecom .............. 
16,138  
(10) 
(3) 
 
16,125 
Services ................................................... 
25,494 
(11) 
(16) 
(21) 
25,445 
Residential property ................................ 
33,412 
(2) 
(1) 
(3) 
33,405 
Personal customers .................................. 
241,498 
(14) 
(67) 
— 
241,416 
Other corporate customers ...................... 
41,089 
(10) 
(17) 
(203) 
40,859 
Financial commitments as at  
31 December 2019 ................................. 
644,482 
(146) 
(667) 
(543) 
643,124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Geographic distribution of net loans 
The DNB Group has its primary focus in Norway, with share of net loans to customers of 88.0 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021. 
Loan concentration 
As of 31 December 2021, the Bank’s 20 largest exposures were not material relative to total assets or net lending. 
Developments in write-offs and impairments in profit and loss 
The DNB Group recognised loans at amortized cost, net of impairment, except for fixed rate mortgage loans that 
are recognised at fair value.  
When a loss is considered final any previously recognised impairments on the balance sheet related to the 
commitment is reduced. This reduction is not recognised in the profit and loss statement. In the table below these 
write-offs are classified as “write-offs covered by individual impairments made in previous years”. 
Write-offs in excess of previously recognised impairments are classified as “write-offs” in the profit and loss 
statement. 
The tables below sets forth data for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, showing the profit and 
loss.  
DNB Group 
 
2021 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Originated and purchased .................................................  
(45) 
(3) 
 
(48) 
Increased expected credit loss ..........................................  
(694) 
(1,559) 
(4,123) 
(6,375) 
Decreased expected credit loss .........................................  
859 
2,070 
4,337 
7,266 
De-recognition ..................................................................  
187 
215 
80 
482 
Write-offs .........................................................................  
 
 
(611) 
(611) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off ......................  
 
 
155 
155 
Total impairment ............................................................  
307 
723 
(162) 
868

--- Page 137 ---
128 
 
 
DNB Group 
 
2020 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Originated and purchased .................................................  
(72) 
(17) 
 
(89) 
Increased expected credit loss ..........................................  
(1,755) 
(4,043) 
(12,631) 
(18,429) 
Decreased expected credit loss .........................................  
1,201 
3,996 
5,112 
10,309 
De-recognition ..................................................................  
30 
14 
76 
120 
Write-offs .........................................................................  
 
 
(1,949) 
(1,949) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off ......................  
 
 
119 
119 
Total impairment ............................................................  
(596) 
(50) 
(9,272) 
(9,918) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
 
2020 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Originated and purchased .................................................  
(72) 
(17) 
 
(89) 
Increased expected credit loss ..........................................  
(1,755) 
(4,043) 
(12,631) 
(18,429) 
Decreased expected credit loss .........................................  
1,201 
3,996 
5,112 
10,309 
De-recognition ..................................................................  
30 
14 
76 
120 
Write-offs .........................................................................  
 
 
(1,949) 
(1,949) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off ......................  
 
 
119 
119 
Total impairment ............................................................  
(596) 
(50) 
(9,272) 
(9,918) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
 
2019 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Originated and purchased 
(62) 
(5) 
 
(66) 
Increased expected credit loss 
(464) 
(2,071) 
(6,568) 
(9,103) 
Decreased expected credit loss 
539 
2,516 
4,381 
7,436 
De-recognition 
37 
85 
40 
162 
Write-offs 
 
(2) 
(755) 
(757) 
Recoveries on loans previously written off 
 
 
138 
138 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Total impairment ............................................................  
50 
523 
(2,765) 
(2,191) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the reporting period and are 
still subject to enforcement activity, was NOK 60 million as at 31 December 2021 (NOK 98 million as at 31 
December 2020).  
Developments in impairments on loans financial commitments 
The following table sets forth development in impairments of loans and financial commitments for the years ended 
31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021:

--- Page 138 ---
129 
 
Summary Tables 
 
 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Stage 1 
(533) 
(765) 
(761) 
(305) 
Stage 2 
(749) 
(1,214) 
(1,213) 
(1,041) 
Stage 3 
(8,700) 
(12,039) 
(12,039) 
(12,039) 
Total 
(9,982) 
(14,018) 
(14,013) 
(10,251) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DNB Group 
DNB Bank Group 
Financial commitments 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
Amounts in NOK million 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
Stage 1 
(211) 
(284) 
(284) 
(146) 
Stage 2 
(330) 
(566) 
(566) 
(667) 
Stage 3 
(669) 
(601) 
(601) 
(543) 
Total 
(1,209) 
(1,451) 
(1,451) 
(1,357) 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans 
 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
 
 
DNB Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2020(1) ..................................................................  
(765) 
(1,214) 
(12,039) 
(14,018) 
Transfer to stage 1 ...............................................  
(364) 
359 
5 
 
Transfer to stage 2 ...............................................  
185 
(212) 
27 
 
Transfer to stage 3 ...............................................  
2 
78 
(80) 
 
Originated and purchased ....................................  
(312) 
(130) 
 
(441) 
Increased expected credit loss .............................  
(350) 
(1,022) 
(3,908) 
(5,280) 
Decreased (reversed) expected credit loss ...........  
(878) 
(926) 
4,036 
5,840 
Write-offs ............................................................  
 
 
(3,192) 
3,192 
De-recognition (including repayments) ...............  
188 
466 
80 
733 
Exchange rate movements ...................................  
6 
(1) 
(12) 
(7) 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2021(1) ..................................................................  
(533) 
(749) 
(8,700) 
(9,982) 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
On 1 January 2021, DNB introduced a new definition of default. According to the new definition for customers in probation after 
default, the effect on expected credit loss was not significant as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 139 ---
130 
 
 
Loans to customers at amortized cost 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2019(1) ..................................................................  
(305) 
(1,041) 
(8,904) 
(10,251) 
Transfer to stage 1 ...............................................  
(638) 
599 
38 
 
Transfer to stage 2 ...............................................  
204 
(404) 
200 
 
Transfer to stage 3 ...............................................  
1 
423 
(424) 
 
Originated and purchased ....................................  
(365) 
(270) 
 
(635) 
Increased expected credit loss .............................  
(990) 
(2,430) 
(12,291) 
(15,711) 
Decreased (reversed) expected credit loss ...........  
1,260 
1,365 
4,655 
7,281 
Write-offs ............................................................  
 
 
4,587 
4,587 
De-recognition (including repayments) ...............  
72 
550 
76 
698 
Exchange rate movements ...................................  
— 
(5) 
24 
18 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2020(1) ..................................................................  
(761) 
(1,213) 
(12,039) 
(14,013) 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial commitments 
Financial commitments 
 
 
DNB Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2020 .....................................................................  
(284) 
(566) 
(601) 
(1,451) 
Transfer to stage 1 ...............................................  
(111) 
110 
1 
 
Transfer to stage 2 ...............................................  
46 
(49) 
3 
 
Transfer to stage 3 ...............................................  
 
17 
(17) 
 
Originated and purchased ....................................  
(194) 
(23) 
 
(216) 
Increased expected credit loss .............................  
(93) 
(240) 
(446) 
(778) 
Decreased (reversed) expected credit loss ...........  
408 
288 
391 
1,087 
De-recognition .....................................................  
16 
134 
 
150 
Exchange rate movements ...................................  
1 
(2) 
 
(1) 
Other ....................................................................  
 
 
 
 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2021(1) ..................................................................  
(211) 
(330) 
(669) 
(1,209) 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
On 1 January 2021, DNB introduced a new definition of default. According to the new definition for customers in probation after 
default, the effect on expected credit loss was not significant as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2019(1)(2) ...............................................................  
(146) 
(667) 
(543) 
(1,357) 
Transfer to stage 1 ...............................................  
(227) 
224 
4

--- Page 140 ---
131 
 
Financial commitments 
 
 
DNB Bank Group 
Amounts in NOK million 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Transfer to stage 2 ...............................................  
82 
(93) 
11 
 
Transfer to stage 3 ...............................................  
1 
314 
(315) 
 
Originated and purchased ....................................  
(351) 
(92) 
 
(443) 
Increased expected credit loss(1) ..........................  
(388) 
(1,602) 
(1,663) 
(3,654) 
Decreased (reversed) expected credit loss(1) ........  
734 
1,049 
1,906 
3,689 
De-recognition .....................................................  
12 
312 
0 
324 
Exchange rate movements ...................................  
1 
(11) 
— 
(11) 
Other ....................................................................  
─ 
─ 
─ 
─ 
Accumulated impairment as at 31 December 
2020(1)(2) ...............................................................  
(284) 
(566) 
(601) 
(1,451) 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019.  
(2) 
On 1 January 2021, DNB Group introduced a new definition of default. According to the new definition for customers in 
probation after default, the effect on expected credit loss was not significant as at 31 December 2021. 
Liquid assets 
As part of ongoing liquidity management, the DNB Group has invested in a portfolio of securities. The portfolio 
can be used in different ways to regulate the liquidity requirement and as a basis for furnishing collateral for 
operations in various countries. Among other things, the securities serve as collateral for short- and long-term 
borrowing from several central banks and as a basis for liquidity buffers to meet regulatory requirements. The 
table below specifies liquid assets in the DNB Group as at 31 December 2021:  
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and balances with central banks ...........................................................................  
271,124 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks, MDBs  
and international organisations ......................................................................................  
136,906 
Securities issued by municipalities and PSEs ................................................................  
55,698 
Extremely high quality covered bonds ..........................................................................  
69,585 
Other assets ...................................................................................................................  
 
Level 1 assets ................................................................................................................  
533,313 
Securities issued or guaranteed by sovereigns, central banks,  
municipalities and PSEs ................................................................................................  
34,427 
High quality covered bonds ...........................................................................................  
6,488 
Corporate debt securities (lowest rating AA-) ...............................................................  
 
Other assets ...................................................................................................................  
 
Level 2A assets .............................................................................................................  
40,915 
Asset-backed securities .................................................................................................  
 
High quality covered bonds ...........................................................................................  
800 
Corporate debt securities (rated A+ to BBB-) ...............................................................  
14 
Shares (major stock index) ............................................................................................  
1,263 
Other assets ...................................................................................................................

--- Page 141 ---
132 
 
Level 2B assets .............................................................................................................  
2,077 
Level 2 assets ................................................................................................................  
42,992 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
576,305 
 
 
Classification of financial instruments 
Most financial assets and financial liabilities on DNB Group’s balance sheet are carried at amortized cost. This 
primarily applies to loans, deposits and borrowings, but also to investments in bonds. Long-term borrowings in 
Norwegian kroner are carried at fair value, while long-term borrowings in other currencies are carried at amortized 
cost. Hedge accounting may be applied. See paragraph 7 of the “Accounting Principles” to the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus. 
Under IFRS 9, the DNB Group classifies financial instruments in one of the following measurement categories: 
(i) amortized cost; (ii) fair value through other comprehensive income; or (iii) fair value through profit or loss. 
The classification depends on the business model of the portfolio to which the financial asset belongs and the 
contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. Financial assets may be designated at fair value through 
profit or loss on initial recognition if the classification eliminates or significantly reduces measurement or 
recognition inconsistency that otherwise would arise from measuring financial assets or recognising the gains and 
losses on them on different bases. 
The tables below set forth, based on IFRS 9, the classification of the DNB Group post-merger financial assets and 
financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with 
central banks ................  
 
 
 
 
296,727 
296,727 
Due from credit 
institutions ....................  
 
 
 
 
44,959 
44,959 
Loans to customers ...........  
 
 
 
 
1,698,721 
1,744,922 
Commercial paper and 
bonds  ...........................  
52,851 
 
174,187 
103,997 
94,233 
425,267 
Shareholdings ...................  
4,568 
30,728 
 
 
 
35,297 
Financial assets, 
customers bearing the 
risk ...............................  
 
138,747 
 
 
 
138,747 
Financial derivatives ........  
117,388 
3,447 
 
 
 
135,400 
Other assets ......................  
 
 
 
 
8,755 
8,755 
Total financial assets ......  
174,807 
187,492 
220,384 
103,997 
2,143,395 
2,830,074 
Due to credit institutions ..  
 
 
 
 
149,611 
149,611 
Deposits from customers ..  
 
 
 
9,810  
1,237,908 
1,247,719 
Financial derivatives ........  
110,901 
3,447 
 
 
 
114,348

--- Page 142 ---
133 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Debt securities issued(4) ....  
 
 
12,405 
 
690,354 
702,759 
Other liabilities .................  
4,834 
 
 
 
9,869 
14,704 
Senior non-preferred 
bonds ............................  
 
 
1,077 
 
36,691 
37,769 
Subordinated loan capital .  
 
 
454 
 
32,593 
33,047 
Total financial 
liabilities(5) ...................  
115,735 
3,447 
23,746 
 
2,157,027 
2,299,956 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Including derivatives used as hedging instruments. 
(2) 
For liabilities designated as at FVTPL, changes in fair value due to credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
(3) 
Including hedged liabilities. 
(4) 
Contractual obligations of financial liabilities designated as at fair value totalled NOK 23,788 million. 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with 
central banks ................  
 
 
 
 
283,526 
283,526 
Due from credit 
institutions ....................  
 
 
 
 
78,466 
78,466 
Loans to customers ...........  
 
11 
55,361 
 
1,638,438 
1,693,811 
Commercial paper and 
bonds  ...........................  
89,246 
 
174,603 
89,481 
85,901 
439,231 
Shareholdings ...................  
3,855 
25,505 
 
 
 
29,360 
Financial assets, 
customers bearing the 
risk 
 
116,729 
 
 
 
116,729 
Financial derivatives ........  
155,182 
31,558 
 
 
 
186,740 
Other assets ......................  
 
 
 
 
8,902 
8,902 
Total financial assets ......  
248,283 
173,804 
229,964 
89,481 
2,095,234 
2,836,767 
Due to credit institutions ..  
 
 
 
 
207,457 
207,457 
Deposits from customers ..  
 
 
14,238 
 
1,091,335 
1,105,574 
Financial derivatives ........  
171,860 
3,119 
 
 
 
174,979 
Debt securities issued .......  
 
 
20,489 
 
757,340 
777,829 
Other liabilities .................  
2,982 
 
 
 
10,181 
13,163

--- Page 143 ---
134 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Senior non-preferred 
bonds ............................  
 
 
 
 
8,523 
8,523 
Subordinated loan capital .  
 
 
179 
 
32,140 
32,319 
Total financial 
liabilities(4) ...................  
174,842 
3,119 
34,906 
 
2,106,976 
2,319,844 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Including derivatives used as hedging instruments. 
(2) 
For liabilities designated as at FVTPL, changes in fair value due to credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
(3) 
Including hedged liabilities. 
(4) 
Contractual obligations of financial liabilities designated as at fair value totalled NOK 34,305 million. 
The tables below set forth, based on IFRS 9, the classification of the DNB Bank Group pre-merger financial assets 
and financial liabilities at 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with 
central banks ................  
 
 
 
 
283,526 
283,526 
Due from credit 
institutions ....................  
 
 
 
 
77,289 
77,289 
Loans to customers ...........  
 
11 
47,964 
 
1,655,549 
1,703,524 
Commercial paper and 
bonds  ...........................  
89,246 
 
100,029 
89,481 
976 
279,732 
Shareholdings ...................  
3,872 
3,004 
 
 
 
6,876 
Financial derivatives ........  
155,976 
31,558 
 
 
 
187,534 
Other assets ......................  
 
 
 
 
7,416 
7,416 
Total financial assets ......  
249,093 
34,574 
147,993 
89,481 
2,024,756 
2,545,897 
Due to credit institutions ..  
 
 
 
 
206,995 
206,995 
Deposits from customers ..  
 
 
14,238 
 
1,097,819 
1,112,058 
Financial derivatives ........  
171,051 
3,119 
 
 
 
174,170 
Debt securities issued(4) ....  
 
 
21,950 
 
765,863 
787,813 
Other liabilities .................  
2,982 
 
 
 
7,950 
10,933 
Subordinated loan capital .  
 
 
179 
 
32,140 
32,319 
Total financial 
liabilities(5) ...................  
174,033 
3,119 
36,367 
 
2,110,768 
2,324,288

--- Page 144 ---
135 
 
 
As of 31 December 2020 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Including derivatives used as hedging instruments. 
(2) 
For liabilities designated as at FVTPL, changes in fair value due to credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
(3) 
Including hedged liabilities. 
(4) 
Contractual obligations of financial liabilities designated as at fair value totalled NOK 35,767 million. 
The tables below set forth the classification of the Bank’s financial assets and financial liabilities at 31 December 
2019: 
 
 
As of 31 December 2019 
 
Mandatorily 
measured at fair 
value through profit 
and loss 
Designated 
as at 
FVTPL (2) 
FVOCI 
Amortized 
cost(3) 
Total 
Trading 
Other(1) 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with 
central banks ................  
 
 
 
 
304,746 
304,746 
Due from credit 
institutions ....................  
 
 
 
 
101,165 
101,165 
Loans to customers ...........  
 
11 
49,985 
— 
1,621,354 
1,671,350 
Commercial paper and 
bonds  ...........................  
68,416 
 
95,089 
52,013 
6,850 
222,368 
Shareholdings ...................  
5,151 
2,328 
 
 
 
7,479 
Financial derivatives ........  
97,243 
28,121 
 
 
 
125,364 
Other assets ......................  
 
 
 
 
6,236 
6,236 
Total financial assets ......  
170,810 
30,460 
145,074 
52,013 
2,040,351 
2,438,707 
Due to credit institutions ..  
 
 
0 
 
202,177 
202,177 
Deposits from customers ..  
 
 
19,535 
 
957,996 
977,530 
Financial derivatives ........  
114,480 
1,390 
 
 
 
115,871 
Debt securities issued(4) ....  
63 
 
21,694 
 
849,875 
871,632 
Other liabilities .................  
10,883 
 
 
 
7,492 
18,375 
Subordinated loan capital .  
 
 
176 
 
30,919 
31,095 
Total financial 
liabilities(5) ...................  
125,426 
1,390 
41,405 
 
2,048,858 
2,216,680 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Including derivatives used as hedging instruments. 
(2) 
For liabilities designated as at FVTPL, changes in fair value due to credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. 
(3) 
Including hedged liabilities. 
(4) 
The measurement category for debt securities issued in Norwegian kroner with floating rates has been changed from FVTPL to 
amortized cost as of 31 December 2019. Comparative information has not been restated.

--- Page 145 ---
136 
 
(5) 
Contractual obligations of financial liabilities designated as at fair value totalled NOK 41 015 million. 
Maturity profiles of assets, liabilities and financial derivatives 
The tables below set forth the DNB Group’s post-merger maturity structure for liquidity and funding as of 31 
December 2021 and 2020:  
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2021 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and deposits with central 
banks .................................................  
295,708 
 
1,019 
 
 
 
296,727 
Due from credit institutions ...............  
27,111 
12,731 
274 
4,312 
532 
 
44,960 
Loans to customers ............................  
238,725 
109,030 
119,413 
323,508 
956,353 
 1,747,029 
Commercial paper and bonds ............  
51,670 
58,668 
45,278 
132,222 
74,564 
63,821 
426,224 
Shareholdings ....................................  
 
 
 
 
 
51,017 
51,017 
Total ..................................................  
613,215 
180,428 
165,983 
460,043 
1,031,44
9 
114,838 
2,565,95
7 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to credit institutions....................  
121,911 
12,704 
14,599 
22 
374 
 
149,611 
Deposits from customers ...................  1,247,723 
 
 
 
 
 1,247,723 
Debt securities issued ........................  
81,028 
82,229 
155,027 
299,571 
111,797 
 
729,653 
Other liabilities etc. ...........................  
22,028 
1,787 
2,785 
5,581 
399 
 
32,519 
Subordinated loan capital ..................  
 
174 
 
27,073 
5,752 
 
32,999 
Total ..................................................  1,472,690 
96,894 
172,411 
332,246 
118,263 
 2,192,504 
Financial derivatives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial derivatives, gross 
settlement ..........................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Incoming cash flows ..........................  
387,030 
330,463 
322,273 
446,675 
131,957 
 1,618,397 
Outgoing cash flows ..........................  
384,271 
327,945 
321,872 
456,059 
132,476 
 
 
Financial derivatives, net settlement ..  
1,114 
874 
3,060 
9,438 
7,609 
 
22,096 
Total financial derivatives .................  
3,873 
3,392 
3,461 
53 
7,093 
 
(1,121) 
Credit lines, commitments and 
documentary credit .........................  
349,107 
10,581 
79,185 
201,708 
123,014 
 
763,595 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Assets

--- Page 146 ---
137 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Cash and deposits with central 
banks .................................................  
262,852 
 
20,674 
 
 
 
283,526 
Due from credit institutions ...............  
57,707 
19,076 
1,284 
406 
 
 
78,473 
Loans to customers ............................  
232,104 
99,289 
115,431 
337,226 
909,962 
 1,694,012 
Commercial paper and bonds ............  
13,420 
12,593 
50,997 
215,460 
69,142 
73,238 
434,850 
Shareholdings ....................................  
 
 
 
 
 
46,611 
 
Total ..................................................  
566,083 
130,958 
188,386 
553,092 
979,104 
119,849 2,537,472 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to credit institutions....................  
109,733 
64,420 
12,650 
20,653 
 
 
207,456 
Deposits from customers ...................  1,105,571 
 
 
 
 
 1,105,571 
Debt securities issued ........................  
51,443 
62,225 
140,845 
393,858 
111,859 
 
760,230 
Other liabilities etc. ...........................  
28,452 
22 
1,016 
294 
1,784 
 
31,568 
Subordinated loan capital ..................  
 
192 
 
26,320 
5,640 
 
32,152 
Total ..................................................  1,295,199 
126,859 
154,511 
441,125 
119,283 
 2,136,977 
Financial derivatives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial derivatives, gross 
settlement ..........................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Incoming cash flows ..........................  
465,790 
398,015 
259,340 
472,947 
163,849 
 1,759,941  
Outgoing cash flows ..........................  
471,367 
407,182 
267,902 
475,023 
164,351 
 1,785,825 
Financial derivatives, net settlement ..  
1,239 
1,018 
2,865 
10,757 
8,884 
 
24,763 
Total financial derivatives .................  
(4,338) 
(8,149) 
(5,697) 
8,681 
8,382 
 
1,121 
Credit lines, commitments and 
documentary credit .........................  
349,414 
8,819 
75,363 
182,570 
107,442 
 
723,608 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The tables below set forth the DNB Bank Group’s pre-merger maturity structure for liquidity and funding as of 
31 December 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and deposits with central 
banks .................................................  
262,852 
 
20,674 
 
 
 
283,526 
Due from credit institutions ...............  
56,530 
19,076 
1,284 
406 
 
 
77,295 
Loans to customers ............................  
229,849 
98,498 
112,703 
344,637 
918,253 
 1,703,940 
Commercial paper and bonds ............  
13,410 
10,584 
41,367 
180,105 
31,222 
 
276,687 
Shareholdings ....................................  
 
 
 
 
 
14,300 
14,300

--- Page 147 ---
138 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Other assets .......................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total ..................................................  
562,641 
128,158 
176,028 
525,148 
949,475 
14,300 2,355,748 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to credit institutions....................  
109,271 
64,420 
12,650 
20,653 
 
 
206,995 
Deposits from customers ...................  1,112,055 
 
 
 
 
 1,112,055 
Debt securities issued ........................  
51,443 
62,262 
140,845 
395,033 
112,109 
 
761,691 
Other liabilities etc. ...........................  
16,075 
22 
1,016 
294 
1,784 
 
19,192 
Subordinated loan capital ..................  
 
192 
 
26,320 
5,640 
 
32,152 
Total ..................................................  1,288,844 
126,896 
154,511 
442,300 
119,533 
 2,132,085 
Financial derivatives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial derivatives, gross 
settlement ..........................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Incoming cash flows ..........................  
465,816 
398,033 
259,362 
472,962 
163,849 
 1,760,022 
Outgoing cash flows ..........................  
471,393 
407,199 
267,925 
475,037 
164,351 
 1,785,905 
Financial derivatives, net settlement ..  
896 
1,022 
2,875 
10,765 
8,884 
 
24,442 
Total financial derivatives ...............  
(4,681) 
(8,145) 
(5,687) 
8,690 
8,381 
 
(1,441) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 _________________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Nominal future interest payments in excess of accrued interest are not included. 
(2) 
The maturity structure for subordinated loan capital is based on final maturities and does not reflect options to make early 
redemptions. 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and deposits with central 
banks .................................................  
301 047 
 
3 699 
 
 
 
304 746 
Due from credit institutions ...............  
60 105 
35 926 
5 064 
70 
 
 
101 165 
Lending to customers ........................  
261 535 
89 564  
102 156 
325 393 
895 515 
(1 333) 1 672 830 
Commercial paper and bonds ............  
2 965 
2 292 
19 732 
172 081 
24 860 
 
221 930 
Shareholdings ....................................  
 
 
 
 
 
15 966 
15 966 
Total ..................................................  
625 652 
127 782 
130 651 
497 544 
920 375 
14 633 2 316 637 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to credit institutions....................  
151 900 
37 361 
12 493 
424 
 
 
202 177 
Deposits from customers ...................  
977 536 
 
 
 
 
 
977 536 
Debt securities issued ........................  
58 053 
104 615 
130 318 
438 372 
117 524 
 
848 882 
Other liabilities etc. ...........................  
14,869 
2 853 
3 631 
3 871 
1 791 
 
27 015

--- Page 148 ---
139 
 
 
Residual maturity as of 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 
1 month 
From 
1 month 
to 
3 months 
From 
3 months 
to 1 year 
From 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
No fixed 
maturity 
Total 
 
(NOK millions) 
Subordinated loan capital ..................  
 
214 
 
24 943 
5 774 
 
30 931 
Total ..................................................  1,202,358 
145 043 
146 442 
467 610 
125 089 
 
2 086 541 
Financial derivatives 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial derivatives, gross 
settlement ..........................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Incoming cash flows ..........................  
425,264 
343,543 
189,935 
488,924 
197,005 
 
1 644 671 
Outgoing cash flows ..........................  
430,419 
347,475 
194,243 
501,265 
200,637 
 
1,674,039 
Financial derivatives, net settlement ..  
986 
2,447 
2,724 
15,811 
10,965 
 
32,934 
Total financial derivatives ...............  
(4,169) 
(1,485) 
(1,583) 
3,470 
7,333 
 
3,566 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Derivatives 
Financial derivatives are contracts stipulating financial values in the form of interest rate terms, exchange rates 
and the value of equity instruments for fixed periods of time. Corresponding contracts stipulating prices on 
commodities and indexes are also defined as financial derivatives. Financial derivatives include swaps, forward 
contracts and options as well as combinations thereof, including forward rate agreements (FRAs), financial futures 
and agreements on the transfer of securities. The Bank enters into financial derivatives transactions in order to 
manage liquidity and market risk arising from the Bank’s ordinary operations. In addition, the Bank trades 
financial derivatives for its own account. 
“Over the counter” (OTC) options or forward contracts are contracts entered into outside any formal exchange. 
The contracts are customized according to the customer’s requirements with respect to the underlying object, 
number, price, expiration terms and maturity. The advantage of OTC derivatives compared with the standardised 
market is that customers are not limited to standardised contracts and can buy the precise position they wish. The 
disadvantage is that it can be difficult to find other contracting parties and to sell the contracts on the secondary 
market. Clearing of non-standardised OTC options is regulated by separate standard conditions stipulated by 
clearing houses such as NOS ASA, and the relationship between the actors in the market, is regulated through 
agreements similar to those in the standardised market. 
The following derivatives are employed for both trading and hedging purposes by the DNB Group: 
• 
Forward contracts: contracts to buy or sell interest rate terms, amounts in foreign currencies, shares or 
commodities on a specified future date at a fixed price. Forward contracts are customized contracts traded 
between counterparties in the OTC market. 
• 
Forward rate agreements: agreements that fix the interest rate for a future period for an agreed amount. 
When the contract matures, only the difference between the agreed interest rate and the actual market 
interest rate is exchanged. 
• 
Interest rate futures: standardised contracts whereby the counterparties agree to exchange specific 
interest rate instruments at a fixed price on a specified date. The contracts are traded on an exchange. 
The value of interest rate futures follows the price trend on underlying interest rate instruments.

--- Page 149 ---
140 
 
• 
Swaps: transactions in which two parties exchange cash flows on a fixed amount over an agreed period. 
The majority of swaps are customized and traded outside any formal exchange. The most important types 
of swaps traded by the DNB Group are: 
− 
interest rate swaps in which fixed rates of interest are exchanged for floating or floating rates of 
interest are exchanged for fixed 
− 
cross-currency interest rate swaps in which parties exchange both currency and interest 
payments 
− 
equity swaps in which interest rate returns are exchanged for equity returns. 
• 
Options: agreements giving the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to either buy (call option) or sell 
(put option) a specific quantity of a financial instrument or commodity at a predetermined fixed price. 
The buyer pays a premium to the seller for this right. Options are traded both as OTC (customized) and 
standardised contracts. 
• 
Interest swaptions: option contracts affording protection against an interest rate rise (for the 
buyer/borrower) or an interest rate fall (for the seller/lender). By paying a premium in advance, the 
customer gains the right, but not the obligation, to use predetermined interest rate swap contracts in the 
future. Depending on the structure, the swaption may be exercised on a specific future date (European 
option) or at any time during the term of the option (American option). 
The table below shows the nominal values of financial derivatives according to type of derivative as well as the 
positive and negative market values. Positive market values are entered as assets on the balance sheet, whereas 
negative market values are entered as liabilities. The tables below sets for the DNB Group’s financial derivatives 
for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 as well as the DNB Bank Group’s financial derivatives for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations—Fair value of financial derivatives and other financial instruments” for a more 
detailed description of the measurement of financial derivatives. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021(1) 
DNB Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Interest rate-related contracts 
 
 
 
Derivatives held for trading 
 
 
 
Forward rate agreements ............................. 
821,055 
1,166 
915 
Swaps .......................................................... 
2,780,754 
34,213 
35,270 
OTC options ................................................ 
45,350 
509 
528 
Total interest rate-related contracts ........ 
3,647,159 
35,888 
36,713 
Foreign exchange-related contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
61,863 
5,096 
5,219 
Swaps .......................................................... 
1,414,858 
20,734 
12,833 
OTC options ................................................ 
28,164 
1,333 
1,077 
Total foreign exchange-related contracts  
1,504,884 
27,163 
19,129 
Equity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
2,978 
1,506 
1,133 
Other ............................................................ 
3,773 
394 
459

--- Page 150 ---
141 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021(1) 
DNB Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Total OTC derivatives............................... 
6,750 
1,900 
1,591 
Futures ......................................................... 
2,078 
— 
— 
Other ............................................................ 
3,919 
37 
22 
Total exchange-traded contracts .................. 
5,997 
37 
23 
Total equity-related contracts .................. 
12,747 
1,937 
1,614 
Commodity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Swaps and options ....................................... 
81,654 
24,831 
24,379 
Total commodity related contracts .............. 
81,654 
24,831 
24,379 
Total financial derivatives trading ............... 
5,246,444 
89,819 
81,835 
Derivatives held for hedge accounting 
 
 
 
Fair value hedges of interest rate risk 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps ....................................... 
560,999 
18,012 
3,447 
Total financial derivatives hedge 
accounting .................................................. 
560,999 
18,012 
3,447 
Collateral pledged/received on financial 
derivatives 
 
 
 
Total cash collateral pledged/received ........ 
 
27,569 
29,066 
Total financial derivatives ........................ 
5,807,443 
135,400 
114,348 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(1) 
DNB Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Interest rate-related contracts 
 
 
 
Derivatives held for trading  
 
 
 
Forward rate agreements ............................. 
1,208,065 
1,002 
851 
Swaps .......................................................... 
2,787,741 
52,642 
57,200 
OTC options ................................................ 
105,181 
449 
413 
Total interest rate-related contracts ........ 
4,100,987 
54,093 
58,463 
Foreign exchange-related contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
102,952 
11,165 
11,536 
Swaps .......................................................... 
1,567,294 
27,115 
42,824 
OTC options ................................................ 
18,455 
1,303 
1,100 
Total foreign exchange-related contracts  
1,688,700 
39,583 
55,461 
Equity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
2,490 
1,405 
1,216

--- Page 151 ---
142 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(1) 
DNB Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Other ............................................................ 
2,430 
343 
327 
Total OTC derivatives............................... 
4,920 
1,748 
1,543 
Futures ......................................................... 
2,444 
0 
0 
Other ............................................................ 
3,427 
23 
59 
Total exchange-traded contracts .............. 
5,871 
23 
59 
Total equity-related contracts .................. 
10,791 
1,771 
1,602 
Commodity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Swaps and options ....................................... 
81,234 
5,051 
4,619 
Total commodity related contracts .............. 
81,234 
5,051 
4,619 
Total financial derivatives trading ............... 
5,881,712 
100,498 
120,145 
Derivatives held for hedge accounting 
 
 
 
Fair value hedges of interest rate risk 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps ....................................... 
575,005 
31,558 
3,119 
Total financial derivatives hedge 
accounting ................................................... 
575,005 
31,558 
3,119 
Collateral pledged/received on financial 
derivatives 
 
 
 
Total cash collateral pledged/received ........ 
 
54,684 
51,715 
Total financial derivatives ........................ 
6,456,716 
186,740 
174,979 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2021 Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical consolidated financial 
statements of DNB ASA as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(1) 
DNB Bank Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Interest rate contracts 
 
 
 
Forward rate agreements ............................. 
1,208,065 
1,002 
851 
Swaps .......................................................... 
2,787,741 
52,642 
57,200 
OTC options ................................................ 
105,181 
449 
413 
Total interest rate contracts ..................... 
4,100,987 
54,093 
58,463 
Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
100,841 
10,980 
11,630 
Swaps .......................................................... 
1,573,133 
27,124 
42,977 
OTC options ................................................ 
18,455 
1,303 
1,100 
Total foreign exchange contracts ............. 
1,692,429 
39,407 
55,708 
Equity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
2,490 
1,405 
1,216

--- Page 152 ---
143 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020(1) 
DNB Bank Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Other ............................................................ 
2,430 
343 
327 
Total OTC derivatives............................... 
4,920 
1,748 
1,543 
Futures ......................................................... 
2,444 
0 
0 
Other ............................................................ 
3,427 
23 
59 
Total exchange-traded contracts .................. 
5,871 
23 
59 
Total equity-related contracts .................. 
10,791 
1,771 
1,602 
Commodity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Swaps and options ....................................... 
81,234 
5,051 
4,619 
Total commodity related contracts .......... 
81,234 
5,051 
4,619 
Total financial derivatives trading ........... 
5,885,441 
100,322 
120,391 
Derivatives held for hedge accounting 
 
 
 
Fair value hedges of interest rate risk 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps ....................................... 
575,005 
31,558 
3,119 
Total financial derivatives hedge 
accounting ................................................... 
575,005 
31,558 
3,119 
Collateral pledged/received on financial 
derivatives 
 
 
 
Total cash collateral pledged/received ........ 
 
55,654 
50,660 
Total financial derivatives ........................ 
6,460,445 
187,534 
174,170 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019(1) 
DNB Bank Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Interest rate contracts 
 
 
 
Forward rate agreements ............................. 
1,475,226 
331 
321 
Swaps .......................................................... 
2,745,961 
30,840 
40,683 
OTC options ................................................ 
102,568 
560 
552 
Total interest rate contracts ..................... 
4,323,755 
31,731 
41,556 
Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 
 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
60,122 
7,054 
6,597 
Swaps .......................................................... 
1,269,246 
17,434 
15,877 
OTC options ................................................ 
21,527 
1,290 
982 
Total foreign exchange contracts ............. 
1,350,895 
25,778 
23,457 
Equity-related contracts

--- Page 153 ---
144 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019(1) 
DNB Bank Group 
 
Total nominal 
values 
Positive market 
value 
Negative market 
value 
 
(in NOK millions) 
Forward contracts ........................................ 
4,896 
2,379 
1,032 
OTC options ................................................ 
3,293 
372 
476 
Total OTC derivatives............................... 
8,188 
2,751 
1,508 
Futures ......................................................... 
949 
0 
1 
Options ........................................................ 
5,041 
82 
82 
Total exchange-traded contracts .................. 
5,990 
82 
83 
Total equity-related contracts .................. 
14,178 
2,833 
1,591 
Commodity-related contracts 
 
 
 
Swaps and options ....................................... 
66,679 
3,573 
2,970 
Total commodity related contracts .......... 
66,679 
3,573 
2,970 
Total financial derivatives trading ........... 
5,755,507 
63,914 
69,574 
Derivatives held for hedge accounting 
 
 
 
Fair value hedges of interest rate risk 
 
 
 
Interest rate swaps ....................................... 
566,753 
28,121 
1,390 
Total financial derivatives hedge 
accounting ................................................... 
566,753 
28,121 
1,390 
Collateral pledged/received on financial 
derivatives 
 
 
 
Total cash collateral pledged/received ........ 
 
33,329 
44,906 
Total financial derivatives ........................ 
6,322,260 
125,364 
115,871 
 
 
 
 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the 2020 DNB Bank Group Annual Financial Statements, which corresponds to the historical 
consolidated financial statements as of the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 154 ---
145 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND RISK-ADJUSTED PERFORMANCE 
Risk Management 
The ability to manage risk is of crucial importance in the financial service industry and is a prerequisite for value 
creation over time. The Bank aims to maintain a low risk profile and to only assume risk that is understood and 
can be monitored. Risk management implies that profitability is considered relative to risk, while ensuring that 
the DNB Group is secured against unintentional risk. Healthy risk management is based on a strong risk culture, 
which is characterised by a high level of awareness concerning risk and risk management in the organisation. The 
DNB Group policy for risk management sets out the principles for all of the DNB Group’s risk management 
activities and defines the ambitions for, attitudes towards and organisation of risk management. All managers are 
responsible for risk within their own area of responsibility. Risk is managed through personal authorisations and 
risk limits. Risk management functions and the development of risk management tools are undertaken by units 
which are independent of operations in individual business areas. 
Responsibilities and organisation 
Risk management in the DNB Group is based on a model with three lines of defence. Key risk management 
principles are clear goals and strategies, policies and guidelines, as well as an effective operating structure and 
transparent reporting. 
The first line of defense includes all of DNB’s operative functions. It is the operative managers’ responsibility 
to establish, manage and follow up on internal controls within their area of responsibility, including processes and 
activities to reach defined goals relating to operational efficiency, reliable financial reporting, risk management 
and compliance with laws and regulations. The employees are responsible for carrying out established internal 
controls as part of their daily tasks. All authorisations linked to risk-taking in the first line of defence must be 
personal, and all risk must be owned by the first line. 
The second line of defense consists of independent and autonomous control functions, which use a risk-based 
approach to monitor, report on and give advice about risk-related issues and compliance and follow up on the 
internal control activities carried out by the management and employees in the operative functions. In the DNB 
Group, the second line of defence functions are organised under Group Risk Management and Group Compliance. 
The third line of defense is the internal audit (Group Audit), which uses a risk-based approach to review and 
assess the Group’s processes for governance and internal control. Group Audit is independent of the Group’s 
executive management and reports to the Board. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Bank (the “Board”) is the supreme governing body for the DNB Group’s business 
operations and is responsible for ensuring satisfactory oversight of operations, financial reporting and asset 
management. The Board determines and monitors the DNB Group’s long-term risk profile through the risk 
appetite framework. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the DNB Group is adequately capitalised relative 
to the risk and scope of operations, and that capital requirements are met. The Board monitors the DNB Group’s 
capital situation on an ongoing basis. This is discussed in more detail in the chapter on capital management and 
ICAAP (the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process).  
Each year, the Board reviews the CEO’s report on the status of internal controls, which includes assessments of 
the principal risk areas in the DNB Group. The review documents the quality of the internal control and risk 
management efforts and identifies any weaknesses and needs for improvement.  
The Board is assisted by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Compensation and 
Organisation Committee – see below under "Management".

--- Page 155 ---
146 
 
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee oversees the DNB Group’s internal control and risk management systems, as 
well as internal audits, to make sure that they function effectively. The committee considers changes to systems 
and procedures that are presented to the Board for approval. In addition, the Risk Management Committee 
provides advice on the DNB Group’s risk profile, including risk appetite, and prepares the Board’s follow-up of 
risk development and risk management. Advice to the Board can be about strategies for capital and liquidity 
management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, risk related to compliance and reputation, as well as other 
risks. The Risk Management Committee consists of up to four members who are elected by the Board for two 
years at a time. There is also a requirement that the committee must include at least one member experienced in 
identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex firms. The organisation of the Risk 
Management Committee and the quarterly risk management report to the Board are considered to adequately 
cover the requirements in the countries in which the DNB Group operates, including the American CFR § 
252.1441. Members of the risk management committee are currently Jens Petter Olsen (Chair), Gro Bakstad, 
Svein Richard Brandtzæg, Lillian Hattrem and Julie Galbo, appointed among the members of the Board. In 
addition to the members of the Committee, the following must normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the 
CFO, the Group Chief Audit Executive and a representative of the statutory auditor. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee supervises the process of financial reporting and considers whether the DNB Group’s 
internal controls, including internal audit and risk management systems, work effectively. In addition, the 
committee ensures that the DNB Group has independent and effective external audit procedures. The Audit 
Committee reviews quarterly financial reporting for the DNB Group. The committee makes a thorough review of 
discretionary assessments and estimates in addition to any changes in accounting practice. The committee 
monitors the DNB Group’s internal control systems as well as the DNB Group’s internal audit, including ensuring 
that they work effectively, and evaluates changes to systems and procedures that are submitted to the Board. The 
Audit Committee considers the quarterly accounts and the proposed annual accounts for the Bank and the DNB 
Group. Members of the audit committee are currently Gro Bakstad (Chair), Jens Petter Olsen, Svein Richard 
Brandtzæg, Lillian Hattrem and Julie Galbo. In addition to the members of the Committee, the following must 
normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the CFO, the Group Chief Audit Executive and a representative of 
the statutory auditor. 
Compensation and Organisation Committee 
The Board of Directors elects up to four members to a Compensation and Organisation Committee. The committee 
normally meets six to seven times a year. One of the members is a board member elected by the employees. The 
Committee is responsible for preparing guidelines, frameworks and matters concerning remuneration that require 
the approval of the Board, including variable remuneration for employees in all or part of the Group and other 
important personnel-related matters concerning senior executives. The Committee is also responsible for 
preparing selected matters for the Board relating to culture, management and succession planning. Members of 
the audit committee are currently Olaug Svarva (Chair), Jann Ivar Gjærum Semlitsch, Kim Wahl and Lillian 
Hattrem.  
Group chief executive and the Group Management team  
The CEO is responsible for implementing risk management measures that contribute to the achievement of targets 
the Board sets for operations, including effective management systems and internal control. The Group 
Management meeting is the CEO’s collegiate body for management at the DNB Group level. Major decisions 
concerning risk and capital management are generally made in consultation with the Group Management Team. 
The group executive vice presidents for the business areas and support units take part in the Group Management 
meeting.

--- Page 156 ---
147 
 
Group Risk Management 
Group Risk Management is headed by a group executive vice president, who is also the Chief Risk Officer (the 
“CRO”) and reports directly to the CEO and, if necessary, directly to the Board. The CRO defines the principles 
and framework for risk-taking and internal control in the DNB Group. In addition, the CRO makes independent 
assessments of the risk level and reports on the DNB Group’s risk situation. The DNB Group has established 
specialist units, which are responsible for frameworks and risk control within the various types of risk, such as 
credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, model risk and operational risk. In addition, the DNB Group has independent 
units that are responsible for model development, model validation, risk data, risk analysis and risk reporting. 
Group Risk Management carries out the role of independent control function. This involves ensuring that all 
necessary tools and processes are in place in the organisation to identify, measure and report risk.  
The CRO is responsible for annual validation of the most important models used in capital adequacy reporting 
and financial reporting. The validations are performed by a unit that is independent from the personnel and 
management function responsible for originating or renewing exposures and for the model design or development. 
The Board sets requirements for validation. The results of the validation of the IRB models are described in the 
section on credit risk. Stress testing is a second line function, where the CRO has the overall responsibility. The 
Board is responsible for approving the standard for stress testing. Stress tests are presented for comments to the 
Group Advisory Credit Committee or the Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO), and are approved by the CRO. 
The CRO is responsible for recommending measures based on the conclusions of the stress tests.  
Group Risk Management is responsible for conducting a credit risk review and model input review. The credit 
risk review assesses compliance with the standard for credit activities, credit strategies and credit rules and 
legislation, and the results are reported to the Board. The model input review aims to ensure the correct and 
consistent application of IRB models that include subjective input. The purpose of internal control is to assure the 
DNB Group’s objectives in areas such as operational effectiveness and efficiency, reliable reporting, and 
compliance with laws, regulations and policies. 
The group standard for internal control in the DNB Group provides a common conceptual framework and 
understanding of internal control, and forms the basis for a framework for structured internal control work. An 
important element is the annual internal control attestation, where the executive managers of all significant 
organisational units in the DNB Group produce a summarising assessment of the internal control in their area.  
Group Risk Management has Operational Risk Officers (ORO) who work with all of DNB’s business areas and 
major subsidiaries. Operational Risk Officers advise, challenge and control the areas’ risk management, including 
risk assessments, risk treatment, risk event management and risk reporting. 
The Compliance Function 
The compliance function is headed by the Group Chief Compliance Officer (the “GCCO”), who is also a group 
executive vice president and reports directly to the Group CEO and the Board. The GCCO sets the framework for 
the compliance function in the DNB Group. All business areas and support units, foreign branches of the DNB 
Group, companies in the DNB Group authorised under financial market regulations, and other companies as 
decided by the GCCO, must have a compliance function which is a part of the DNB Group’s Compliance function. 
The DNB Group’s Compliance function is a separate and independent second-line-of-defence control function 
that assists the Board, the Group CEO and other first-line managers in the work of ensuring that the DNB Group 
conducts its activities in accordance with relevant rules and legislation. The Compliance function comes in 
addition to the first line’s independent responsibility for internal control and for monitoring compliance with rules 
and legislation of significance to the relevant area or unit. The Compliance function provides advice and guidance 
on compliance, monitors and controls compliance and compliance risk, and reports and provides information on 
the status of compliance and compliance risk. The Compliance function takes a risk-based approach, mainly based 
on the rules and legislation that set conditions and requirements for the DNB Group’s licensed operations. This 
applies to financial, regulatory, competition and data protection rules and legislation, as well as rules and 
legislation aimed at counteracting money laundering, corruption and sanctions violations.

--- Page 157 ---
148 
 
The Compliance function’s monitoring and control must include assessment of whether the DNB Group has 
implemented sufficiently effective guidelines and procedures to detect compliance risk. This also includes an 
assessment of preventive measures and procedures. The Compliance function should be involved in and help to 
assess the risk related to the implementation of new strategies, organisational changes and other changes to the 
DNB Group’s activities.  
Group Audit  
The DNB Group’s internal audit or Group Audit acts as the third line of defence and assists the Board in ensuring 
that the quality of all important aspects of the DNB Group’s risk management is satisfactory. Group Audit receives 
its instructions from the Board, which also approves Group Audit’s annual plans and budgets. Group Audit is 
responsible for ensuring the establishment and implementation of adequate and effective risk management and 
internal control procedures. Group Audit must also assess whether management processes and control measures 
are effective and contribute to the Group’s target attainment. 
Risk reporting 
According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, the DNB Group assumes risk which is understood and 
can be managed. The DNB Group is committed not to offer products or services or perform other acts which entail 
a significant risk of contributing to unethical conduct, the infringement of human or labour rights, corruption or 
serious environmental harm. 
Group policy for risk management 
The Board has approved the DNB Group policy for risk management, which should serve as a guide for the DNB 
Group’s overall risk management and describes the ambitions for attitudes to and work on risk in the DNB Group. 
The risk management policy is a common framework for risk management in all units in the DNB Group.  
The Board has also approved group policies for compliance and ethics. 
All activity in the group involves risk. The ability to manage risk is the core of financial activity and a prerequisite 
for value creation over time.  
According to the DNB Group policy on risk management, DNB Group shall only assume risk which is understood 
and can be managed. The DNB Group distinguishes between risk which is taken actively, where returns should 
be maximised, such as credit risk, and risk that generates no return and should be held at an acceptably low level, 
such as operational risk. The DNB Group shall only assume risk which is understood and can be followed up and 
shall not be associated with activities that can harm its reputation. The culture of the group shall be characterised 
by individual responsibility, transparent methods and processes that support sound risk management. See “Risk 
Management and Risk-Adjusted Performance―Responsibilities and organisation” for further information. 
Capital Management 
Assessment of risk profile and capital requirements 
Pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, all companies must at all times have an 
adequate equity base which takes into account the extent of the company’s activities and the risk they involve. 
Capital adequacy regulations specify a minimum primary capital requirement, which includes credit risk, market 
risk and operational risk. In addition to meeting the minimum requirement, the DNB Group must satisfy various 
buffer requirements. The difference between buffer requirements and minimum requirements lies in the 
consequences of non-compliance. Non-compliance with minimum requirements could result in the bank being 
restructured or wound up, while non-compliance with buffer requirements would result in implementing measures 
to strengthen capitalisation. Non-compliance with buffer requirements will result in restrictions on dividend 
payments, interest payments on hybrid securities and variable remuneration payments to employees. The NFSA

--- Page 158 ---
149 
 
assesses whether there are any risk elements in the individual institution that are not adequately covered by the 
basis of calculation for the minimum requirements and the general capital requirements (Pillar 1). These are 
referred to as the Pillar 2 requirements. 
According to the DNB Group’s capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group shall in normal times operate 
with a headroom to the at any time applicable requirement (including the Pillar 2 Guidance) from the NFSA. This 
headroom shall cover unforeseen volatility in risk weighted assets and the capital base, support strategic flexibility 
and contribute to maintain trust in that dividends are paid according to the DNB Group’s dividend policy and that 
coupon is paid on additional tier 1 instruments. The leverage ratio for the Bank and the DNB Group shall in normal 
circumstances fulfill the regulatory requirements with a reasonable margin. The capitalisation guidelines are 
reviewed each year based on the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (the “ICAAP”) and feedback 
from the authorities through SREP. 
With respect to Norwegian rules in force regarding loss absorption, please see “Supervision and Regulation—
Regulatory Framework in Norway” below.  
The Bank and the DNB Group are subject to the BRRD’s resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four 
resolution tools and powers, which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that: (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the 
sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” 
(an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of 
the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligation; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to 
transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to 
be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to avail 
itself of the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are insufficient to 
maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional 
financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
use non-viability loss absorption. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case 
may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of 
remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
In the event of non-compliance with the combined requirements, including the Pillar 2 requirements, the DNB 
Group will have to explain the reason therefor to NFSA and present planned measures.

--- Page 159 ---
150 
 
According to the DNB Group’s capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group aims to be among the best 
capitalised financial services groups in the Nordic region based on equal calculation principles. Dividends will be 
determined based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial strength and developments in 
external parameters. The Bank’s capitalisation guidelines specify a targeted capitalisation level, the frequency of 
reviews of the Bank’s capital situation and the measurement methods to be used, such as economic capital and 
the use of stress tests.  
The capitalisation targets are based on the DNB Group’s prevailing risk-weighted assets at any given time. 
Basel III 
Basel III is an international regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity risk 
issued by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision (“BCBS”).  
The final elements of this framework were added in December 2017. Basel III includes updated and new 
approaches to calculate risk weighted assets (RWA) for credit, market and operational risk. In addition, in order 
to limit the role of internal models (e.g. IRB) an output floor is introduced equivalent to 72.5 per cent of the RWA 
requirements as calculated only by the standardised approaches. The output floor is to be implemented over a 
phased-in period of five years. Basel III has been implemented in EU and EEA by means of CRR/CRD IV. 
• 
CRR (the Capital Requirements Regulation) is a regulation and applies throughout the EU independent 
of national legislation. Through the EEA agreement, Norway is required to comply with the regulation. 
• 
CRD (the Capital Requirements Directive) is the legal framework for the supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms in the EU. In accordance with the EEA agreement, Norway is required to transpose 
the directive into Norwegian legislation. 
CRR/CRD IV was implemented in Norway on 31 December 2019 through amendments to the Financial 
Institutions Act and the CRR/CRD IV Regulation. 
Capital adequacy 
On 31 December 2019, Norway fully implemented the EU's capital requirements legislation CRR/CRD IV, and 
the so-called Basel I floor was removed. Valuation rules used in the statutory accounts form the basis for the 
consolidation, which is subject to special consolidation rules governed by the Consolidation Regulations. 
Risk exposure amount increased by NOK 6.3 billion from 31 December 2020 to NOK 973 billion at 31 December 
2021 for DNB Group. Risk exposure amount were increased by NOK 5.5 billion from 31 December 2019 to NOK 
930 billion at 31 December 2020 for DNB Bank Group.  
The DNB Group’s capitalisation level is intended to support the Bank’s AA level rating target for ordinary long-
term funding. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—
Capital and Capital Ratios” for the DNB Group and DNB Group capital levels. 
Economic capital requirements 
The DNB Group quantifies risk by measuring economic capital. The quantification of economic capital is based 
on statistical probability calculations for the various risk categories on the basis of historical data. As it is 
impossible to guard against all potential losses, the DNB Group has stipulated that economic capital should cover 
99.9 per cent. of potential losses within a one-year horizon.  
Internal economic capital is lower than external requirements. As a consequence, economic capital is grossed up 
to a total allocated capital (“TAC”) to bridge the gap. TAC and expected losses over a normalised business cycle 
are elements in the calculations of risk-adjusted return, which is a key financial parameter in the internal

--- Page 160 ---
151 
 
management of the DNB Group. The calculations are included in the financial planning for the business areas and 
are reported quarterly. Risk-adjusted return is included in the prevailing pricing models used across the 
DNBGroup and the results thereof are embedded in all business decisions by management. The figures are 
reported on a monthly basis in the management systems. 
The DNB Group quantifies economic capital for the following risk categories: credit risk, market risk, operational 
risk and business risk. A significant diversification or portfolio effect arises when the various risks are considered 
together, as it is unlikely that all losses will occur at the same time. An economic downturn will normally have a 
negative effect on most areas, but there will be a diversification effect, as not all areas will be affected equally 
negatively. The diversification effect between risk categories and business areas implies that the DNB Group’s 
economic capital will be lower than if the business areas had been independent companies. 
Estimated risk level 
As of 31 December 2021, the DNB Group estimated its net economic capital at NOK 62.9 billion, compared to 
NOK 66.4 billion as of 31 December 2020 and NOK 51.7 billion as of 31 December 2019. 
The operational risk situation in 2021 was satisfactory. There was a stable, low level of losses which was well 
below the limit in the risk appetite framework. In the banking industry, there is high risk of data fraud, whereby 
confidential information goes astray or the bank is exposed to digital attacks and data vandalism. Measures to 
strengthen information security in the DNB Group have been identified in order to meet an ever-more serious 
threat scenario. Strong emphasis is being placed on strengthening the DNB Group’s security solutions to counter 
digital attacks.  
Stress testing 
Stress testing is a key element in the assessment of the DNB Group’s capitalisation and is also used in connection 
with financial planning. Stress tests are used to predict how changes in macroeconomic conditions will affect the 
need for capital. Management is involved in determining the scenarios and underlying assumptions that will be 
used in the stress tests and uses the outcome of such testing as a basis for strategies and action plans.  
Important stress tests that are carried out minimum annually in the DNB Group are the following:  
• 
Extensive stress testing of the DNB Group and DNB Boligkreditt AS are carried out as a part of the 
annual ICAAP reporting, see the chapter on capital management and ICAAP. 
• 
Crisis scenarios are being developed and tested as part of the DNB Group's recovery plan.  
• 
Stress tests of specific credit portfolios are conducted on an ongoing basis.  
• 
The bank regularly conducts liquidity risk stress tests to ensure that sufficient liquid assets are available 
to meet difficult situations in a satisfactory manner.  
• 
A special stress testing program for counterparty credit risk has been established, which will reveal 
undesirable outcomes of the total counterparty credit risk exposure, both on a stand-alone basis and as 
part of the bank's credit risk exposure.  
The DNB Group participates in the stress tests of European banks coordinated by the European Banking Authority 
(“EBA”). The stress tests are conducted every other year and the next stress test will be in 2023. The stress tests 
assess European banks’ resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and reductions in 
net interest income, and the resulting effects on the banks’ common equity Tier 1 capital ratios. In the EU stress 
test in 2021, the DNB Bank Group was among the best performing banks across Nordic and international peers.

--- Page 161 ---
152 
 
Risk appetite 
The risk appetite framework forms part of the strategic management of the DNB Group and consists of limits and 
assessment principles for the types of risks that are of particular importance for the DNB Group. The risk appetite 
principles form part of the governance principles on the highest level of the DNB Group’s hierarchy of governing 
documents.  
The DNB Group’s risk appetite framework is decided by the Board of Directors and is reviewed and renewed at 
least once a year.  
The risk appetite framework is implemented throughout the organisation. Risk indicators on lower organisational 
levels underpin the limits in the risk appetite framework. The risk indicators can be in the form of limits for 
quantifiable risk or qualitative assessments of the risk level. They need not be based on the same measurement 
parameters as the ones used at the DNB Group level, but it must be possible to link them to the same risk types 
and measure the same trends. The procedures for monitoring risk indicators are tailored to the individual business 
areas and are meant to ensure that risk is kept within the level stipulated in the risk appetite framework. 
The risk level is measured against the risk appetite framework every month, and provides an overall summary of 
the risk situation in the DNB Group. The risk appetite framework contains 15 different risk dimensions, across 
different risk types and business areas: 
 
Risk type: 
Dimensions: 
Profitability and earnings: 
− 
Risk-adjusted profit 
Capital adequacy: 
− 
Common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
− 
Solvency 
Capital 
Requirement, 
DNB 
Livsforsikring AS, without transitional rules 
Market risk: 
− 
Market risk as a percentage of financial 
capital;  
Credit risk: 
− 
Balanced portfolio - sections; 
− 
Credit quality (expected credit loss), total 
and per customer segment; 
− 
Credit growth, total and per customer 
segment 
Liquidity risk: 
− 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio;  
− 
Net Stable Funding Ratio; 
− 
Deposits to loans 
Operational risk: 
− 
IT Risk – Operational performance (forward 
looking assessment); 
− 
IT 
Risk 
– 
Operational 
performance 
(backward looking assessment); 
− 
Past loss events 
− 
Security risk (Forward-looking assessment, 
IT)

--- Page 162 ---
153 
 
Reputational risk: 
− 
Overall risk assessment, potential events and 
consequences 
Risk categories 
Risk measurement and monitoring constitute an integral part of the DNB Group’s management processes. In the 
DNB Group, risk is divided into six main categories which are subject to special measurement and monitoring: 
credit risk, counterparty credit risk, market risk, operational risk, insurance risk and liquidity risk. In addition to 
these categories, the DNB Group is exposed to the following: strategic risk, business risk, basis risk, credit spread 
risk and compliance risk. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses due to failure on the part of the DNB Group’s customers to meet their 
payment obligations towards DNB Group. Credit risk refers to all claims against customers, primarily loans, but 
also liabilities in the form of other extended credits, guarantees, interest bearing securities, approved, undrawn 
credits and interbank deposits. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which is the risk associated with large 
exposures to a single customer and clusters of commitments in geographical areas or industries, or with 
homogeneous customer groups.  
Counterparty credit risk 
Counterparty credit risk is a form of credit risk that arises in connection with trades in financial instruments, such 
as derivatives. Counterparty credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will fail to perform its contractual 
obligations in a transaction.  
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and 
equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in profits due to volatility in market prices and exchange 
rates. Market risk includes both risk which arises through ordinary trading activities and risk which arises as part 
of banking activities and other business operations. In addition, market risk arises in DNB Livsforsikring through 
the risk that the return on financial assets will not be sufficient to meet the obligations specified in agreements 
with customers. Residual value risk is the risk that the value of collateral securing exposure is lower than expected. 
Residual value risk is included in credit risk in the capital adequacy framework, but in internal DNB Group 
reporting it is included as market risk. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes or systems, human errors 
or external events. This definition includes legal risk, but not strategic risk or reputation risk. 
Insurance risk  
Insurance risk is the risk associated with operations in DNB Livsforsikring and refers to changes in insurance 
obligations due, inter alia, to changes in life expectancy and disability rates within life insurance.  
Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and the risk 
that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in appurtenant costs. 
Liquidity is vital for financial operations, but as a rule this risk does not materialise until other events give rise to 
concern about the DNB Group’s ability to meet its financial obligations.

--- Page 163 ---
154 
 
Credit policy 
According to the DNB Group’s credit policy, approved by the Board, the principal objective for credit activity is 
that the loan portfolio should have a quality and a composition which secure the DNB Group’s profitability in the 
short and long term. The quality of the credit portfolio should be consistent with the DNB Group’s low risk profile 
target. 
Credit risk management and control of credit risk 
The risk appetite framework defines maximum limits for credit exposure. Limits have been set for annual growth, 
risk concentrations and credit quality. There is an upper limit for growth, measured in terms of EAD, for each 
customer segment. To limit concentration risk, there are limits for risk exposure on individual customers and 
industry segments. The limits for credit quality are defined as limits for Expected Credit Loss (ECL) and applies 
to all types of credit risk. ECL is measured using internal credit risk models and forward-looking macroeconomic 
assumptions.  
In addition to the risk appetite framework, there are credit strategies for the individual customer segments. 
Furthermore, there are established risk indicators, which are used for monitoring managers on all levels. 
The DNB Group’s credit policy regulates credit activity in the Bank. A customer’s debt servicing capacity is the 
key element when considering whether to approve a credit. If a customer has not proven a satisfactory debt 
servicing capacity, credit should normally not be extended even if the collateral is adequate. The value of collateral 
is intended to be assessed based on estimated realisation value. 
All corporate customers granted credit must be classified according to risk in connection with every significant 
credit approval and, unless otherwise decided, at least once a year. In the personal banking market, where there 
are a large number of customers, the majority of credit decisions are made on the basis of automated scoring and 
decision support systems. Risk classification reflects long-term risk associated with each customer and the 
customer’s credit commitment. 
Credits showing a negative development are identified and followed up separately. If financial covenants have 
been breached, or if a loss event has occurred in cases where no impairment losses have been made, the credit 
will be put on a watch list for special monitoring. Loss events include serious financial problems on the part of 
the debtor, the approval of grace periods due to the debtor’s financial problems or serious breaches of contract. In 
addition, customers classified as high risk are also considered as watch list candidates. When a customer is placed 
on a watch list, a new risk classification is made, the collateral reviewed and an action plan prepared for the 
customer relationship. Each time the commitment is reviewed, an assessment is made of whether a loss event has 
occurred. If a loss event has occurred, a loan loss equation is prepared, which in turn may result in impairment 
losses. 
Exposure to the limits set in the risk appetite framework is reported to group management each month. If the limits 
are exceeded, it will be immediately reported to the Board, accompanied by an action plan explaining how the 
risk will be handled. A quarterly risk report for the DNB Group is distributed to the Board, giving an extensive 
description of the risk appetite status and other developments in the risk situation. 
Developments in credit risk are monitored closely. Each month, the credit portfolios are analysed and reported 
along several dimensions, such as industry segment, customer segment and geography. This reporting is 
undertaken by a unit that is independent of the business units. In the internal monitoring of credit risk, all portfolios 
are measured and reported according to IRB models, independent of whether the portfolio is scored in models 
approved for use in capital adequacy calculations. 
Economic capital for credit risk is calculated for all facilities and forms the basis for assessing the profitability of 
the individual facilities. Calculations of economic capital are based on risk parameters in the IRB models.

--- Page 164 ---
155 
 
The DNB Group has extensive experience with classification systems as support for credit decisions and 
monitoring. Data and analytical tools are an integrated part of risk management. 
The DNB Group’s credit risk models provide a basis for statistically based calculations of expected losses from a 
long-term perspective and economic capital from a portfolio perspective. The calculations are based on several 
risk parameters, with the most important being: 
• 
Probability of default (PD), which is used to measure credit quality. Customers are classified based on 
the probability of default. 
• 
Exposure at default (EAD), which is an estimated figure which includes amounts drawn under credit 
limits or loans as well as a percentage share of committed, undrawn credit lines. 
• 
Loss given default (LGD), which indicates how much the DNB Group expects to lose if the customer 
fails to meet his or her obligations, taking into account the collateral provided by the customer and other 
relevant factors. 
Based on these parameters, the DNB Group puts customers into risk classes DNB Group’s  models for risk 
classification of customers are adapted to different industries and segments and are upgraded where subsequent 
verification shows that the explanatory power has declined over time. The DNB Group divides its portfolio into 
ten risk grades based on the PD for each commitment. Commitments in default, categorised as defaulted, are 
assigned a PD of 100.0 per cent. 
Validation is a key element in assuring the quality of the IRB system and can be divided into quantitative and 
qualitative validation. Quantitative validation tests the risk models, whereas qualitative validation tests the 
structure of the IRB system and whether it is used as intended. At least once a year, the Board is required to present 
a validation report detailing whether the DNB Group’s credit risk is adequately classified and quantified. 
The table below summarises the development of EAD for loans and commitments to customers of the DNB Group 
per probability of default group:

--- Page 165 ---
156 
 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(NOK billions) 
Probability of default 0.01 per cent. .............  
1,570.5 
1,476.7 
1,447.0 
Probability of default 0.75 per cent. .............  
432.9 
441.5 
432.1 
Probability of default 3.0 per cent. ...............  
73.5 
83.6 
79.6 
Net commitments in stage 3 .........................  
20.7 
25.7 
17.9 
Total portfolio .............................................  
2,097.7 
2,027.6 
1,976.6 
 
 
 
 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and 
equity markets. The risk arises in consequence of fluctuations in profits due to changes in market prices or 
exchange rates. Market risk includes both risk that arises through ordinary trading activities and risk that arises as 
part of banking activities and other business operations.  
Economic capital for market risk should, at a confidence level of 99.9 per cent., cover all potential losses related 
to market risk on a one-year time horizon. Exposure included in the model for calculating economic capital could 
be either actual exposure or limits and constitutes a conservative estimate where the DNB Group is assumed 
always to be incorrectly positioned relative to market developments. The realisation period is the time required to 
realise positions in highly volatile markets and varies from two days for positions in the most commonly traded 
currencies to 250 trading days for the bank’s investment portfolio.  
Financial instruments in the DNB Group are divided into 25 risk categories. Economic capital is calculated on the 
basis of expected developments in the value of an asset class or risk factor. To estimate annual losses, the value 
of each underlying instrument is simulated over a period of one year. Subsequent to this, losses for each potential 
realisation period are estimated.  
Value at Risk (VaR) is used to compare risk across asset classes, and to monitor the level of risk for each risk 
type. VaR is calculated for interest rate, equity and currency risk attached to both banking and trading activities. 
The volatility in the fixed income markets in 2019 is reflected in the VaR for interest rate risk associated with 
trading activities, which ranged between NOK 12 million and NOK 23 million. The annual average of total VaR 
in 2020 was NOK 16.6 million, which was 6 per cent. lower than in 2019. In 2021, the VaR for interest rate risk 
associated with trading activities ranged between NOK 19.7 million and NOK 32 million. The annual average of 
total VaR in 2021 was NOK 23.4 million, which was 41 per cent. higher than in 2020.  
Economic capital for total market risk in the DNB Bank Group (pre-merger) at 31 December 2020 was NOK 8.9 
billion, compared to NOK 5.8 billion as at 31 December 2019. The economic capital for total market risk in the 
DNB Group (post-merger) was NOK 11 billion at 31 December 2020, compared to NOK 10.6 billion at 31 
December 2021 
The value of items on and off the balance sheet is affected by interest rate movements. The interest rate sensitivity 
table below shows potential losses for the DNB Group excluding Poland resulting from parallel one percentage 
point changes in all interest rates. The calculations are based on a hypothetical situation where interest rate 
movements in all currencies are unfavourable for the DNB Group relative to the Bank’s positions. Also, all interest 
rate movements within the same interval are unfavourable for the DNB Group. The figures will thus reflect 
maximum losses for the DNB Group. 
The calculations are based on the DNB Group positions as at 31 December and market rates on the same date. 
The table does not include administrative interest rate risk and interest rate risk tied to non-interest-earning assets.

--- Page 166 ---
157 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
798 
357 
196 
153 
344 
55 
USD 
63 
11 
63 
105 
35 
256 
EUR 
17 
55 
35 
8 
24 
41 
GBP 
3 
0 
16 
0 
1 
19 
SEK 
13 
70 
14 
5 
14 
62 
Other currencies 
9 
31 
6 
4 
4 
42 
31 December 2020(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
758 
216 
417 
153 
200 
172 
USD 
94 
44 
25 
33 
73 
153 
EUR 
78 
45 
23 
13 
149 
171 
GBP 
3 
6 
 
 
1 
9 
SEK 
33 
8 
16 
5 
2 
32 
Other currencies 
5 
28 
7 
6 
3 
38 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK ..................................... 
10 
447 
489 
596 
98 
465 
USD ...................................... 
1 
118 
81 
100 
9 
72 
EUR ...................................... 
4 
50 
5 
20 
87 
109 
GBP ...................................... 
3 
4 
10 
2 
 
11 
SEK ...................................... 
40 
7 
24 
10 
3 
36 
Other currencies 
8 
23 
27 
5 
2 
55 
Notes: 
(1) 
Figures extracted from the DNB Group’s 2021 Annual Financial Statements. 
(2) 
Applies to the DNB Group excluding DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Bank Polska S.A 
 
The table shows interest rate sensitivity associated with financial assets in DNB Livsforsikring, excluding 
commercial paper and bonds held to maturity. The interest rate sensitivity of a security shows potential changes 
in the security’s value resulting from a one percentage point change in interest rates. 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
6 
40 
76 
552 
1022 
1,696 
USD 
0 
11 
24 
91 
414 
475 
EUR 
2 
12 
6 
46 
98 
136 
GBP 
0 
0 
1 
3 
46 
48 
Other currencies 
0 
2 
14 
0 
24 
8 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
7 
77 
58 
492 
454 
1,089 
USD 
2 
12 
2 
103 
403 
499 
EUR 
1 
17 
1 
81 
144 
218 
GBP 
 
 
 
3 
51 
53 
Other currencies 
 
1 
16 
 
27 
10

--- Page 167 ---
158 
 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK  
11 
69 
72 
451 
334 
937 
USD 
4 
9 
3 
44 
173 
209 
EUR  
2 
5 
1 
51 
94 
143 
GBP 
 
1 
 
2 
12 
13 
Other currencies 
 
3 
12 
 
5 
10 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and the risk 
that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in appurtenant costs. 
Liquidity is vital to financial operations, though this risk category will often be conditional in the respect that it 
will not materialise until other events give rise to concern regarding the DNB Group’s ability to meet its 
obligations. 
Liquidity risk management and measurement 
Liquidity risk is managed and measured by several techniques, as no single technique can fully quantify this type 
of risk. The techniques include the monitoring of balance sheet key ratios, average residual maturity on term 
funding and future funding requirements, including refinancing needs.  
The Bank’s liquidity management is organised based on a clear authorisation and reporting structure, and is in 
accordance with the regulations on prudent liquidity management. The Board of Directors regularly reviews the 
Bank’s liquidity risk and determines limits and guidelines. The Board reviews the limits each year or more 
frequently if required. The limit structure for liquidity risk is in compliance with the structure in the Basel III 
framework. The limits for LCR and NSFR are part of the DNB Group’s risk appetite framework, along with the 
ratio of deposits to net loans. 
Liquidity risk is managed through short and long-term limits. The short-term limits restrict the net refinancing 
requirement within seven, 30, and 90 days. The long-term limits set requirements for the share of lending and 
other illiquid assets which is to be financed by stable sources such as customer deposits or funding with a residual 
maturity of minimum 12 months. 
In addition to maintaining a broad deposit and funding base from both retail and corporate customers, liquidity 
management in the DNB Group aims to ensure diversified funding of other business activities. In many countries 
like Norway, with small domestic financial markets, banks rely on international funding in various currencies for 
part of their lending in the domestic market. Such international funding contributes to volatility in the DNB 
Group’s results, in the form of basis swap risk. As part of the diversification of funding sources, DNB Group 
focuses on having good relationships with a large number of international investors. The Bank is a regular issuer 
of short- and long-term debt securities in the Norwegian and international capital markets. See “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Funding—Debt 
securities issued”. 
Covered bonds are an important instrument for long-term funding. The bonds are issued by the Bank’s subsidiaries 
DNB Boligkreditt AS, and are secured by the Company’s residential mortgage portfolios. During periods of 
turmoil, covered bonds have proved to be a more robust and considerably lower priced funding instrument than 
ordinary senior bonds.

--- Page 168 ---
159 
 
The Bank has a short-term commercial paper program in the United States, through its USD 25 billion USCP 
Program with maturities of up to 13 months. U.S. short-term funding sources are further diversified through a so-
called Yankee CD Program, totalling USD 25 billion, with maturities of up to 36 months. The certificates of 
deposits are issued by the Bank’s New York Branch. This has helped ensure stable short-term funding in the U.S. 
market during periods of turbulence in other markets. In Europe, the Bank has a multi-currency EUR 15 billion 
ECP/CD Program with maturities of up to 12 months, which is operated out of the head office in Oslo and provides 
funding from the European market. 
As a bank with a high credit rating in a relatively strong economy, the Bank attracts substantial funds from other 
banks, central banks and money market funds. These include both operating deposits and excess liquidity from 
both domestic and international banks. A large portion of these funds represents short-term deposits from money 
market funds which also have short-term deposits in central banks. Together with commercial paper funding, this 
creates a liquidity buffer in the short term. 
Even though the Bank is a well-established international borrower that has enjoyed ample access to international 
markets during periods of market turbulence, it also uses the domestic market for diversification purposes. 
Domestic funding also helps limit the market risk related to price movements in the basis-swap market, causing 
volatility in profits and losses. The Norwegian domestic covered bond market has outgrown the Norwegian 
government bond market in terms of outstanding volumes, and is regarded by market participants as being just as 
liquid as the government bond market. 
As an element in ongoing liquidity management, the Bank needs to have a holding of securities that can be used 
to regulate the DNB Group’s liquidity requirements and serve as collateral for operations in the currencies in 
which the bank is active. The securities are used, among other things, as collateral for short-term loans in central 
banks and serve as liquidity buffers to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements. Market risk in the liquidity portfolio 
is measured on an ongoing basis. In addition, developments in the credit rating of the underlying securities are 
followed up and reported on an ongoing basis. 
At year-end 2021 the liquid assets totalled NOK 576 billon. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled NOK 166 
billion at year-end 2021, of which NOK 90 billion represented Norwegian government and other public sector 
bonds. At year-end 2020 the liquid assets totalled NOK 609 billon. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled 
NOK 200 billion at year-end 2020, of which NOK 111 billion represented Norwegian government and other 
public sector bonds. At year-end 2019 the liquid assets totalled NOK 546 billon. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio 
totalled NOK 178 billion at year-end 2019, of which NOK 44 billion represented Norwegian government and 
other public sector bonds. 
For the DNB Group’s liquidity and funding maturity structure, see “Selected Statistical Data—Maturity profiles 
of assets, liabilities and financial derivatives”. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and systems, human errors 
or external events. This definition includes legal risk, but not strategic risk or reputation risk. 
Unlike most other types of risk, operational risk normally does not give higher expected returns the higher the 
risk. The DNB Group’s quality assurance process is designed to help the DNB Group reach its low operational 
risk target. 
The DNB Group quantifies operational risk by measuring economic capital. For most areas the calculation is the 
same as the standardised method in CRR. The net economic capital for operational risk for the DNB Group was 
NOK 7.8 billion, NOK 7.5 billion and NOK 8.8 billion as of 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, respectively.

--- Page 169 ---
160 
 
Operational risk management and measurement 
Management of operational risk shall contribute to efficient and successful operations. The DNB Group has a goal 
of low operational risk and low annual losses. The Board has the main responsibility for operational risk 
management in the DNB Group, which is handled by the Risk Management Committee. This entails establishing 
a sound risk culture and clearly delegating responsibility for ongoing monitoring and control of operational risk. 
All managers in the DNB Group are required to be aware of and manage operational risk in their own processes, 
systems, products and services.  
The responsibility for operational risk lies in the business and support areas. The largest areas have their own 
departments working on this. The Group Operational Risk Division in Group Risk Management is the DNB 
Group's central specialist unit for operational risk management, and constitutes the DNB Group's second-line 
defence for operational risk. Group Operational Risk is an independent control function with responsibility for 
the framework for operational risk management, group reporting and risk reduction through insurance. Group 
Operational Risk is also responsible for the maintenance and development of the DNB Group's risk management 
tools, which facilitate comprehensive management and measurement of risk and compliance. Dedicated 
operational risk officers have been established affiliated with Group Operational Risk to monitor operational risk 
in all business and support areas.  
The DNB Group's risk appetite sets the limits for how much operational risk the DNB Group is willing to accept. 
Risk identification and assessment, together with registration and follow-up of operational events, shall provide 
an overall picture of the operational risk and contribute to reliable measurement of risk. See “Risk Management 
and Risk-Adjusted Performance―Responsibilities and organisation” for further information. 
Operational loss events in the DNB Group are registered, reported and followed up on an ongoing basis in the 
DNB Group’s event database. Compliance breaches are registered in the database as well. 
The annual internal control assessment is a key element in the DNB Group’s operational risk management. All of 
the DNB Group’s business areas and staff and support units carry out a self-assessment of their current status in 
this field, combined with a process to identify areas of risk that more units may have in common. Thereafter, 
concrete risk-mitigating measures are identified. These processes are part of the DNB Group’s internal control 
reporting. In addition, developments in operational risk are reported each quarter to group management and the 
Board of Directors as an element in the DNB Group’s risk reporting. 
The DNB Group’s insurance coverage is an element in operational risk management. Insurance contracts are 
entered into to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in spite of established security 
routines and other risk-mitigating measures. The insurance program also covers legal liabilities the DNB Group 
may face related to its operations. 
Business risk 
Business risk is the risk of losses due to external factors such as the market situation or government regulations. 
Such risk also includes loss of income due to a weakened reputation. 
Business risk is manifested in an unexpected decline in profits. Such a decline can be caused by competitive 
conditions resulting in lower volumes and pressure on prices, competitors introducing new products, government 
regulations or negative media coverage. Losses arise if the DNB Group fails to adapt its cost base to such changes. 
Negative media coverage may be a consequence of other risk factors, but is handled as business risk in the DNB 
Group. A damaged reputation can have an adverse impact on all business areas, independent of where in the DNB 
Group or in the rest of the financial industry the original incident occurred.

--- Page 170 ---
161 
 
Business risk management and measurement 
As business risk may arise due to various risk factors, a broad range of tools is applied to identify and report such 
risk. 
Sound strategic planning is instrumental in reducing business risk. Reputational risk is managed through policies 
and business activities, including compliance. 
The DNB Group’s active commitment to corporate social responsibility and the code of ethics for employees also 
have a positive impact on business risk. 
Reputational risk is managed by monitoring media coverage, while the competitive situation is managed by 
analysing market trends and developments in market shares. 
The DNB Group has developed a model for calculating business risk per business area. The model is based on 
past fluctuations in income and costs and is structured so that if all other factors are kept constant, high income 
volatility raises the risk level and thus economic capital. Vice versa, a highly flexible cost structure will reduce 
economic capital. 
The net economic capital for business risk for the DNB Group was NOK 6.5 billion, NOK 6.5 billion and NOK 
6.9 billion as of 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
Quality of non-performing exposures by geography 
The table shows quality of non-performing exposures divided into on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
exposures. Further it shows the most significant geographical areas. The geographical breakdown is based on the 
residence of the counterparty. Most of the credit portfolio is linked to Norway or Norwegian customers. The gross 
carrying amount of non-performing exposures amounted to NOK 36,823 million at end-December 2021, down 
from NOK 38,537 million in the second quarter of 2021. The geographical area with the highest volume of non-
performing exposures is Norway, while the areas with the highest share of non-performing exposures in relation 
to total exposures are Other countries (4 per cent) followed by Great Britain (2 per cent). Other countries are 
exposures to geographical areas that are not deemed material. 
 
 
Gross carrying/Nominal amount 
 
 
 
Amounts in NOK 
million 
 
Of which: Non-performing 
Of which: 
Subject to 
impairment 
Accumulated 
impairment 
Provisions on 
off-balance sheet 
commitments 
and financial 
guarantee given 
Accumulated 
negative changes 
in fair value due 
to credit risk on 
non-performing 
exposures  
 
Off which: 
Defaulted 
On balance sheet 
exposures  
2,329,804 
31,467 
31,467 
2,174,054 
(10,180) 
 
 
Norway 
1,434,129 
17,173 
17,173 
1,362,361 
(5,032) 
 
 
Germany 
277,159 
1 
1 
267,436 
(8) 
 
 
Sweden 
172,479 
1,073 
1,073 
140,208 
(244) 
 
 
Great Britain 
45,318 
127 
127 
42,546 
(70) 
 
 
USA 
52,130 
1,407 
1,407 
51,758 
(387) 
 
 
International 
organisations 
34,024 
 
 
0 
 
 
 
Other countries 
314,565 
11,686 
11,686 
309,744 
(4,440) 
 
 
Off balance sheet 
exposures 
773,481 
5,356 
5,356 
 
 
(1,221) 
 
Norway 
511,374 
1,597 
1,597 
 
 
(490) 
 
Sweden 
74,073 
52 
52 
 
 
(68) 
 
USA  
62,055 
1 
1 
 
 
(22) 
 
Great Britain 
31,012 
96 
96 
 
 
(21) 
 
Denmark 
12,216 
3 
3 
 
 
(16) 
 
Other countries 
82,752 
3,607 
3,607 
 
 
(606) 
 
Total  
3,103,285 
36,823 
36,823 
2,174,054 
(10,180) 
(1,221)

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
MANAGEMENT 
As from 1 January 2016 the Financial Enterprises Act was implemented in Norway, including, among other things, 
changes in governing bodies. According to the regulation, Supervisory Boards and Control Committees are no 
longer required and the responsibilities of the Control Committee were transferred to the internal audit and other 
governing bodies. As a substitution for the Supervisory Board, the Financial Enterprises Act allows the 
establishment of a Corporate Assembly. The DNB Group elected not to establish a Corporate Assembly. There 
are statutory measures to prevent abuse of control in place under the Norwegian Public Limited Liability 
Companies Act. In addition, the Financial Enterprises Act imposes stricter rules for banks regarding business 
requirements and capital requirements that in practice prevent abuse of ownership and/or control.  
Board of Directors 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Board determines principal goals, strategic choices and financial plans for the DNB Group and is continually 
updated on the DNB Group's financial position and development by approving quarterly and annual reports and 
through a monthly review of the DNB Group's financial position and development. Furthermore, the Board 
ensures that operations are subject to adequate control and that the DNB Group's capital position is satisfactory 
relative to the risk and scale of operations. In order to perform its responsibilities, the Board must make such 
inquiries as it considers necessary, and must also supervise the day-to-day management of the Bank and its 
business in general. In accordance with the Bank’s articles of association, the Board must consist of between nine 
and eleven members. Three of the members, including the deputy members, shall, if required by a majority of the 
employees, be employed in a company in the DNB Group. Members are elected for terms of up to two years. The 
Chairperson and Vice-chairperson are elected separately by the annual general meeting for a term of up to two 
years. The current Chairperson is Olaug Svarva and the current Vice-chairperson is Svein Richard Brandtzæg. 
The total remuneration paid to the Board in 2021 (excluding remuneration received as employees of the Bank) 
was NOK 5,859,000. Set forth below are details regarding the members of the Board. 
 
Name 
Current position 
Member since 
End of current term 
Olaug Svarva 
Chair 
2018 
2022 
Svein Richard Brandtzæg 
Vice chair 
2020 
2023 
Jaan Ivar Gjærum 
Semlitsch 
Board member 
2015 
2023 
Gro Bakstad 
Board member 
2019 
2023 
Jens Petter Olsen 
Board member 
2019 
2023 
Kim Wahl 
Board member 
2013 
2022 
Julie Galbo 
Board member 
2020 
2022 
Lillian Hattrem 
Board employee representative 
2016 
2022 
Eli Solhaug 
Board employee representative 
2020 
2022 
Stian Tegler Samuelsen 
Board employee representative 
2020 
2022 
The business address of the Board is c/o DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 Oslo, Norway. 
Biographies of the Board of Directors 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Board, including their relevant management expertise 
and experience, an indication of any significant principal activities performed by them outside the DNB Group 
and the names of companies and partnerships of which any member of the Board is or has been a member of the 
administrative, management or supervisory bodies or partner during the previous five years (not including 
directorships and executive management positions in subsidiaries of the Company).

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
Olaug Svarva, chairperson, Ms Svarva holds an MBA and B.Sc. from the University of Denver, is an authorised 
portfolio manager from the Norwegian School of Economics and is a graduate from Trondheim Economic 
University College. She was CEO of Folketrygdfondet (the Government Pension Fund Norway) from 2006 to 
2018, where she previously held the role of investment director for Equities. She is the former managing director 
of SpareBank 1 Aktiv Forvaltning and was head of investment management at SpareBank 1 Livsforsikring. 
Additionally, Ms Svarva worked as a financial analyst in Carnegie and the DNB Group.  
Other key positions of trust: board member in Investinor AS; former board member in the Employers' Association 
Spekter, Oslo Børs (Oslo Stock Exchange) and the Norwegian Institute of Directors. She has also been a member 
of the Election Committees in Equinor, Telenor, Veidekke, Storebrand and Yara, and has experience from the 
Corporate Assemblies of Equinor, Telenor and Orkla. 
Svein Richard Brandtzæg, Vice chair, Mr Brandtzæg is a graduate engineer with a doctorate in chemistry from 
the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and a business graduate from BI Norwegian 
Business School. Mr Brandtzæg was CEO of Norsk Hydro from 2009 to 2019. He has been chair of the energy 
and climate committee in the European Round Table for Industry, and was chair of the Committee for Rural 
Business Development 2019-20. 
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the Board of Veidekke. Board member in Swiss Steel in Switzerland, Eramet 
Norway and Mondi Ltd. UK. 
Jaan Ivar Gjærum Semlitsch, Member, Mr Semlitsch holds a master's degree in Economics and Business 
Administration ('Siviløkonom') from the Norwegian School of Economics. He is the current CEO of Orkla ASA, 
and was former president and CEO of Dixons Carphone International and Elkjøp Nordic AS. 
Other key positions of trust: Former Chair of the board of Elkjøp Norge AS and Statoil Norge AS. Former and 
current chair and member of the boards of several Norwegian companies. 
Gro Bakstad, Member, Ms Bakstad holds a master's degree in Economics and Business administration 
('Siviløkonom') and is a state-authorised public accountant from the Norwegian School of Economics. She has 
extensive experience within economics, finance and strategy work, and has been CEO in the transport group Vy 
since 2020. Former Chief Financial Officer of Posten Norge AS, financial adviser at Procorp, she has been Chief 
Financial Officer of Ocean Rig and Executive Vice President for the Mail Division at Posten Norge AS. 
Other key positions of trust: Board member in Veidekke ASA. Former board member in Farstad Shipping ASA 
and the Employers' Association Spekter. 
Jens Petter Olsen, Member, Mr Olsen holds a master's degree in business administration (higher division) from 
the Norwegian School of Economics, as well as Master of Philosophy in finance, and participated in the PhD 
program at London Business School. He was employed in Norges Bank and Norges Bank Investment 
Management (NBIM) from 1997 to 2008, and headed the office in New York from 2000 to 2008. He held several 
positions in Danske Bank from 2008 to 2018, including head of Markets Norway from 2011 to 2014 and head of 
Capital Markets from 2014 to 2018. 
Kim Wahl, Member, Mr Wahl holds an MBA from Harvard University. He has been chairperson the board of 
directors and owner of the private investment company Strømstangen AS. He was co-founder of the European 
Private Equity firm IK Investment Partners, where he was partner and vice-chairperson for 20 years. He also has 
experience from the US investment bank Goldman Sachs in London and New York. 
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board and co-founder of the Voxtra Foundation, established in 2008 
focusing on foreign aid and local investments in East Africa. Board member in UPM Kymmene Corporation and 
former board member in Intermediate Capital Group plc and the Kavli Trust. Has previously held a number of 
board positions in various industries.

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
Julie Galbo, Member, Ms Galbo holds a law degree from the University of Copenhagen and has completed the 
Executive Management Program at Insead.  
She is a former member of the group management of Nordea, holding positions such as Head of Group Business 
Risk Management, Chief Risk Officer and Head of Legal Structure Program. She has been a member of the Senior 
Executive Management in Nordea Asset Management. She has further been Deputy Director of the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Denmark and head of government capital contributions.  
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board of Fundamental Fondsmæglerselskab A/S. Board member of 
Trifork Holding AG and Velliv, Pension & Livsforsikring A/S. 
Lillian Hattrem, Member, employee representative, Ms Hattrem has education in finance from BI Norwegian 
Business School and joined the DNB Group in 1999. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative, Finance Sector Union DNB, Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Finance Sector Union of Norway. Has held several roles and positions of trust, including in the 
former supervisory board in the DNB Group. 
Stian Tegler Samuelsen, Member, employee representative, Mr Samuelsen joined the DNB Group in 1986, 
and has been chief employee representative/safety representative since 2001. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative on the board of the Finance Sector Union DNB. Head 
of the department for Buskerud in the Finance Sector Union. Has previously held several other roles and positions 
of trust, including board member in Sparebanken Nor Buskerud. 
Eli Solhaug, Member, employee representative, Ms Solhaug has education in coaching, relationship 
management and project management from Akershus University College (now OsloMet – Oslo Metropolitan 
University) and BI Norwegian Business School. She joined the DNB Group in 1982. 
Other key positions of trust: Deputy Head of the Finance Sector Union DNB and head of the department for the 
Oslo and Akershus region in the Finance Sector Union. Ms Solhaug has previously held other key positions of 
trust including as the DNB Group’s main safety representative and as member of the former supervisory board in 
the DNB Group. 
Independence 
The Bank complies with applicable rules regarding the independence of the Board. Olaug Johanne Svarva, Kim 
Wahl and Julie Galbo are independent.  
Board committees 
To ensure the Board’s smooth functioning, the Board has established a risk management committee, an audit 
committee, and a compensation and organisation committee.  
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee oversees the DNB Group’s internal control and risk management systems, as 
well as internal audits, to make sure that they function effectively. The committee considers changes to systems 
and procedures that are presented to the Board for approval. In addition, the Risk Management Committee 
provides advice on the DNB Group’s risk profile, including risk appetite, and prepares the Board’s follow-up of 
risk development and risk management. The Risk Management Committee advises the Board on a variety of 
topics, such as strategies for capital and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, risk related 
to compliance and reputation, as well as other risks. The Risk Management Committee consists of up to four 
members who are elected by the Board for two years at a time. There is also a requirement that the committee

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
must include at least one member experienced in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, 
complex firms. The organisation of the Risk Management Committee and the quarterly risk management report 
to the Board are considered to adequately cover the requirements in the countries in which the DNB Group 
operates, including the American CFR § 252.1441.  Members of the risk management committee are currently 
Jens Petter Olsen (Chair), Gro Bakstad, Svein Richard Brandtzæg, Lillian Hattrem and Julie Galbo, appointed 
among the members of the Board. In addition to the members of the Committee, the following must normally 
attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the CFO, the Group Chief Audit Executive and a representative of the 
statutory auditor. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee supervises the process of financial reporting and considers whether the DNB Group’s 
internal controls, including internal audit and risk management systems, work effectively. In addition, the 
committee ensures that the DNB Group has independent and effective external audit procedures. The Audit 
Committee reviews quarterly financial reporting for the DNB Group. The committee makes a thorough review of 
discretionary assessments and estimates in addition to any changes in accounting practice. The committee 
monitors the DNB Group’s internal control systems as well as the DNB Group’s internal audit, including ensuring 
that they work effectively, and evaluates changes to systems and procedures that are submitted to the Board. The 
Audit Committee considers the quarterly accounts and the proposed annual accounts for the Bank and the DNB 
Group. Members of the audit committee are currently Gro Bakstad (Chair), Jens Petter Olsen, Svein Richard 
Brandtzæg, Lillian Hattrem and Julie Galbo. In addition to the members of the Committee, the following must 
normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the CFO, the Group Chief Audit Executive and a representative of 
the statutory auditor. 
Compensation and Organisation Committee 
The Board of Directors elects up to four members to a Compensation and Organisation Committee. The committee 
normally meets six to seven times a year. One of the members is a board member elected by the employees. The 
Committee is responsible for preparing guidelines, frameworks and matters concerning remuneration that require 
the approval of the Board, including variable remuneration for employees in all or part of the Group and other 
important personnel-related matters concerning senior executives. The Committee is also responsible for 
preparing selected matters for the Board relating to culture, management and succession planning. Members of 
the audit committee are currently Olaug Svarva (Chair), Jann Ivar Gjærum Semlitsch, Kim Wahl and Lillian 
Hattrem. 
Bank Management 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Bank’s executive management team consists of 12 members. The CEO is appointed by the Board is 
responsible for the Bank’s day-to-day management. Responsibility for the management of the Bank is distributed 
among the business areas. The table below sets out the name, current position, year of appointment and business 
address for each of the members of the executive management team. 
 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointment 
Business address 
Kjerstin Braathen 
CEO 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo 
Ida Lerner  
CFO 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo

--- Page 175 ---
167 
 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointment 
Business address 
Anne Sigrun Moen 
Group Executive Vice 
President of People 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo 
Benjamin Golding 
Group executive vice-president 
Payments and Innovation 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Mirella Elisa Grant 
Group executive vice-president 
Compliance 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Håkon Hansen 
Group executive vice-president 
Wealth Management 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Sverre Krog 
Group executive vice-president 
Risk management 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo 
Maria Ervik Løvold 
Group executive vice-president 
Technology & Services 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Thomas Midteide 
Group executive vice-president  
Communications & Marketing 
2013 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Alexander Opstad 
Group executive vice-president  
DNB Markets 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo 
Harald Serck-Hanssen 
Group executive vice-president  
Corporate Banking  
2013 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo  
Ingjerd Blekeli Spiten  
Group executive vice-president  
Personal Banking 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 
0191 Oslo 
 
Biographies of the members of Bank management 
Kjerstin Braathen 
Chief Executive Officer since September 2019. Chairperson of Vipps AS. 
Former chief financial officer, Former group executive vice president for Corporate Banking Norway. Has many 
years’ experience from the Shipping, Offshore and Logistics division. Joined the DNB Group in 1999. Prior 
professional experience from Hydro Agri International.  
Master in Management degree from the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Nice Sophia Antipolis. 
Ida Lerner 
Chief Financial Officer since 1 November 2021. 
Background: Former Head of Risk Management, former Head of DNB CEMEA in London, and former Head of 
Customer Analysis in DNB CEMEA. Joined the DNB Group in 2007. Previous experience from HSBC and 
Nordea. 
Holds a Bachelor of Social Science with a major in Economics from the University of Stockholm.

--- Page 176 ---
168 
 
Anne Sigrun Moen 
Group Executive Vice President of People since 2021. 
Former Senior Advisor and Head of Division within Human Relations at the DNB Group from 2007-2018.  
Other professional experience includes positions as director of human resources in the Norwegian Tax 
Administration (“Skatteetaten”), human resources manager at DNV Maritime, principal consultant at DNV 
Learning and educational advisor at DNV Veritasskolen. Master’s degree from Oslo College of Education and a 
Bachelor’s degree from the University of Oslo. 
Ingjerd Blekeli Spiten 
Group Executive Vice President of Personal Banking since January 2018. 
Currently Senior Vice President Global Products at Telenor. Has previously worked as COO in Microsoft, and 
been employed in the DNB Group for eight years, most recently as head of eBusiness. Former owner and strategic 
advisor in Poio AS. Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Eiendom AS and board member in Fremtind 
Forsikring AS. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Harald Serck-Hanssen  
Group Executive Vice President of Corporate Banking since 2019. Former head of the Shipping, Offshore and 
Logistics Division. Joined the DNB Group in 1998. Prior professional experience from StoltNielsen Shipping and 
Odfjell Group. Board member in DigitalNorway. 
BA (Hons) degree in business studies from the University of Stirling and Advanced Management Program at 
INSEAD Fontainebleau.  
Alexander Opstad 
Group Executive Vice President of DNB Markets since 2019 
Prior positions in the DNB Group: Various positions within the Equities division of DNB Markets. Head of Equity 
Sales in London, global head of the equities division and part of the DNB Markets management team. Joined the 
DNB Group in 2005. 
Key positions of trust include: Chair of the board of DNB Markets, Inc., board member in the Norwegian 
Securities Dealers Association. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Håkon Hansen 
Group Executive Vice President of Wealth Management & Insurance since 2018.  
Background: Head of Private Banking and former head of DNB Luxembourg for ten years. Started his career with 
the DNB Group in 1987 in what was then called Sparebanken Buskerud and thereafter Sparebanken NOR. Chair 
of the board in DNB Livsforsikring. 
Bachelor of Business Administration from BI Norwegian Business School. Has also completed a management 
program in financial investments (Master of Management) at the same school.

--- Page 177 ---
169 
 
Benjamin Golding 
Group Executive Vice President of Payments and Innovation since 2021.  
Previously held the position of Executive Vice President of Payments, Open banking and Identity within the DNB 
Group after joining DNB in 2016. Previous professional experience at McKinsey & Co., Orkla, Aker Solutions 
and Akastor. 
Key positions of trust include: Chairman of the board of Bits AS and substitute board member at Vipps AS. 
Holds a Master of Technology in Cybernetics from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
Thomas Midteide 
Group Executive Vice President of Communications & Marketing since 2019. 
Background: Former executive vice president External Communication. Joined the DNB Group in 2009. Prior 
experience as head of Communications in SAS Norge, communications officer in VISA Norway and TV reporter 
and presenter in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, NRK. 
Holds a degree in journalism from Oslo University College, and in political science and criminology from the 
University of Oslo. 
Mirella Elisa Grant 
Group Executive Vice President of Compliance since 2018.  
Background: Former director general in the Ministry of Finance. Ms Grant previously worked in Bayerische 
Landesbank and in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository.  
Holds a degree in economics from the University of Cologne, Germany and a Master of Science degree from the 
London School of Economics.  
Maria Ervik Løvold 
Group Executive Vice President of Technology and Services since 2019. 
Background: Executive Vice President for the Product, Price and Quality division in Personal Banking. Head of 
section in and Deputy General Counsel for DNB Legal. Joined the DNB Group in 2010. Previous lawyer 
experience: Lawyer at Brækhus Advokatfirma. 
Holds a Law degree from the University of Oslo. 
Sverre Krog 
Group Executive Vice President of Risk Management since 2021. 
Background: Former Head of Division, Strategic Risk Intelligence in the DNB Group. Former Head of Section of 
Active Portfolio Management and Customer Analysis in Corporate Banking, DNB. Background from Corporate 
Finance. Joined DNB in 1999.  
Education: Master of Science in Business (‘Siviløkonom’) from BI Norwegian Business School. 
No company in the DNB Group has issued loans or securities to any members of the Board of Directors or the 
Bank’s management that are not on ordinary terms for employees of the DNB Group.

--- Page 178 ---
170 
 
The DNB Group is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the DNB Group of each 
of the persons listed above under the headings “—Board of Directors” and “—Bank Management” and his or her 
private interests or other duties. 
Shareholders 
On 1 July 2021, the Bank merged with DNB ASA by way of a transfer of DNB ASA’s shares into the Bank as 
acquiring company. Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in the Bank 
were simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. The following table 
sets forth as of 31 December 2021, the 20 largest shareholders of the Bank, the number of shares held by each 
shareholder and the percentage of outstanding shares represented by each shareholding. The completion of the 
merger and transfer of shares did not result in any dilution of the shareholders’ ownership.  
 
Shares in 1,000 
Ownership in  
per cent. 
Norwegian Government/Ministry of Trade, Industry  
and Fisheries ............................................................................................. 
527,124 
34.0 
DNB Savings Bank Foundation ............................................................... 
130,001 
8.4 
The Capital Group Companies, Inc. ......................................................... 
112,196 
7.2 
Folketrygdfondet ...................................................................................... 
96,732 
6.2 
BlackRock, Inc. ........................................................................................ 
51,974 
3.4 
The Vanguard Group, Inc. ........................................................................ 
34,822 
2.2 
Deutsche Bank AG Group ........................................................................ 
29,760 
1.9 
State Street Corporation ........................................................................... 
21,334 
1.4 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. ........................................................................ 
19,782 
1.3 
DNB Asset Management AS .................................................................... 
19,062 
1.2 
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS ............................................................ 
18,287 
1.2 
Kommunal Landspensjonskasse ............................................................... 
16,693 
1.1 
Schroders PLC 
15,476 
1.0 
Danske Bank Group ................................................................................. 
14,616 
0.9 
Nordea AB 
12,751 
0.8 
Davis Selected Advisers LP ..................................................................... 
11,473 
0.7 
Svenska Handelsbanken ........................................................................... 
10,499 
0.7 
Polaris Capital Management, LLC ........................................................... 
10,447 
0.7 
Ameriprise Financials............................................................................... 
10,101 
0.7 
APG Groep N.V. ...................................................................................... 
9,722 
0.6 
Total largest shareholders ..................................................................... 
1,172,852 
75.7 
Other shareholders .................................................................................... 
377,513 
24,3 
Total ......................................................................................................... 
1,550,365 
100.0 
 
 
 
 
The Bank is entitled to initiate share buy-back programs, up to the maximum limit approved by the annual general 
meeting. At the ordinary general meeting held on 27 April 2021, the Board was authorised to acquire own shares 
for a total face value of up to 3.5 per cent. of the company’s share capital, in addition to 0.5 per cent. that may be 
used for hedging purposes in DNB Markets. The authorisation is valid until the Bank’s ordinary general meeting 
on 26 April 2022, and the utilisation of the authorisation is subject to approval from the NFSA.

--- Page 179 ---
171 
 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
Overview  
The Bank is the result of a merger between Gjensidige NOR Sparebank ASA and Den norske Bank ASA, as 
registered in the Register of Business Enterprises on 19 January 2004, and in which Gjensidige NOR Sparebank 
ASA was the acquiring entity. This entity subsequently changed its name to DnB NOR Bank ASA and further 
changed its name to DNB Bank ASA in November 2011. The most relevant Norwegian legislation applicable to 
Norwegian commercial banks is: 
• 
the Public Limited Liability Company Act of 1997 (“PLCA”); 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Supervision Act of 1956, which regulates the supervision of, among other 
things, financial institutions and investments firms by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “NFSA”); and 
• 
the Financial Institutions Act. 
Supervisory and Other Regulatory Authorities 
Several governmental bodies are responsible for administering legislation governing financial institutions in 
Norway. 
The Ministry of Finance 
The Ministry of Finance grants all licences to engage in banking activities. The Ministry of Finance also issues 
regulations pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act on many important issues relating to financial institutions, 
including capital adequacy ratios. The Ministry of Finance may revoke any licence to engage in banking and 
insurance activities for violations of applicable laws and regulations. 
Finanstilsynet (The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, or NFSA) 
The NFSA was created pursuant to the Act on Financial Supervision of 7 December 1956 No. 1, which sets forth 
the responsibilities and powers of NFSA. The NFSA is an independent governmental entity with its own 
administrative staff and a five-member board of directors. However, the Ministry of Finance oversees the activities 
of the NFSA and administrative decisions made by the NFSA may be appealed to the Ministry of Finance. 
The NFSA’s mission is to ensure that financial institutions and financial markets in Norway function safely and 
efficiently. It establishes general rules and regulations for the entire financial industry in Norway and grants 
licences to all financial enterprises and limited licences to certain other companies, for example companies 
providing payments services. Any amendments to the articles of association of such institutions must be approved 
by the NFSA. 
The NFSA is responsible primarily for supervising and inspecting banks, insurance companies, financing 
companies, securities brokerage firms, collective investment fund management companies, real estate brokers, 
debt collectors, auditors, accountants, insurance brokers and financial holding companies. 
Norges Bank 
Norges Bank is the executive and advisory body for Norwegian monetary, credit and foreign exchange policy. 
Norges Bank is a separate legal entity owned by the Government and its executive board has seven members, all 
appointed by the King. Norges Bank carries out ordinary and central bank functions and has important functions 
in relation to the banking sector. Norges Bank is required to ensure that the financial system functions

--- Page 180 ---
172 
 
satisfactorily and may provide liquidity loans and make deposits with banks. Norges Bank also carries out money 
market operations. 
Regulatory Framework in Norway 
Overview 
The Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to the supervision of the NFSA. The NFSA prepares and/or issues 
regulations and supervises the operations of Norwegian financial institutions, among other things with regard to 
capital adequacy, accounting, governance structures and risk control and procedures. The NFSA has a range of 
tools to facilitate its supervision, such as the right to carry out site visits, and to interview the employees of an 
institution under its supervision and inspect the books and record of such institutions. In the event that the NFSA 
considers the operations of an institution to be unsound or that the institution is in breach of applicable laws or 
regulations within the NFSA’s jurisdiction, it may impose administrative sanctions on that institution, and it may 
also revoke the institution’s licence to operate. 
Norway is not a member of the EU, but as a member of the EEA, it has implemented almost all relevant EU 
directives and regulations relating to financial services in its local legislation. 
Authorisations 
Under Norwegian law, any institution that accepts deposits from the general public and provides credit must obtain 
a banking licence. The Bank, as a savings bank, was originally granted a licence according to the Norwegian 
Savings Bank Act of 24 May 1961 No. 1. However, since its conversion into a public limited company, the Bank 
is subject to the ongoing regulatory requirements of the Financial Institutions Act. 
Regulation of Banking and Insurance Activities 
The Financial Institutions Act (Finansforetaksloven) came into force on 1 January 2016. The Financial Institutions 
Act replaced the Savings Bank Act (Sparebankloven), the Commercial Banks Act (Forretningsbanloven), the Old 
Financial Institutions Act (Finansieringsvirksomhetsloven) and the Guarantee Schemes Act (Banksikringsloven), 
as well as parts of the Insurance Activity Act (Forsikringsvirksomhetsloven). The main purpose of the Financial 
Institutions Act was to consolidate the current legislation, but also make the financial legislation more simple and 
accessible for financial institutions and public authorities. Among other things, the changes concern new capital 
requirements, regulations on exchanging customer information between group companies, regulation of financial 
institutions’ use of names, regulations on company bodies, outsourcing and customer service. 
The Financial Institutions Act contains rules on incorporation, articles of association and share capital, governing 
bodies, business and dissolution/liquidation of commercial banks. The Financial Institutions Act also contains a 
requirement that banks shall make sure that the relation between market risk and other risk concerning the 
enterprise’s total assets, shares, equity certificates and other assets, including assets which consists of real estate, 
and the enterprise’s core capital is justifiable.  
A commercial bank may engage in all the business and services customary or natural for banks, and shall not 
conduct any activities other than what follows from applicable rules, the licence and the financial enterprise’s 
articles of association, pursuant to the Financial Institutions Act section 13-1. However, under the Financial 
Institutions Act section 13-9 a bank may, without violating the Financial Institutions Act section 13-1, have 
qualified holdings (more than 10 per cent. of the capital or the votes) in enterprises which cannot be part of a 
finance group so long as the reported value of the holding does not exceed 15 per cent. of the bank’s own funds 
pursuant to the last quarterly or yearly accounts. Such holdings may not in the aggregate exceed 60 per cent. of a 
bank’s own funds. The abovementioned does not prevent the bank from temporarily operating or participating in 
the operation of such business to the extent necessary for the bank to recover a claim.

--- Page 181 ---
173 
 
As a commercial bank, the Bank is subject to a number of specific rules under the Financial Institutions Act. 
According to these rules, the articles of association of the Bank must initially be approved by the NFSA. The same 
applies to certain types of amendments to the articles of association pursuant to Section 7-2 of the Financial 
Enterprises Regulation of 9 December 2016 No. 1502. Furthermore, the Bank’s equity may not be increased, 
decreased or repaid by means other than through distribution of retained profits, unless approved by the NFSA. 
Moreover, under the Financial Institutions Act section 10-6, the distribution of share capital, dividends, owner’s 
shares and primary capital shall not be set higher than what is deemed proper and compatible with prudence and 
standards of fair dealing, taking into annual results, potential future losses or the need for further capital in the 
financial enterprise. Resolutions regarding a decrease, increase or repayment of share capital are only valid when 
approved by the NFSA. Furthermore, the Bank needs consent from the NFSA to subscribe subordinated loans. 
Risk and capital assessments are based on capital requirements under Solvency II according to the standard 
approach. The requirement is risk-sensitive and gives a reflection of insurance companies’ actual risk. The total 
risk consists of market risk (70 per cent.), insurance risk (20 per cent.), health risk (6 per cent.) and operational 
risk (4 per cent.) at 31 December 2021. The solvency ratio is influenced by lower interest rates, reduced volatility 
adjustment, effect of repricing, change in best estimates and effect of changed market values. Insurance risk in 
DNB Livsforsikring includes mortality, longevity, disability, health and disaster risk. Disability and pure 
endowment constitute 87 per cent. of the total insurance risk. 
The Norwegian FSA has approved the use of transitional rules to fulfil the Solvency II capital requirement from 
1 January 2016. The most favourable rule for DNB Livsforsikring is the 16-year grace period for the 
implementation of market valuation of liabilities. According to this rule, DNB Livsforsikring may use book values 
of the obligations for a transitional period of 16 years. The rule will be phased out by one-sixteenth per year from 
1 January 2016. This rule has a relatively strong effect in periods with low interest rates, due to the gap between 
interest rates and guaranteed returns under the insurance products. 
Capital Requirements  
Norwegian banks are subject to ongoing capital adequacy requirements, which implement EU Directives based 
on the Basel III regime. Investors should consider the following discussion in connection with “Risk Management 
and Risk-Adjusted Performance—Capital Management”. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Background 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in recent 
years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. Among 
such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
“Basel Committee”) and implemented by the European Union through CRD IV and CRR (each as defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to implement 
the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital requirements. This package 
included the directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 27 June 2013 (the “CRD IV”) and Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR”). 
On 29 March 2019 the CRD IV and the CRR were incorporated into the Agreement on the European Economic 
Area, which entered into force on 1 January 1994, (the “EEA Agreement”). Subsequently the Norwegian 
parliament passed amendments to the Financial Institutions Act and the Ministry of Finance adopted changes to 
CRR/CRD IV implementing the CRD IV and the CRR in Norwegian law. Legislation implementing the CRD 
IV and the CRR for Norwegian institutions entered into force on 31 December 2019, implementing CRR as is and 
reflecting the provisions of CRD IV not already implemented in Norwegian legislation.

--- Page 182 ---
174 
 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a package of legislative proposals providing for 
reform of the prudential and resolution frameworks for EU banks and credit institutions. These proposals covered 
amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single 
Resolution Mechanism for the Banking Union. Following negotiations between the European Commission, 
European Parliament and European Council, the final legislation implementing these proposals was published in 
the EU Official Journal on 7 June 2019. The legislation consists of Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) 
No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 and came into force on 27 June 
2019 (the “EU Banking Reform Legislation”), with certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other 
provisions gradually being phased in and/or being subject to national implementation. 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, 
mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the Financial Stability 
Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation.  
On 11 June 2021, the CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 were implemented under Norwegian law. These amendments 
have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries in the European Economic Community. 
It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 2022. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements  
Pillar 1 Minimum Capital Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Prospectus consist of two pillars. 
Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As per the provisions 
of the Financial Institutions Act, banks must hold capital at least equal to 8 per cent. of their Risk Exposure 
Amount, within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be 
tier 1 capital.  
In addition, the Financial Institutions Act imposes various capital buffer requirements which must be met by 
Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
capital buffer requirements consist of (i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount, (ii) 
a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount (on Norwegian exposures) and (iii) a counter-
cyclical buffer of 1 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount(on Norwegian exposures, further described below). In 
addition, financial institutions (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian 
authorities have designated as systemically important must also comply with a buffer for systemically important 
financial institutions of 2 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount in order to mitigate systemic risk. The buffer 
requirements may change over time, including as discussed further below. 
Under CRD IV, each Member State is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to exposures 
in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other Member States are required to apply such rate to the 
exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether to recognise a rate higher 
than 2.5 per cent. of RWAs). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a particular bank will be the weighted 
average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where such bank has exposures from time to 
time (with the bank’s home relevant authority determining the applicable counter-cyclical buffer rate for 
exposures in jurisdictions outside the EU or in any EU jurisdiction where the relevant authority has not set a 
counter-cyclical buffer rate). 
Norwegian law provides that the Norwegian counter-cyclical buffer rate will be applicable in relation to a 
Norwegian bank’s exposure both in Norway and in any EEA jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction which has not 
set a counter-cyclical buffer rate, and that for a bank’s exposure in any EEA jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction 
where the relevant local authority has set a counter-cyclical buffer rate such rate shall be applied unless the 
Norwegian Ministry of Finance decides otherwise. The DNB Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rates are 
calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures.

--- Page 183 ---
175 
 
Since several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have set the requirement lower than 1.0 per cent., 
DNB Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is approximately 0.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2021. 
The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by the Ministry of Finance and the relevant authorities 
in each other Member State each quarter and may result in an increase or a decrease in the rate. A decision to 
increase the requirement may normally take effect no earlier than 12 months following such decision, whereas a 
decrease may take effect immediately. After being increased to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2019, 
the Ministry of Finance announced on 13 March 2020, following advice from Norges Bank, as one of its measures 
to mitigate the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, that it would reduce the counter-cyclical buffer to 1 
per cent. with immediate effect. In line with the recovery of the Norwegian economy, the counter-cyclical buffer 
will increase to 1.5 per cent. with effect from 30 June 2022 and to 2 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2022. 
It is expected that the counter-cyclical buffer will increase to 2.5 per cent. with effect from the first half of 2023. 
The systemic risk buffer in Norway is 4.5 per cent as of 31 December 2021. The DNB Group’s effective systemic 
buffer rates are calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has 
credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have set the requirement lower 
than 1.0 per cent., the DNB Group’s effective systemic buffer rate is approximately 3.1 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021.  
Pillar 2 requirements 
CRD IV permits regulators to require the banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred to as 
“Pillar 2” capital requirements. The NFSA’s Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements and 
are expected to reflect institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are not covered or only 
partly covered by Pillar 1. Further to the NFSA’s Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) for 2021, 
the NFSA announced on 13 December 2021 that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank and the DNB Group had 
been set at 1.9 per cent. of RWAs and must be met with common equity tier 1 capital. Further, the NFSA also 
advised that the Bank and the DNB Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer (“Pillar 2 guidance”) 
of not less than 1.5 per cent. on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital requirement. 
In the capital planning, the DNB Group takes into account full counter-cyclical buffer requirements of 2.5 per 
cent in Norway, which will increase the expected CET1 level to 17.6 per cent. for the DNB Group. This 
supervisory expectation, in addition to some headroom will be the targeted capital level. The headroom will reflect 
expected future capital needs including anticipated future regulatory capital changes and market-driven CET1 
fluctuations.  
Leverage requirements 
The Basel III framework also provided for capital requirements based on total (i.e., non-risk weighted) assets, 
referred to as leverage ratio requirements. On 20 December 2016, the Ministry of Finance resolved to impose a 
requirement for leverage ratio of 3 per cent. for banks, finance companies, holding companies in financial groups 
and investment firms who provides certain investment services, as well as a general buffer requirement of 2 per 
cent. for banks and an additional buffer requirement of 1 per cent. for systemically important banks. Any entity 
which does not comply with the leverage ratio requirements must send a plan to the NFSA within five business 
days with a timetable for the required increase of the leverage ratio. If the NFSA does not consider the plan to be 
sufficient, it can order the entity to implement various types of measures to remedy the situation. The regulation 
setting out the leverage ratio requirements has been effective as of 1 January 2017 and states that the requirements 
have been applicable as of 30 June 2017. Under the requirements, the Bank and the DNB Group (on a consolidated 
basis) are required to have a leverage ratio of 6 per cent. and the Parent and the DNB Group (on a consolidated 
basis) are required to have a leverage ratio of 6 per cent. As of 31 December 2021, the leverage ratio of the DNB 
Group was 7.3 per cent., compared to 7.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 and 7.4 per cent. as of 31 December 
2019.

--- Page 184 ---
176 
 
Liquidity requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRD IV includes requirements 
relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has introduced a LCR 
requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited size of the domestic capital 
market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, the minimum LCR for NOK is 
reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a 
result and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid 
assets, which may have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
A net stable funding ratio (“NFSR”) has also been proposed with the Basel III framework. This funding seeks to 
calculate the proportion of long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding. Norway has so far not 
implemented NSFR liquidity rules pending further developments in EU regulations governing NSFR. 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”, which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as amended from time 
to time, including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to 
provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
relevant entity (“relevant entities” being credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and 
certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for the 
general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement in February 2018 and legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway was 
passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force from 1 January 2019 at Chapter 20 of 
the Financial Institutions Act. The amendments made to BRRD by Directive (EU) 2019/879 have not yet been 
implemented in Norway. The legislation set forth that any further possible supplements and regulation of the 
details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be determined through regulations 
passed by the Ministry under the Financial Institutions Act. On 20 December 2018 the Ministry of Finance adopted 
changes to the Regulations on financial institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 
(“Financial Institutions Regulation”) setting forth general rules for MREL (see further below). 
Following entry into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank and the DNB Group are now 
subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be 
used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: 
(i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment 
obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would 
include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which 
write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, 
which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-
in tool”), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 185 ---
177 
 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are insufficient to 
maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional 
financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of capital 
instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any further cancellation, transfer or 
dilution. 
If Notes (or a percentage of the outstanding principal amount of each Note) of a holder of Notes are required to 
be exchanged and the holder of Notes is DTC or a nominee for DTC (DTC or such nominee for DTC acting in 
such capacity as is specified in the rules and regulations of DTC) then, on the date of such exchange, the rights of 
the holder of Notes (including to payment of the outstanding principal amount and interest, and to receive ordinary 
shares from the Issuer) in relation to such Notes being exchanged are immediately and irrevocably terminated and 
the Issuer will issue the exchange number of ordinary shares to a nominee (which nominee may not be the Issuer 
or a related entity of the Issuer) for no additional consideration. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case 
may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant 
entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the 
economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels of own 
funds and other eligible liabilities (“MREL”) which would be available to be written down or bailed-in in order 
to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect (subject to transitional 
provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 supplementing Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council sets forth draft regulatory technical standards 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities. In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. On 20 December 2018 the NFSA adopted 
changes to the Financial Institutions Regulation implementing general rules for Norwegian MREL requirements.  
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the fulfilment 
of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). For example, 
instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be bailed-in (but would 
not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Any Notes issued under the Program could potentially be bailed-
in, including Notes that are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should therefore be aware that a broad range of 
debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in any Notes 
that are bailed-in. 
In December 2017, an EU Directive was published which required Member States to change their insolvency laws 
by the end of 2018 to create a new class of ‘non-preferred senior’ creditors in the creditor hierarchy. This new 
class is designed to form part of the senior unsecured class, ranking ahead of tier 2 capital and other subordinated

--- Page 186 ---
178 
 
debts, but ranking behind ordinary senior unsecured debts. It is intended that instruments issued as part of the new 
class should (subject to satisfaction of the other requisite criteria) constitute ‘eligible liabilities instruments’, being 
instruments which are not own funds (i.e. tier 1 or tier 2 capital) but are eligible for inclusion in MREL.  
On 19 December 2018 the Norwegian Ministry of Finance passed and published the final Norwegian MREL 
requirements. The DNB Group is, based on the future expected CET1 requirement of 17.6 per cent., required to 
hold total MREL capital equal to approximately 37 per cent. of RWAs (adjusted for RWAs stemming from DNB 
Boligkreditt AS as the covered bond entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible debt of approximately EUR 
14 billion. Out of this, approximately EUR 7 billion will need to be issued in the form of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, while the remaining part can be issued in the form of Senior Preferred Notes. Senior preferred debt issued 
by the Bank with a minimum remaining tenor of one year will continue to qualify as MREL capital until 1 January 
2024. 
CRR Quick Fix 
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced the adoption, by way of Regulation (EU) 2020/873, which further 
amended the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the “CRR”), of exceptional rules to facilitate 
bank lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in recovering from the COVID-19 crisis. 
The Regulation was published in the EU Official Journal on 26 June 2020 and entered into effect on 27 June 2020. 
The amendments to CRR, commonly referred to as the CRR Quick Fix package, include, among other things, 
changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are required to hold for non-performing loans (NPL) under 
the "prudential backstop", the extension by two years of transitional arrangements related to the implementation 
of the international accounting standard IFRS 9, additional flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects 
of the extreme market volatility observed during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of some 
capital relief measure for banks under CRR 2, most notably with respect to preferential treatment of certain loans 
backed by pensions or salaries and their SMEs and infrastructure loans, to encourage the credit flow to pensioners, 
employees, businesses and infrastructure investments. 
On 11 June 2021, the CRR Quick Fix package was adopted in Norway as part of the implementation of CRDV, 
CRR 2 and BRRD2. These amendments have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries 
in the European Economic Community. It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 
2022. The CRR Quick Fix package is expected to only have minor impacts on the DNB Group’s CET1 ratio. 
Further Basel III changes 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission presented a regulatory proposal introducing the last part of the 
international Basel III recommendations in the EU, in the form of a proposed Regulation (CRR III) and Directive 
(CRD VI), also known as the 2021 EU Banking Package. The new rules include a new standard method for 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk that is more accurate and risk sensitive. A new output floor is also 
introduced for banks using the IRB (internal ratings-based) approach. The new output floor sets a lower limit on 
the capital requirements that banks calculate when using internal models. According to the new output floor, the 
value of risk exposure amount must not be set lower than 72.5 per cent. of what they would have been calculated 
as under the new standardised approach. The European Commission proposes to introduce the new rules from 1 
January 2025. The new output floor for capital requirements for banks using the IRB approach is to be introduced 
gradually from 1 January 2025, over a five-year period. Discussion of the proposed 2021 Banking Package in the 
European Parliament and Council is expected to take a couple of years.  
Limitations on Large Exposures 
A Norwegian bank cannot have a risk-weighted engagement with a single customer exceeding an amount 
corresponding to 25.0 per cent. of the bank’s own funds (ansvarlig kapital). The EU has adopted certain 
amendments to the large exposures rules in the CRD (including restricting exposures in the interbank market), 
which were implemented into Norwegian law in 2011.

--- Page 187 ---
179 
 
Regulation of Investment Services Provided by the Bank (DNB Markets) 
The Bank also holds a licence as an investment firm and is therefore also regulated by the Securities Trading Act. 
The investment services provided by the Bank (other than investment advice) are performed by DNB Markets, 
which is a department within the Bank and not a separate legal entity. The Securities Trading Act and adherent 
regulations implement the EEA rules corresponding to MiFID II.  
Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
The Financial Institutions Act requires that all savings banks and commercial banks incorporated in Norway shall 
be members of the Norwegian Banks’ Guarantee Fund. The Guarantee Fund provides a deposit guarantee of NOK 
2 million per depositor per bank, should a member bank be unable to meet its commitments. However, savings 
received by members of the Norwegian Bank's Guarantee Fund through a branch established in another EEA state 
or through cross border activities in another EEA state is limited to a deposit guarantee of EUR 100,000 in 
accordance with the deposit guarantee level stipulated in Directive 94/19/EC. 
Regulatory Developments  
MREL requirement – extension of grandfathering period  
The EU’s Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) has been effective in Norway since 1 January 2019. 
The DNB Group is, based on the future expected CET1 requirement of 17.6 per cent., required to hold total MREL 
capital equal to approximately 37 per cent. of RWAs (adjusted for RWAs stemming from DNB Boligkreditt AS 
as the covered bond entity), leading to a total need for MREL eligible debt of approximately EUR 14 billion. Out 
of this, approximately EUR 7 billion will need to be issued in the form of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, while the 
remaining part can be issued in the form of Senior Preferred Notes. Initially, preferred senior debt issued before 
1 January 2020, with more than one year’s remaining maturity, qualified as MREL-eligible debt until 31 
December 2022 (grandfathering). Due to the demanding market conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the NFSA announced on 26 May 2020 that the grandfathering period was to be extended to 1 January 2024, with 
there no longer being a requirement that the preferred senior debt qualifying until 1 January 2024 was issued 
before 1 January 2020.  
CRR Quick Fix 
On 19 June 2020, the EU Council announced, by way of Regulation (EU) 2020/873, which further amended the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (CRR), the adoption of the CRR Quick Fix package to 
facilitate bank lending in the EU in order to support households and businesses in recovering from the COVID-
19 crisis. The CRR Quick Fix Regulation was published in the EU Official Journal on 26 June 2020 and entered 
into effect on 27 June 2020. The amendments to CRR include, among other things, changes to the minimum 
amount of capital that banks are required to hold for non-performing loans (NPL) under the "prudential backstop", 
the extension by two years of transitional arrangements related to the implementation of the international 
accounting standard IFRS 9, additional flexibility for supervisors to mitigate negative effects of the extreme 
market volatility observed during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the earlier introduction of some capital relief 
measure for banks under CRR 2, most notably with respect to preferential treatment of certain loans backed by 
pensions or salaries and their SMEs and infrastructure loans, to encourage the credit flow to pensioners, 
employees, businesses and infrastructure investments. 
On 11 June 2021, the CRR Quick Fix package was adopted in Norway as part of the implementation of CRDV, 
CRR 2 and BRRD2. These amendments have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries 
in the European Economic Community. It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 
2022. The CRR Quick Fix package is expected to only have minor impacts on the DNB Group’s CET1 ratio.

--- Page 188 ---
180 
 
Implementation of CRR2/CRDV/BRRD2 in Norway 
On 11 June 2021, the CRDV, CRR 2 and BRRD2 were implemented under Norwegian law. These amendments 
have not, however, entered into force yet due to delays in other countries in the European Economic Community. 
It is expected that the amendments will enter into force in the first half of 2022. 
Regulation of Banks’ Lending Practices 
Banks’ lending practices towards households are currently regulated by the Home Mortgage Regulations and the 
Consumer Loan Regulations. On 9 December 2020, the Government decided to extend the applicable provisions 
of these regulations for a new period of four years, with a mid-term evaluation after two years. However, the two 
separate regulations will be combined into one common set of regulations on lending. The Government decided 
against following the Norwegian FSA’s recommendation to expand the regulatory scope to include loans secured 
by collateral other than property. However, this will be assessed in the evaluation to be performed in the autumn of 
2022.  
New Financial Contracts Act  
The new Financial Contracts Act was adopted by the Norwegian Parliament in December 2020. The Act is 
expected to enter into force on 1 January 2023. The new Act is based on the current one, with comprehensive 
amendments. Due to the scope and complexity of the Act, the DNB Group had already established a fast-working 
Group project in the summer of 2020, to identify the need for adjustments to systems, products and services.  
Risk mitigation through Innovation Norway's growth guarantee scheme 
The purpose of the growth guarantee scheme is to make bank financing more easily available to innovative or 
fast-growing SMEs. The guarantee scheme is based on an agreement between the European Investment Fund and 
Innovation Norway. Through the scheme, Innovation Norway guarantees 75 per cent. of banks’ losses on loans 
of up to NOK 4 million per company. The DNB Group and five other banks have tested the scheme since 2017, 
and it is now being expanded and rolled out further with 14 banks participating in total. Until 31 December 2022, 
Norwegian banks will be able to provide loans totalling nearly NOK 2 billion in risk capital to companies that 
meet the criteria. The DNB Group has been allocated NOK 950 million of this amount.  
Changes in capital requirements for banks 
After being increased to 2.5 per cent. with effect from 31 December 2019, the Ministry of Finance announced on 
13 March 2020, following advice from Norges Bank, as one of its COVID-19 measures, to reduce the counter-
cyclical buffer to 1 per cent. with immediate effect. In line with the recovery of the Norwegian economy, the 
counter-cyclical buffer will increase to 1.5 per cent. with effect from 30 June 2022 and to 2 per cent. with effect 
from 31 December 2022. It is expected that the counter-cyclical buffer will increase to 2.5 per cent. with effect 
from the first half of 2023. The DNB Group’s effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is the weighted average of the 
buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the 
DNB Group has exposures have set the requirement lower than 1.0 per cent., the DNB Group’s effective counter-
cyclical buffer rate is currently approximately 0.77 per cent. as of 31 December 2021.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission presented a regulatory proposal introducing the last part of the 
international Basel III recommendations in the EU, in the form of a proposed Regulation (CRR III) and Directive 
(CRD VI), also known as the 2021 EU Banking Package. The new rules include a new standard method for 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk that is more accurate and risk sensitive. A new output floor is also 
introduced for banks using the IRB (internal ratings-based) approach. The new output floor sets a lower limit on 
the capital requirements that banks calculate when using internal models. According to the new output floor, the 
value of risk exposure amount must not be set lower than 72.5 per cent. of what they would have been calculated 
as under the new standardised approach. The European Commission proposes to introduce the new rules from 1 
January 2025. The new output floor for capital requirements for banks using the IRB approach is to be introduced

--- Page 189 ---
181 
 
gradually from 1 January 2025, over a five-year period. Discussion of the proposed 2021 Banking Package in the 
European Parliament and Council is expected to take a couple of years. 
New rules on securitization underway 
On 23 April 2021, the Norwegian parliament implemented the EU Regulation 2017/2402 (which laid down a 
general framework for securitisation), by way of amendments in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. The 
amendments are expected to enter into force in 2022. 
New Act on Sustainability-related Disclosures circulated for public comment 
The EU has adopted two regulations relating to sustainability, one on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector and one on the establishment of a framework for a classification system (taxonomy) to 
facilitate sustainable investment. The requirements are comprehensive and detailed. 
The regulations have not yet been incorporated into the EEA Agreement, but the NFSA has, at the request of the 
Ministry of Finance, looked into how they can be introduced in Norway, so that their entry into force can follow 
the EU timeline. The NFSA proposes that the disclosure requirements and reporting obligations are put into effect 
through a new act on sustainability-related disclosures. The purpose of gathering all the requirements in one act 
is to achieve a better overview of the various rules in this area, and greater harmonisation. In addition, a new act 
will reflect the increased societal importance of disclosures of this kind and clarify the connection between the 
various disclosure requirements and reporting obligations.  
Credit information companies will enable better credit assessments 
In 2019, two debt information companies became fully operational in Norway, and all banks licenced to provide 
unsecured loans are obliged to furnish these two companies with information about established loan agreements 
and credit line agreements. The debt information services are intended to function as an aid for both customers 
and banks. It is now easier for customers to get an overview of their own debt situation, and banks can easily 
check the actual amount of debt a loan applicant has. Banks can thus conduct a better credit assessment of 
customers seeking loans, which may prevent consumers from taking up more debt than they can service. 
PSD2 and Open Banking 
The EU’s revised payment services directive, PSD2, has now entered into force in Norway. The directive was 
mainly implemented in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Payment Services Regulations in March 
2019. The technical regulations for secure customer authentication came into force on 14 September 2019, and 
this, in effect, marked the start of the provision of third-party services related to account information and account-
to-account payments in Norway. So far, interest seems to be limited among potential providers as well as 
consumers. This is in line with the experience in markets where developments have progressed further. The DNB 
Group is actively working to position the Bank with a view to protecting its existing business operations, while 
making the most of the potential and reducing the disadvantages of Open Banking. 
Regulatory sandbox established to facilitate innovation 
The NFSA has created a regulatory sandbox for the fintech industry. The sandbox will give businesses the 
opportunity to test new products and services on a small scale under close supervision by the NFSA, the aim being 
that the sandbox will contribute to technological innovation and the entry of more new players in the market. The 
sandbox is also intended help enhance the NFSA's understanding of new technological solutions and business 
models, and make it easier to identify potential risks or the need for regulatory changes at an early stage.

--- Page 190 ---
182 
 
Tax advisors’ disclosure obligation and duty of confidentiality 
In the Official Norwegian Report NOU 2019:15, the so-called Skatterådgiverutvalget (tax advisors committee) 
proposed that a new disclosure obligation be imposed on the Norwegian tax authorities. The disclosure obligation 
would apply to both tax advisors and customers, who would be obliged to disclose information about tax 
arrangements that pose a risk of aggressive tax planning, in line with international recommendations (BEPS). The 
committee proposed to implement this in Norway in the same manner as in the EU, to a large extent based on the 
EU Council Directive DAC 6. The proposal is comprehensive and would primarily have consequences for 
lawyers, accountants and others who offer tax advice. Financial institutions may also become subject to the 
disclosure obligation, should it be enacted into law. The report has been circulated for public comment. It is yet 
uncertain whether the Ministry of Finance will propose that the disclosure obligation be enacted into law. 
Possible new guidelines on IRB models 
On 9 June 2021, the NFSA published a circular (3/2021) that is intended to guide banks on the NFSA’s practice 
for approval and supervision of internal ratings-based (“IRB”) models. DNB’s assessment is that the circular does 
not imply a significant immediate change to DNB’s current regulatory capital adequacy or capital requirement. 
Nevertheless, the circular contains several deviations from the current EU regulations that have the potential to 
result in more conservative risk weights and capital requirements. Such changes may have a significant impact 
over time as the NFSA starts to incorporate these guidelines in its supervision. 
In particular, the circular highlights the NFSA’s view on the calculation of the effective maturity parameter (M), 
which is used, among other things, in the risk weight calculation for the financing of commercial property. The 
NFSA’s concern is that this parameter may, under certain circumstances, in addition to the contractual maturity, 
reflect potential refinancing risk. The NFSA is of the view that that the actual maturity of a loan could exceed the 
original contractual agreement in certain cases, and the NFSA therefore expects banks to include this interpretation 
when calculating the M parameter. The NFSA points out that unless this is accounted for in the M parameter in 
regular capital adequacy reporting, it shall be assessed as part of the Pillar 2 process. Following a request from 
Finance Norway, which pointed out that the circular is not in accordance with applicable EU 
directives/regulations, the Ministry of Finance made clear in a letter to the NFSA dated 13 January 2022 that any 
decisions based on the circular would need to be based on the Norwegian act or regulation implementing the 
applicable EU/EEC rule. 
Update of methodology for calculated expected losses in stage 3 
The DNB Group has updated the methodology for estimating the expected credit loss (ECL) for credit-impaired 
financial instruments (stage 3) for customers with an exposure above NOK 50 million. The purpose is to be able 
to better reflect the actual solutions under consideration for customers in financial difficulties. The new 
methodology increases the number of scenarios that need to be assessed. The ECL is estimated based on the 
weighted ECL of the different scenarios. The scenarios should represent the actual scenarios for a customer in 
financial difficulties, but the main rule is that three different scenarios are to be considered, 1) going concern, 2) 
restructuring and 3) liquidation. The changes made in the updated methodology will not have a material impact 
on the DNB Group’s ECL estimate. 
New Act on sustainability-related disclosures  
In December 2021, the Norwegian Parliament adopted a new act that implements the EU Regulation on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation – 
SFDR) and the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities (Taxonomy Regulation) in Norwegian law. Among other 
things, the act requires banks, insurance companies and listed companies with more than 500 employees to include 
information in their annual reports on the extent to which their activities can be classified as sustainable under the 
EU taxonomy. It will only be possible for the act to enter into force once the two regulations have been 
incorporated into the EEA Agreement and have entered into force in the EEA. The Ministry of Finance expects 
the EEA process to be concluded during the first half of 2022. In order for all relevant Norwegian players to be

--- Page 191 ---
183 
 
able to report in accordance with the taxonomy, clarifications are needed with regard to the classification of certain 
financial activities, including activities in the building, construction and real estate sector. The Government is 
working to clarify relevant definitions and similar matters, so that Norwegian players can classify their activities 
in accordance with the legislation. 
The supreme legislature of Norway (the “Storting”) has adopted a bill on amendments to the rules and legislation 
relating to guaranteed pension products, which covers defined-benefit pension schemes, paid-up policies and 
individual pension products with guarantees. The amendments entered into force on 1 January 2022. They entail, 
among other things, allowing pension providers to offer compensation corresponding to the value of the 
guaranteed rate of return if policyholders wish to convert ordinary, paid-up policies into insurance policies with 
investment options. The limits for reducing the disbursement period for low annual pension payments are to be 
extended somewhat, and it will become easier to transfer small accumulated pension entitlements from defined-
benefit schemes to individual pension schemes, instead of having a paid-up policy issued. The amendments are 
intended to give greater freedom of choice and flexibility both for customers and for pension providers. The 
Storting has also decided to introduce mandatory accrual of occupational pension on the entire salary amount, as 
well as to reduce the maximum deduction for tax-favourable individual pension saving from NOK 40,000 to NOK 
15,000.  
IFRS 17 
In May 2017, the IASB issued the new standard IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, which replaces IFRS 4 Insurance 
Contracts and sets out new principles for recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance 
contracts. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with a requirement 
for comparable figures. 
In July 2021, the Ministry of Finance issued a consultation paper proposing that IFRS 17 should not apply in the 
company annual accounts for life companies. The proposal is expected to be adopted. It is therefore not expected 
that IFRS 17 will affect DNB Livsforsikring's tax base or dividend capacity. The implementation of the standard 
is currently not expected to significantly affect the capital adequacy of the DNB Group. 
It is currently too early to provide a reliable estimate of effects in the DNB Group's financial statements. IFRS 17 
is expected to have a negative effect on equity at the transition date, as a result of a transition to a new model for 
measuring the Group's insurance liabilities, with associated transition methods. Future operating profits are also 
expected to be more volatile than today.

--- Page 192 ---
184 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics, which are for information purposes only and do not form part of 
the Terms and Conditions) are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions. Part A of the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) in relation to any Tranche (as defined 
below) of Exempt Notes (as defined below) may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Final 
Terms” and “Form of Pricing Supplement” for a description of the content of the Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the Pricing Supplement which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by DNB Bank ASA (the “Issuer”) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency. 
References herein to “Exempt Notes” shall be references to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under either Regulation (EU) 2017/2019, as amended, or under section 85 of the United Kingdom 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
A fiscal agency agreement (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated 24 March 2022 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as fiscal agent and paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent), the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Exchange Agent (the “Exchange 
Agent”, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent), Citibank Europe plc as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc as transfer agent 
(the “Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agent). References 
herein to the “Calculation Agent” shall be references to the person so identified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) relating to the Notes which completes these 
Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) 
which replaces or modifies these Terms and Conditions and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and 
Conditions for the purposes of this Exempt Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” or, as the case may 
be, to the “applicable Pricing Supplement” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
or, as the case may be, to the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are endorsed upon, as 
attached to, this Note. 
Any reference to a “Noteholder”, or a “holder” in respect of any Notes, shall mean the person in whose name 
any Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided 
below. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be

--- Page 193 ---
185 
 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (in each case, as such terms are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (as amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 10 May 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) obtainable during normal business hours by 
prior appointment at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent or (ii) 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision 
of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). Copies of the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement may be obtained, upon request, free of 
charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and 
the Transfer Agent save that, if this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a holder of Notes holding one or more Notes and such holder of Notes must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. If this Note is 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. The holders of Notes are deemed to have notice of, 
are entitled to the benefit of, and are bound by, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement which are applicable to 
them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in registered form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Save as provided in Condition 13, Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the registered 
holder of any Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph, 
the expression “Noteholder”, or a “holder” in respect of any Notes, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 194 ---
186 
 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered holder of a global 
Note or for so long as any common nominee for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) is the registered holder of a global Note, each 
person (other than DTC or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of DTC or Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by such clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, 
including any form of statement or printout of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for 
which purpose, in the case of Notes represented by global Notes, the registered holder or, in the case of 
a global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, DTC or its nominee or, in the case of a 
global Note registered in the name of any common nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, such 
common nominee shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note and the expression 
“holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by 
the Issuer, the Agent and the Registrar. 
2 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to “Notes” and “holder of 
Notes” in this Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at least equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, present 
and future, from time to time outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes rank and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations of 
third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable 
law. 
3 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to “Notes” and “holders 
of Notes” in this Condition 3 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and will at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.

--- Page 195 ---
187 
 
(b) 
Subject as set out in Condition 3(c) below, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-
up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded 
Winding-up), claims of the holders of Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of 
any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any;  
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
At any time after the Creditor Hierarchy Directive has been implemented in Norway, the Issuer 
may (but is not obliged to), by providing notice (the “Ranking Notice”) to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 15, specify that (subject to the laws of Norway) the Notes 
(together with any other outstanding Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) shall rank within 
the class of unsecured debt instruments of the Issuer having the lower priority ranking 
contemplated by Article 108(2) of the BRRD, as set out in the Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
with effect from the date specified in the Ranking Notice (for the avoidance of doubt, should 
there be any inconsistency between any statutory ranking which may be introduced in Norway 
in order to implement the provisions of Article 108(2) of the BRRD, if any, and the ranking as 
set out in Condition 3(b) above, such statutory ranking shall prevail). 
(d) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive).  
“Creditor Hierarchy Directive” means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any equivalent legislation. 
“Excluded Winding-up” means a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Issuer 
solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation of the Issuer, the 
terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the 
Notes and do not provide that the Notes thereby become redeemable or repayable. 
“Non-Preferred Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes (including, inter alia, 
Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 4)). 
“Non-Preferred Parity Securities” means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank, 
or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
188 
 
“Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer (including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes) other than creditors in 
respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred Claims, if any. 
“Statutory Non-Preferred Claims” means, upon Norway adopting legislation introducing a 
senior non-preferred ranking class as prescribed by Article 108(2) of the BRRD (as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European parliament and the Council of 12 December 2017 
amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy), unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under this paragraph. 
4 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4 applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and references to “Notes” and “holders 
of Notes” in this Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
Status and ranking 
The Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations (Tier 2 Capital) of the 
Issuer, and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4(b) below. 
(b) 
Liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders of 
Notes against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any amounts 
attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) 
shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Subordinated Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Specified Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“Financial Institutions Act” means the Act on Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 
10 April, 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. April 2015 No. 17), as 
amended from time to time.

--- Page 197 ---
189 
 
“Norwegian FSA” and “NFSA” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(Finanstilsynet). 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Norwegian FSA and any successor or replacement thereto, or 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer and/or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 21) (if applicable), in any case as 
determined by the Issuer. 
“Specified Senior Creditors” means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including, inter alia, (A) holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes (both before and after the giving of the Ranking Notice) 
and (B) creditors in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-
Preferred Claims, if any). 
“Subordinated Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
obligations of the Issuer ranking or expressed to rank junior to the Notes. 
“Subordinated Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer 
which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital from time to time by the Relevant 
Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by 
the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer which are eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital and any instruments issued, and 
subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by 
the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding 
Subordinated Junior Securities. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to it in Sections 1-3 of the Norwegian Public Limited 
Liability Companies Act 1997.  
“Tier 2 Capital” means Tier 2 capital (Tilleggskapital) as described in Articles 62 and 63 of 
the CRR (as defined below) implemented into Norwegian law through the Norwegian regulation 
of 22 August 2014 No. 1097 section 2 (FOR 2014 08 22 nr 1097: Forskrift om kapitalkrav og 
nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRDIV), as amended or replaced from time to time. 
5 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 198 ---
190 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings:

--- Page 199 ---
191 
 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date);  
“Rate of Interest” means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; and (ii) in the 
case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, 
together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date (or, if applicable, such earlier date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due)). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the

--- Page 200 ---
192 
 
month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(5) 
the “Modified Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as SONIA or SOFR) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and “Term Rate” are both specified to be 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent 
Adviser) or Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC), as applicable, be 
either:

--- Page 201 ---
193 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate being the Reference 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the 
Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, SIBOR, PRIBOR or BBSW, which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of sub-paragraph (1) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of sub-paragraph (2) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case at the time specified in 
the preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall request the principal London office of each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. “Reference Banks” 
means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office 
of four major banks in the Eurozone interbank market, or (ii) in the case of a 
determination of any other Reference Rate, the principal Relevant Financial Centre 
office of four major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in 
each case selected by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been

--- Page 202 ---
194 
 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"BBSW" means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate; 
"CIBOR" means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (as at 24 March 2022 Thomson 
Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
"NIBOR" means the Oslo interbank offered rate;  
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
“Reference Rate” means: EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, 
SIBOR, PRIBOR or BBSW, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore interbank offered rate;  
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; and 
"TIBOR" means the Tokyo interbank offered rate. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and not using 
Index Determination  
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are both specified to be 
“Applicable”; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and

--- Page 203 ---
195 
 
(iii) 
“Index Determination” is specified to be “Not Applicable”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and to 
Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser), be Compounded 
Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, on the 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቃ×
D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, such Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Reference Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means:  
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for any 
Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Reference 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in:

--- Page 204 ---
196 
 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, such Interest 
Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Reference Period;" 
“Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, and unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking 
Day; 
"p" for any Interest Period, means:  
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number 
of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
"Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five London Banking Days); 
"Reference Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 205 ---
197 
 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking 
Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day 
will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
Fallback provisions 
If (subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser)), in 
respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is 
required to be determined, the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if 
this is more recent, the latest SONIA Reference Rate determined under (1) 
above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA Reference Rate” in this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) 
above shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period

--- Page 206 ---
198 
 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin (if any) applicable to the first Interest Period), in each case as determined by 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA and using 
Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are both specified to be 
“Applicable”; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
“Index Determination” is specified to be “Applicable”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and to 
Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser), be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Rate" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as further specified in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
d 
x 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA 
Start 
End 
365 
1   
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 207 ---
199 
 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period).  
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser), the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
(or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
being “Not Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be 
deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and not using 
Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are both specified to be 
“Applicable”; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
“Index Determination” is specified to be “Not Applicable”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and to 
Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 208 ---
200 
 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollar secured 
overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) computed by 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means:  
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(1) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, and unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due);

--- Page 209 ---
201 
 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from (and including) the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (or other date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"p" for any Interest Period, means: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days);  
(2) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, zero 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or  
(3) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source;

--- Page 210 ---
202 
 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(1) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i";  
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); or  
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR and using Index 
Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are both specified to be 
“Applicable”; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
“Index Determination” is specified to be “Applicable”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject 
to Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC), be the Compounded SOFR 
for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(E):

--- Page 211 ---
203 
 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate (expressed 
as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) determined in accordance with the following formula by the 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
 
where: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is 
specified, five);  
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR);  
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
"SOFR Index", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
"SOFR IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Period;  
"SOFR IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC), as at any relevant 
SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or displayed on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded 
dc 
x 
Index 
SOFR 
Index 
SOFR 
Start 
End 
360 
1   
 
 
  
 
 
−

--- Page 212 ---
204 
 
SOFR for the applicable Interest Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be deemed to be the “Compounded Daily SOFR” for such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) above as if “Index 
Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being “Not Applicable”, and for these purposes: 
(i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the 
“Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(F) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this Condition 5(b)(ii)(F), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), including, if specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the Pricing Supplement, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(F), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; and 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended 
and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Agent will have 
no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining EURIBOR or the 
fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the Agent to exercise 
any such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written direction to the Agent specifying 
how such discretion should be exercised, and the Agent will be entitled to conclusively 
rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith.

--- Page 213 ---
205 
 
(G) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided, however 
that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity.  
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies 
a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specifies 
a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest 
in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more

--- Page 214 ---
206 
 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(1) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(2) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365; 
(3) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(4) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360; 
(5) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 ×(Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 215 ---
207 
 
(6) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 ×(Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(7) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 ×(Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls: 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 216 ---
208 
 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) thereafter.  
Each Interest Amount, Interest Payment Date and (in respect of a Rate of Interest determined 
by reference to “SONIA” or “SOFR” as the applicable “Reference Rate” in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) Rate of Interest so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the holders of Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15. For the purposes of this Condition 5(b), the expression “London Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(vi) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
5(b), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer 
Agent and all holders of Notes and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the 
holders of Notes shall attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(vii) 
Determination of interest following acceleration pursuant to Condition 11 where the Rate of 
Interest is determined on the basis of SONIA or SOFR 
If the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and the Rate of Interest thereon is determined by reference 
to SONIA or SOFR (as the applicable “Reference Rate” in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), then if the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 11, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such 
Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon. 
(c) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as being 
applicable. Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date (the "Initial Period"), at the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 217 ---
209 
 
(B) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
The Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which a Rate of Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant 
Rate of Interest for such Reset Period. If a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Reset Notes Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(2) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks – Mid-Swap Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(ii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified as “Mid-Swap 
Rate” in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date (other than in the circumstances provided for in Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC), as applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will be determined by the Agent, or if so specified in

--- Page 218 ---
210 
 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent with 
its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question; 
(B) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Agent, or if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) 
the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Agent, or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(c), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be either: 
(1) 
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, equal to the sum of (A) the 
Relevant Reset Margin and (B) either (1) the last Mid-Swap Rate displayed 
on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the Specified Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date or (2) if this is later, the Mid-Swap Rate determined on 
the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, all as determined by the 
Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent; or 
(2) 
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, determined 
by the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case

--- Page 219 ---
211 
 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent taking into 
consideration all available information that it in good faith deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Fallbacks – Reference Bond Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified as "Reference 
Bond Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. If no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of 
the determination of the Reference Bond Rate, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by 
reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the 
First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, 
where a different Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the 
relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset 
Period). 
(iv) 
Fallbacks – CMT Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iv) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified as "CMT 
Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If no Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations are provided in respect of the 
determination of the Reset Reference Bank Rate, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by 
reference to the Reset Reference Bank Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case 
of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period). 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5(c)(v) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable. If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted in accordance with market convention by the Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches 
the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent, will cause the relevant 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(v)) thereafter. Each 
Reset Notes Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an

--- Page 220 ---
212 
 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5(c), whether 
by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent and all 
Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c), the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
“CMT Rate” means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate which is equal to: 
(A) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated 
maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as 
published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, 
as that yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published by the CMT Reset 
Determination Time on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, 
the yield for the United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a 
designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period as published in H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (B) above is not published by the CMT Reset 
Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent. 
“CMT Reset Determination Time” means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in Condition 5(a). 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 221 ---
213 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) or Condition 5(c)(v), as 
applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Reset Margin. 
“H.15(519)” means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor 
publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, successor site or 
publication as may replace it. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c), if applicable, for any 
Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on 
the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement or (if not so 
specified) on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated 
on the day count basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or (if not so specified) on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Agent, or if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" (i) means the rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement or (ii) if no such rate is 
specified, EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
Norwegian Kroner) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most 
closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms, or 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
5(c)(v), either:

--- Page 222 ---
214 
 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which, in either case, appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the 
Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Agent, or 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent. 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (and which shall, in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iii), with respect to any Reset Period 
and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reset Reference Bond, as determined by the Agent (or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent) as follows on the basis of the Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date (upon request by or on behalf of the 
Issuer). If four or more Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are so provided, the 
Reference Bond Rate shall be the arithmetic average of such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations after excluding the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations. If only two or three Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are so 
provided, the Reference Bond Rate shall be the arithmetic average of all such quotations. If only 
one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is so provided, the Reference Bond Rate 
shall be the quotation provided. If no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are so 
provided, the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii) shall apply. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent) 
or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean average, (as 
determined by the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered yields to 
maturity or interpolated yields to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) for the relevant

--- Page 223 ---
215 
 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage) as at the Reset Determination 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Agent (or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Calculation Agent) by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms, or as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, subject to Condition 5(b) and Condition 5(d), 
if applicable.  
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the First Reset Margin 
or, in respect of any subsequent Reset Period, the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the first day of such Reset Period, or in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or 
such other time as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation to a Reset Period 
and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) determined by the Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Agent or, as the case may be, the Calculation 
Agent at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date. If 
at least three such Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United 
States Treasury Securities Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided. If only one Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation provided 
(rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid). 
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(A) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, applicable Pricing Supplement, the principal office in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate; or

--- Page 224 ---
216 
 
(B) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, applicable Pricing Supplement, the principal office in New York 
City of five major banks which are primary United States Treasury Securities dealers 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer. 
"Reset Reference Bond" means, for any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute, as having the nearest actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) and Condition 5(c)(v), as applicable: 
(A) 
the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
the Reference Bond Rate; or 
(C) 
the CMT Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 
the United States Treasury Securities: 
(A) 
with an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period, a remaining term to maturity of no more than one year shorter than the 
maturity which is equal to the duration of the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market. 
If two United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally close to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, the United States Treasury Security with the shorter 
remaining term to maturity will be used for the purposes of the relevant determination. 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Period and 
the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate quoted by a Reset 
Reference Bank as being a yield-to-maturity based on the secondary market bid price of such 
Reset Reference Bank for Reset United States Treasury Securities at or around the CMT Reset 
Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 225 ---
217 
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Specified Time” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the (or each) margin specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, applicable Pricing Supplement may 
specify different Subsequent Reset Margins for different Subsequent Reset Periods). 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii) and Condition 5(c)(iv), as applicable, the rate 
of interest determined by the Agent, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Margin.  
“United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United 
States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c), as applicable, if (i) the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate and (ii) “Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser” is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 5(d) shall apply. 
This Condition 5(d) shall not apply to the Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “SOFR”, in 
respect of which the provisions of Condition 5(e) will apply. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)), and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(d) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the holders of Notes for any determination made 
by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 5(d).

--- Page 226 ---
218 
 
(ii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 
5(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(d)). 
(iii) 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Adjustment Spread shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case), the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(d)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of Notes, vary these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice and the Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d)(iv), no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will 
any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, be made to effect the 
Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of (a) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and applicable Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(d)(iv), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 227 ---
219 
 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(d) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the holders of 
Notes. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate 
(to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and, 
where applicable the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendment, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(d); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the holders of Notes. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(d)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the relevant fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(b)(ii) or Condition 5(c)(ii), as applicable, will continue to apply unless and until the Issuer has 
determined that a Benchmark Event has occurred and (i) either a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined, (ii) any Adjustment Spread (if any) and Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
are determined, and (iii) the Issuer has notified each of the Agent and the Paying Agents, in 
each case pursuant to this Condition 5(d). 
As used in this Condition 5(d): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) in international debt capital market transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in

--- Page 228 ---
220 
 
good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(D) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and those regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or 
the Group). 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more of 
the following: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published on a permanent or 
indefinite basis as a result of the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used, is no longer representative of its underlying market or that 
its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case in 
circumstances where the same shall be applicable to the Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or

--- Page 229 ---
221 
 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any holder of Notes using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (B) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the 
Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(3) 
in the case of paragraph (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or becomes subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) above, as 
applicable). 
“CRD IV” means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, 
the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 
2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (or, as the 
case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive), as 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD IV Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction 
with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-
consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, 
including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any regulatory technical standards 
released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement 
thereof). 
“CRR” means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(d)(i). 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group under Applicable MREL 
Regulations.

--- Page 230 ---
222 
 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the DNB Group. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified 
benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has 
been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original 
Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
This Condition 5(e) applies only if the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and “Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, 
the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(e), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and

--- Page 231 ---
223 
 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as the case 
may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or, as the case may be, Compounded SOFR (or the relevant 
published SOFR rate used in the calculation thereof), as the case may be, or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 232 ---
224 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR, the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily SOFR, 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
(iii) 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iv) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means, for the purposes of this Condition 5(e), the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA

--- Page 233 ---
225 
 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) or, as the case may be, Condition 5(b)(ii)(E)), and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is neither Compounded Daily SOFR nor Compounded SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 5(e) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be 
made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any)) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, 
nor will any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
as the case may be, be made to effect the Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the

--- Page 234 ---
226 
 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Series of (a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
or (b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted, and no Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other amendments to the 
terms and conditions of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(e), if and to the extent that, 
in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the consent of the Relevant Regulator for such 
payment has not been given or, having been given, has been withdrawn and not replaced. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue as provided in these Terms and Conditions. 
To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of any Notes has been cancelled, interest 
will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then outstanding principal amount of 
such Notes, as the case may be. 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to 
a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at 
the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
References to “Specified Currency” will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 235 ---
227 
 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to either DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for such beneficial holder’s share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a global Note in respect of Notes 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
for payment in such Specified Currency or conversion into U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. 
Payments of principal in respect of any Notes (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 6(a) above to the persons in whose name such Notes are registered at the 
close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business 
in the city where the Registrar is located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against 
presentation of such Notes at the specified office of the Registrar or a Transfer Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Note (whether in definitive or global form) will be made in the manner 
specified in Condition 6(a) above to the person in whose name such Note is registered (i) where the Notes 
are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which DTC and/or 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, are open for business) before the relevant 
due date and (ii) where the Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located)) prior to such due date 
(in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii), each the “Record Date”). In the case of payments by cheque, 
cheques will be mailed to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) at such holder’s registered 
address on the business day (as described above) immediately preceding the due date. 
If payment in respect of any Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred to in this Condition 6, 
application for such payment must be made by the holder to the Registrar not later than the relevant 
Record Date. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment 
Day” means any day which is (subject to Condition 9): 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement; and 
(C) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and

--- Page 236 ---
228 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7(e)); 
and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8. 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (pursuant to 
Condition 7(l)) substituted, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
notice (or not less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of 
notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the holders of Notes (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), or

--- Page 237 ---
229 
 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes; 
and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent (in each case, to make available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by the 
holders of the Notes) (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7(e) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), if the Issuer Call is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement to apply, the Issuer shall, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or not less than any other minimum period of 
notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent and 
the Registrar, 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (or the first) Optional Redemption Date shall not fall earlier than 
the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Notes. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or 
not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes (or, as the case may be, parts of Notes) to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be 
selected individually by lot (without involving any part only of a Note in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes) and in accordance with the rules of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), as the case may be, in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date

--- Page 238 ---
230 
 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 7(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the holders of Notes in accordance 
with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the holders of Notes (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(d) is not applicable for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and 
references to “Notes” in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to apply, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain 
conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside DTC or Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under this Condition 7(d) the holder of this Note 
must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Transfer Agent or the Registrar at any time during 
normal business hours of such Transfer Agent or the Registrar falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Transfer Agent or the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition 7(d). 
If this Note is cleared through DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under this 
Condition 7(d) the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such 
exercise in the form of a Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit 
such holder’s securities account with this Note on or before the Optional Redemption Date in accordance 
with applicable DTC practice. 
If this Note is represented by a global Note or is a Note in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under this Condition 
7(d) the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent or the Registrar of 
such exercise, where applicable, in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7(d) shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default shall have occurred, in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7(d) and instead declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts

--- Page 239 ---
231 
 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) above and Condition 7(j), Condition 7(k) and Condition 11, the Notes 
will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of any Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, or if no such amount is so specified, at their nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
purchase beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and the Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7(f) shall be forwarded to the Agent. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 7(a), (b), (c) or (d) above or Condition 7(j) below or upon its otherwise becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 11, as the case may be is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7(e)(ii) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of:

--- Page 240 ---
232 
 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been 
given to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15. 
(i) 
Regulatory Consent  
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(f), substitution or variation under 
Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation under Condition 7(m) (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or substitution under Condition 16 shall 
take place without the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to the 
extent, then required by the Relevant Regulator and, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, by the Applicable MREL Regulations). In addition, in respect of any redemption 
of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(j) only, and except to the extent the Relevant 
Regulator no longer so requires, the Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years 
after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of such Notes if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of such latest Tranche.  
(j) 
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(j) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(j) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references to “Notes” in this Condition 7(j) shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or not less than any other minimum period of 
notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 15, the holders of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in the case of all 
Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 7(e) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. Upon the expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and prudential supervision then in effect in Norway including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy and prudential supervision adopted by the Norwegian Ministry of 
Finance and/or the Relevant Regulator from time to time and then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or to the Issuer and its Subsidiaries). 
A “Capital Event” means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the latest Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of 
the Issuer and/or the DNB Group. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(j), the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders 
of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such

--- Page 241 ---
233 
 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(k) 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes  
This Condition 7(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and only 
where this Condition 7(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” in this Condition 7(k) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or not less than any other 
minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the holders of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in 
the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7(e) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet 
any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer 
or the DNB Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement, provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) 
the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility 
criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) 
being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(k), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by 
holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references to “Notes” in this Condition 7(l) shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 21, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Notes) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ notice (or not less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum 
period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the holders of Notes (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of 
the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 21 from Norwegian law to English law) 
and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying

--- Page 242 ---
234 
 
Subordinated Securities (as defined below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with 
the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered to the Agent 
a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form described in the definition of Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding 
on the holders of the Notes. 
“Qualifying Subordinated Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 21 to English law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21) have terms not materially less 
favourable to the holders of Notes as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two Directors of the 
Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the 
case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a 
variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, 
as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal 
or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities (unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21); and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited or Dominion Bond Rating Services or their respective successors. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation - Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, where 
applicable  
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each 
case, only where this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” in this Condition 7(m) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of holders of Notes) on giving not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the holders 
of Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable) either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 21 from Norwegian law 
to English law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined

--- Page 243 ---
235 
 
below), provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the 
Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered to the Agent 
a certificate (to be made available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form described in the definition of Qualifying MREL 
Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding 
on the holders of the Notes. 
“Qualifying MREL Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 21 to English law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21) have terms not materially less 
favourable to the holders of Notes as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to such effect of two Directors of the 
Issuer shall have been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the 
case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a 
variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, they shall (1) 
have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case 
may be, (3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, 
as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal 
or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities (unless any downgrade 
is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 21); and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, in the case of a payment of 
interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of Notes after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or

--- Page 244 ---
236 
 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 6(d)). 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of Notes in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
As used herein, “Tax Jurisdiction” means (i) the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or 
any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax and (ii) any other jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes generally subject in respect of payments of interest on the Notes. 
9 
Prescription 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
10 
No right of set-off, etc.  
No holder of Notes shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim against monies owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder 
of Notes, and each holder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of Notes by 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, such 
holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge 
to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, the liquidator or other relevant 
insolvency official with primary responsibility for the winding-up, dissolution or liquidation of the 
Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount for the Issuer 
(or the liquidator or such relevant insolvency official (as the case may be)) and accordingly any such 
discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
11 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation by way of public administration (except in connection with (1) 
an Excluded Winding-up or (2) a merger or reorganisation in such a way that all or substantially 
all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer (including its obligations in respect of the Notes) 
pass to another legal person in universal succession by operation of law); or 
(ii) 
insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer which shall not have been dismissed or 
stayed within 60 days after institution, or if insolvency proceedings are instituted by the Issuer 
in respect of itself, and (in each case) such insolvency proceedings are continuing, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together

--- Page 245 ---
237 
 
with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
Limitation of Remedy 
Without prejudice to Noteholders’ rights under Condition 11(a), no holder of a Note shall be entitled to 
take any steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer to enforce any payment obligation of the Issuer 
under or arising from the Notes (including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of the Notes, or any damages awarded for breach of any obligations in respect thereof), and in no 
event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the taking of any such steps, action or proceedings, be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions in respect of the Notes, nor will any Noteholder accept the same, 
otherwise than during or after a winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer. 
12 
Replacement of Notes 
Should any Note be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office 
of the Registrar outside the United Kingdom, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13 
Transfer and Exchange of Notes  
(a) 
Form of Notes 
Notes of each Tranche sold to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) will initially be represented by 
a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (the “Rule 144A Global Note”), 
deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. Notes in definitive form 
issued in exchange for Rule 144A Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the 
requirements of Rule 144A under the Securities Act, together with the Rule 144A Global Notes, are 
referred to herein as “Rule 144A Notes”. 
Rule 144A Notes shall bear the legend set forth in the Rule 144A Global Note (the “Legend”). Upon the 
transfer, exchange or replacement of Rule 144A Notes, or upon specific request for removal of the 
Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 13(f)) deliver only Rule 144A Notes with such 
legend or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such 
satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Notes of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act will initially be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons 
(the “Regulation S Global Note” and, together with the Rule 144A Global Note, the “Registered Global 
Notes”), which will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name 
of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Regulation S 
Global Notes or otherwise sold or transferred in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
together with the Regulation S Global Notes, are referred to herein as “Regulation S Notes”. Beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee of DTC may be held only

--- Page 246 ---
238 
 
through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly, through a participant in DTC, including 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 13, Notes in definitive form may be exchanged or 
transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for one or more definitive Notes of like 
aggregate nominal amount. 
(b) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Notes in definitive form 
Interests in the Regulation S Global Note and the Rule 144A Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes 
in definitive form if (i) DTC or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, notifies 
the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Registered Global Note or (ii) 
if applicable, DTC ceases to be a “Clearing Agency” registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), or the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced its intention permanently to cease business 
or has in fact done so, and a successor depositary or alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer 
and the Agent is not available, or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to 
such Notes or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a payment default has occurred and is continuing with 
respect to such Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in the preceding sentence, the 
Issuer will cause the appropriate Notes in definitive form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding 
the above, no Regulation S Notes in definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period that ends 
40 days after completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes, as certified by or on behalf of the 
relevant distributors (the “Distribution Compliance Period”). 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to 
transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor 
of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Notes 
Transfers of Rule 144A Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Note where the 
transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement, duly completed and amended as appropriate (a “Transfer Certificate”), copies of 
which are available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and 
that, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance 
Period, the interests in the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable federal securities 
laws of the United States or any applicable securities laws of any State thereof,

--- Page 247 ---
239 
 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable federal securities laws of the United States or any 
applicable securities laws of any State thereof or any other jurisdiction of the United States. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
(i) 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or 
of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States will 
only be made: 
(ii) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor of the 
Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom 
the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 
144A; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities law 
of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable federal securities laws of the United States or any 
applicable securities laws of any State thereof or any other jurisdiction of the United States. 
After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S 
Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a 
participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements 
will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Notes generally 
Holders of Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a global Note of the same 
type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in a global Note will be transferable and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or 
for a beneficial interest in another global Note only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures 
for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (the “Applicable 
Procedures”). 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Note in definitive 
form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) by the holder or holders 
surrendering the Note for registration of the transfer of the Note (or the relevant part of the Note) at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed 
by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar, or as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent 
prescribe, including any restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of Notes originally sold to a U.S. 
person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other

--- Page 248 ---
240 
 
laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such address as the transferee may 
request, a new Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Note (or the relevant 
part of the Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Note in definitive form, a new 
Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Note not transferred will be so authenticated and 
delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Note in definitive form for an interest in, or to a person who takes 
delivery of such Note through, a global Note will be made no later than 60 days after the receipt by the 
Registrar or as the case may be, relevant Transfer Agent of the Note in definitive form to be so exchanged 
or transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from the 
transferor. 
(g) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to register 
the transfer of any Note, or part of a Note, called for partial redemption. 
(h) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of Notes may require the transfer of a Note to be registered during the period of 30 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest on that Note. 
(i) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail (if any) and, if the Issuer shall 
so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge or insurance 
charges that may be imposed in relation thereto which will be borne by the holder of Notes) will be borne 
by the Issuer. 
14 
Agent, Paying Agents, Exchange Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Exchange Agent and the initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out in the Agency 
Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Exchange Agent or the Transfer Agent or any Calculation Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, Exchange Agents, Transfer Agents or Calculation 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, 
Exchange Agent, Transfer Agent or Calculation Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority there will at all times be a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of such stock 
exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) with a specified office in a 
city in Europe outside Norway and each other Tax Jurisdiction (if any) for the time being; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent;

--- Page 249 ---
241 
 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by the 
Agent; 
(v) 
so long as any of the global Notes are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times 
be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in London; and 
(vi) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the United Kingdom and, so 
long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority. 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change will be given to the holders of Notes 
promptly in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer 
Agent and the Registrar act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any holders of Notes. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent 
and the Registrar is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
15 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes to be given by the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to listing, quotation or trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed 
on a stock exchange, the rules of such stock exchange (or other relevant authority) permit), so long as 
the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of DTC or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such website(s) or mailing the 
delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for communication by them to the holders of Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Registrar via DTC and/or Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Registrar and/or DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16 
Meetings of holders of Notes, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of holders of Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders of Notes (which 
meetings may be held at a physical place, by way of teleconference or videoconference (or similar 
electronic platform) or a combination of the foregoing) to consider any matter affecting their interests,

--- Page 250 ---
242 
 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer may modify or vary such provisions for convening meetings to reflect the requirements from 
time to time of DTC, Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any such modification or variation 
will be notified to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing 
by holders of Notes holding not less than 5.0 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement).  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50.0 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of Notes whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes (including, but not limited to, modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes or amending the Deed of Covenant), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes shall be binding on all the 
holders of Notes, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
or consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall also be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
by way of resolution in writing or electronic consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding 
on all the holders of Notes, whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents in 
electronic form. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the holders of the Notes to any modification 
of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement (i) which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) which is to correct a manifest error 
or (iii) which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. In addition, the Agent 
shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the holders of Notes (i) in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(d); (ii) in effecting 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(f); or (iii) to any substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 7(l) or 7(m), where applicable. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of 
Notes and any such modification shall be notified to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 
15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In any determination of whether or not an amendment is materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders of the Notes, regard shall be had to the general interests of the holders of Notes as a class, but no 
regard shall be had to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual holders of Notes, 
whatever their number. In particular, but without limitation, no regard shall be had to the consequences 
of any such exercise for individual holders of Notes (whatever their number) resulting from their being

--- Page 251 ---
243 
 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and no holder of Notes shall be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such modification upon individual holders of Notes (except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8). 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e), certain changes may be made to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Floating Rate Notes or the Reset Notes in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in such Conditions, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the holders of Notes and any such modification shall be notified to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, elect to substitute a subsidiary or parent company 
of the Issuer, or its successor in business, in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes (each 
such substitute being hereinafter referred to as the “Substitute Obligor”) provided that in each case: 
(i) 
the Notes are (other than where the Substitute Obligor is the successor in business) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, pursuant to a deed of guarantee, on a 
basis equivalent to the ranking of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Obligor shall execute a deed poll pursuant to which it undertakes and assumes 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including its obligations under the Deed of 
Covenant) as fully as if the Substitute Obligor had been named in the Notes as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any previous Substitute Obligor, as the case may be); 
(iii) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to be made 
available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) that (i) it has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its 
assumptions of the duties and liabilities as Substitute Obligor under the Notes in place of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, any previous Substitute Obligor and (ii) such approvals and 
consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to be made 
available at the Agent’s specified office for inspection by holders of the Notes) that the 
Substitute Obligor is solvent at the time at which the substitution is proposed to be in effect, and 
immediately thereafter; and 
(v) 
if the Notes are rated (where such rating was assigned at the request of the Issuer) by one or 
more credit rating agencies of international standing immediately prior to such substitution, the 
Notes shall continue to be rated by each such rating agency immediately following such 
substitution, and each credit rating agency shall have confirmed that the credit ratings assigned 
to the Notes by each such credit rating agency immediately following such substitution are 
expected to be no lower than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto. 
In connection with any such substitution, the Issuer and/or the Substitute Obligor may, without the need 
for the approval of the Noteholders, make such consequential amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as may appropriate to reflect such assumption of obligations by the Substitute Obligor, 
provided that such amendments are not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Such 
amendments may include that references in these Terms and Conditions to the Kingdom of Norway may 
be amended to include (in addition or in the alternative to, as appropriate, the Kingdom of Norway) the 
jurisdiction of incorporation (or, in the case of the definition of “Tax Jurisdiction”, each relevant tax 
jurisdiction) of such Substitute Obligor.

--- Page 252 ---
244 
 
Any substitution effected in accordance with this Condition 16(c), and any such consequential 
amendments made to the Terms and Conditions in accordance with this Condition 16, shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and shall be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
As used herein, “successor in business” means, in relation to the Issuer (or any previous Substitute 
Obligor, as the case may be), any company which as a result of any amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction, beneficially owns the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and 
assets owned by the Issuer prior to such amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or agreement coming into 
force and carries on as successor to the Issuer the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried 
on by the Issuer immediately prior thereto. 
(d) 
Regulatory approval 
Any amendment to or modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any substitution of the 
Issuer as provided in this Condition 16 shall be conditional upon the Issuer having obtained approval 
therefor from the Relevant Regulator, if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator or 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
17 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the holders of Notes, to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for 
the issue date, the issue price and the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes provided, however, 
that for purposes of U.S. federal income taxation (regardless of whether any holders of Notes are subject 
to U.S. federal income tax laws), such further notes are either (i) not issued with original issue discount, 
(ii) issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount, or (iii) issued in a “qualified 
reopening” for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  
18 
Provision of Information 
For so long as any Notes remain outstanding and are “restricted securities” (as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) 
under the Securities Act), the Issuer shall, during any period in which it is neither subject to the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, make available to any holder of, or beneficial owner of an interest 
in, such Notes in connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser designated by such 
holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon request, the information specified in, and meeting the 
requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
19 
Third Party Rights 
Save as provided in Condition 18, no rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
therefrom or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law except for (i) the provisions of Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; (iii) the provisions of 
Condition 4; (iv) the provisions of Condition 10; (v) the provisions of Condition 21; and (vi) any other 
write-down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation applicable to

--- Page 253 ---
245 
 
the Issuer from time to time, which in each case shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. 
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents and the holders of Notes that the courts 
of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and/or the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly any suit, action 
or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes (including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 20 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the time being at The 
Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in 
England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
21 
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Agreement, acknowledgement and consent with respect to exercise of the Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any holder of Notes (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 21, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of any 
Note, each holder of Notes acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be 
subject to the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of the 
following, or a combination thereof: 
(1) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the 
issue to or conferral on the holder of Notes of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(3) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and

--- Page 254 ---
246 
 
(4) 
the amendment or alteration of the perpetual nature of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Relevant Amounts 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amount in relation to the Notes, will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, written-down, 
cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
None of (i) a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount, (ii) the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Issuer, and (iii) the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will constitute an Event of Default. 
(d) 
Notice 
Upon the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to any Notes, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the Agent 
in writing of such exercise and give notice of the same to Holders in accordance with Condition 16. Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 21 shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 21: 
“Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Norway, 
relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD, including sections 20-14 and 20-24 of 
the Financial Institutions Act, and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant 
to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, 
or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period); 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which may otherwise 
be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
(but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior 
to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority; and 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to exercise 
any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 255 ---
247 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt 
Notes issued under the Program. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market - 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended [(“EUWA”)] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 256 ---
248 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition)  
(the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Program 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 24 March 2022 (the “Prospectus”) [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of a Series which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [28 March 2019 / 3 September 2020 / 10 May 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus dated 24 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [date] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) ([together] the “Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus 
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Copies of these Final Terms, the Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] have been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
The Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation has approved 
the Prospectus as having been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
                                                     
1  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 257 ---
249 
 
1 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form and 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on the Issue Date][Not 
Applicable] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[        ][and integral multiples of [     ]] 
 
(N.B. This means the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made.)  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate – specify date/Floating Rate – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[        ] month [EURIBOR/ STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR 
/ TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SONIA 
/ SOFR] +/- [[        ] per cent Floating Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes]

--- Page 258 ---
250 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph [14/15/16/17] 
below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100.0]/[         ] per cent. of their nominal amount]  
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify the date when any fixed to floating change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there.) 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph(s) [18/19] 
below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred]  
[Subordinated] 
(A) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of Capital 
Event and amounts 
payable on redemption 
therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(j)] applies/Not Applicable (If 
applicable, specify the amount payable on redemption 
following a Capital Event)] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes) 
Notice period if other 
than as set out in 
Condition [7(j)]: 
[ ] [See Condition [7(j)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
(B) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of MREL 
Disqualification Event 
and amounts payable 
on 
redemption 
therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(k)] applies/Not Applicable (If 
applicable, specify the amount payable on redemption 
following a MREL Disqualification Event)] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) 
Notice period if other 
than as set out in 
Condition [7(k)]: 
[ ] [See Condition [7(k)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of

--- Page 259 ---
251 
 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
(C) 
Substitution or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition [[7(l)/[7(m)]] applies/Not 
Applicable] 
(Condition [7(l)] is relevant for Subordinated Notes and 
Condition [7(m)] is relevant for Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
(ii) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[        ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
irregular interest periods.) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[30/360] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[       ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last interest period. 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest payment dates which are not of equal duration. 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA.)] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 260 ---
252 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] month [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / 
TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SONIA 
/ SOFR] 
− 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / 
Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
• Specified Time 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number 
of days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be 
‘Not Applicable’) 
• “D” 
[365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 261 ---
253 
 
• Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable]  
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) applies]  
[The date falling [    ] London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due] 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) applies] 
[The date falling [   ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
or other date on which the relevant payment falls due]

--- Page 262 ---
254 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [       ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis]] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation –  
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as “Not Applicable” if 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC is “Applicable”) 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable) 
16 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 263 ---
255 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum, payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
 [Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate] 
(iii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-] [      ] per cent. per annum 
(v) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year[, from and including [     ]] 
up to and including the Maturity Date 
(vii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding the First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
First Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(x) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[     ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[      ]/[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on an 
Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated 
on 
an 
Actual/360 
day 
count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[     ]  
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 264 ---
256 
 
(xx) 
Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
/ 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/ Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
(Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA] 
(xxii) 
CMT 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is CMT 
Rate) 
(xxiii) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as “Not Applicable” if 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC is “Applicable”) 
(xxvi) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable) 
17 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ]/[Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [        ] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity Date]/[   
]]

--- Page 265 ---
257 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition 7(c): 
[       ] [See Condition 7(c)] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
20 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Redemption for Tax Reasons – notice 
period if other than as set out in Condition 
7(b): 
[        ][ See Condition 7(b)]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
 
Form: 
[Registered Notes:]

--- Page 266 ---
258 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC] 
 
[Definitive Notes (specify nominal amounts)] 
24 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment, 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-
paragraphs 15(iv) relates) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information], has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of DNB Bank ASA: 
 
By:  .................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 267 ---
259 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin] and listed on the official list 
of [Euronext Dublin] with effect from [      ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of [Euronext Dublin] and listed on the 
official list of [Euronext Dublin] with effect from [      ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue use:) 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of [Euronext Dublin] and admitted to the 
official list of [Euronext Dublin] on [      ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2 
RATINGS: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating agency 
name(s)]. [Each of] (defined terms) is established in the 
European Union] and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation").] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes issued under the Program generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009.] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. However, the application

--- Page 268 ---
260 
 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 
(insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate that 
applied for registration), which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of (insert credit rating agency).] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. The ratings [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by (insert the name 
of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. (Insert 
the name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating 
agency) is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but it is certified in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests – e.g. description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS: 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes - see "Use of Proceeds" in the 
Prospectus.] 
[Green Bonds – see "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus.] 
(if the reasons differ from the disclosure in the Prospectus, 
give details here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
CUSIP: 
[      ]

--- Page 269 ---
261 
 
(ii) 
ISIN Code: 
[      ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[         ], as updated. as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Available]][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[         ], as updated, as set out] on the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Available]][Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(vi) 
Clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
DTC 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s): 
Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] /  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time

--- Page 270 ---
262 
 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA not applicable] 
(iv) 
[Whether sales to QIBs under 
Rule 144A are permitted to be 
made:] 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/No] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)  
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
8 
EU BENCHMARKS 
REGULATION: 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark], which 
[is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the administrator[s] 
– if more than one specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark].

--- Page 271 ---
263 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(“ESMA”)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the “BMR”)].] [(repeat as necessary)]]

--- Page 272 ---
264 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
Exempt Notes issued under the Program. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”)][EUWA]; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
(the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of 
the SFA) that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
                                                     
2  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 273 ---
265 
 
under the 
U.S.$15,000,000,000 Medium Term Note Program 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This document must be read in 
conjunction with the Prospectus dated 24 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [date]] 
([together] the “Prospectus”). Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the “Issuer”) and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus. Copies of the 
Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus].3 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
 
1 
Issuer 
DNB Bank ASA 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[        ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form and single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on the Issue 
Date][Not Applicable] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[        ] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[        ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[        ][and integral multiples of [ ]] 
 
(N.B. This means the minimum integral amount in 
which transfers can be made.)  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
                                                     
3  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Prospectus with a different 
date.

--- Page 274 ---
266 
 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate – specify date/Floating Rate 
– Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/ STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR 
/ TIBOR / HIBOR / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / 
SONIA / SOFR / other] +/- [        ] per cent Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[14/15/16/17] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100.0]/[   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount]  
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[      ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there.) 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph(s) [18/19] 
below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred]  
[Subordinated] 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
Capital 
Event 
and 
amounts 
payable on redemption 
therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(j)] applies/Not Applicable 
(If applicable, specify the amount payable on 
redemption following a Capital Event)] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes) 
 
Notice period if other than 
as set out in Condition 
[7(j)]: 
[    ] [See Condition [7(j)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as

--- Page 275 ---
267 
 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
MREL 
Disqualification Event and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption therefor: 
[Applicable 
– 
Condition 
[7(k)] 
applies/Not 
Applicable (If applicable, specify the amount payable 
on redemption following a MREL Disqualification 
Event)] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
Notice period if other than 
as set out in Condition 
[7(k)]: 
[    ] [See Condition [7(k)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
 
(C) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition [[ 7(l)/[ 7(m)]] applies/Not 
Applicable] 
(Condition [7(l)] is relevant for Subordinated Notes 
and Condition [7(m)] is relevant for Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
irregular interest periods) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[30/360]

--- Page 276 ---
268 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[       ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last interest period 
 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration 
 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[       ] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] month [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR /SIBOR / PRIBOR / 
BBSW / SONIA / SOFR / other] 
− 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen 
/ Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney / 
specify] 
• Specified Time 
[ ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
− 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 277 ---
269 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete 
‘Relevant Number’ and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets below 
will each be ‘Not Applicable’) 
• “D” 
[365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable]  
- 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[       ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 278 ---
270 
 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) 
applies]  [The date falling [    ] London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due] 
 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(D) applies] 
[The date falling [   ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or other date on which the relevant payment falls 
due] 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
 
− 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[       ] 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[       ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [       ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 279 ---
271 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond basis]] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be made “Not Applicable” if Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC is “Applicable”) 
(xv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable) 
16 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum, payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT 
Rate] 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-] [      ] per cent. per annum 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year[, from and including [   
]] up to and including the Maturity Date 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding the First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[     ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
[[     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 280 ---
272 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate: 
[     ] /[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on 
an Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR 
rate compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity (calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis)]/[Not Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[     ]  
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Prior Rate of Interest or Calculation 
Agent Determination applicable: 
[Prior Rate of Interest / Calculation Agent 
Determination / Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
(Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA] 
(xxii) 
CMT Reset Determination Time: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(xxiii) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[     ] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Advisor 
should only be specified as “Not Applicable” if 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC 
is 
“Applicable”) 
(xxvi) 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable) 
17 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 281 ---
273 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as set out 
in Condition 7(c): 
[       ] [See Condition 7(c)] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
19 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[        ]/[Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [   ] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity 
Date]/[     ]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
20 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 282 ---
274 
 
21 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Redemption for Tax Reasons – notice period 
if other than as set out in Condition 7(b): 
[       ] [See Condition 7(b)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
 
Form: 
[Registered Notes:] 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC] 
 
[Definitive Notes (specify nominal amounts)] 
24 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 15(iv) relates) 
25 
Other final terms 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third party 
information], has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of DNB Bank ASA: 
 
By:  .................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 283 ---
275 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [  ] 
with effect from [      ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[  ] with effect from [      ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2 
RATINGS: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating 
agency name(s)].] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes issued under the Program generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests – e.g. description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest] 
4 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset 
Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] 
5 
USE OF PROCEEDS:  
 
[General corporate purposes - see "Use 
of Proceeds" in the Prospectus.] 
 
[Green Bonds – see "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Prospectus.] 
 
(if the reasons differ from the 
disclosure in the Prospectus, give 
details here) 
 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
CUSIP: 
[      ]

--- Page 284 ---
276 
 
(ii) 
ISIN Code: 
[      ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[See/[[         ], as updated. as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Available][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[See/[[         ], as updated. as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Number Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] [Not 
Available][Not Applicable] (If the CFI and/or FISN is not 
required, requested or available, it/they should be specified 
to be “Not Applicable”) 
(vi) 
Clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the

--- Page 285 ---
277 
 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA not applicable] 
(iv) 
[Whether sales to QIBs under 
Rule 144A are permitted to be 
made:] 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/No] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)  
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 286 ---
278 
 
TAXATION 
United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to U.S. Holders and, to the 
extent provided below, Non-U.S. Holders (each as defined below) acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. This 
summary addresses only the U.S. federal income tax considerations for initial purchasers of Notes at their issue 
price (as defined below) that will hold the Notes as capital assets (generally, property held for investment). This 
summary is based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), final, temporary and 
proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative and judicial interpretations, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which 
may be issued under the Program, and the relevant Final Terms may contain additional or modified disclosure 
concerning the material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. This 
summary does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to investors in light of 
their particular circumstances, such as investors subject to special tax rules (including, without limitation: (i) 
financial institutions; (ii) insurance companies; (iii) dealers or traders in stocks, securities, or currencies or notional 
principal contracts; (iv) regulated investment companies; (v) real estate investment trusts; (vi) tax-exempt 
organisations; (vii) partnerships, pass-through entities, or persons that hold Notes through pass-through entities; 
(viii) investors that hold Notes as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other integrated 
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ix) U.S. Holders that have a functional currency other than the 
U.S. Dollar and (x) U.S. expatriates and former long-term residents of the United States), all of whom may be 
subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarised below. This summary does not address U.S. 
federal estate, gift or alternative minimum tax considerations, Medicare contribution tax on net investment income 
considerations, special rules applicable to accrual basis taxpayers under Section 451(b) of the Code or non-U.S., 
state or local tax considerations. This discussion assumes that there will be no substitution of another entity in 
place of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. Moreover, the summary deals only with Notes with 
a term of 30 years or less.  
For the purposes of this summary, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Notes that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created in, or 
organised under the laws of, the United States or any state thereof, including the District of Columbia, (iii) an 
estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its 
source or (iv) a trust the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which 
has one or more United States persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or 
the trust has validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “Non-U.S. 
Holder” is a beneficial owner of Notes that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership. 
This summary should be read in conjunction with any discussion of U.S. federal income tax consequences in any 
Prospectus supplement or in the applicable Pricing Supplement. To the extent there is any inconsistency in the 
discussion of U.S. tax consequences to holders between this Prospectus, any Prospectus supplement and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, holders should rely on the tax consequences described in any Prospectus 
supplement or in the applicable Pricing Supplement instead of this Prospectus. The Issuer generally intends to 
treat Notes issued under the Program as non-contingent debt, unless otherwise indicated in any Prospectus 
supplement or in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Certain Notes, however, such as Notes with extremely long 
maturities or Subordinated Notes under certain circumstances, may be treated as other than debt (or as contingent 
debt) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The tax treatment of Notes to which a treatment other than as non-
contingent debt may apply may be discussed in any Prospectus supplement or in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. The following disclosure applies only to Notes that are treated as non-contingent debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.

--- Page 287 ---
279 
 
U.S. Holders 
Payments of Interest 
General 
Interest on a Note, including the payment of any additional amounts whether payable in U.S. Dollars or a currency 
other than U.S. Dollars (a “foreign currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified 
stated interest” (each as defined below under “—Original Issue Discount—General”), will be taxable to a U.S. 
Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the holder’s method of 
accounting for tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and OID (as defined below), if any, accrued 
with respect to the Notes (as described below under “—Original Issue Discount”) and payments of any additional 
amounts will generally constitute income from sources outside the United States. 
Foreign Currency Denominated Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of income 
recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. Dollar value of the interest payment, based on the exchange 
rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest payment 
denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during 
the interest accrual period (or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the 
part of the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of 
the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two 
taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year. 
Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual 
period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. Dollars at the 
exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by 
the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by 
the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of the interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or other disposition of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. 
Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference, if any, between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) 
and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of Notes 
issued with original issue discount (“OID”). The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised 
as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event that the Issuer issues 
contingent payment debt instruments, the applicable Final Terms may describe the material U.S. federal income 
tax consequences thereof. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as issued with 
OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” (as defined below) over 
its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity

--- Page 288 ---
280 
 
multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of 
amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) generally will be treated 
as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to 
or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average 
maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for 
each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from 
the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the 
payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the “issue 
price” of a Note under the applicable Final Terms will be the first price at which a substantial amount of such 
Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar 
persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The “stated 
redemption price at maturity” of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not payments 
of “qualified stated interest”. A “qualified stated interest” payment is generally any one of a series of stated 
interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain 
exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a variable rate (in the circumstances described below 
under “Variable Interest Rate Notes”), applied to the outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the 
purpose of determining whether a Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the 
effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has 
the effect of increasing the yield on the Note. If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de 
minimis amount in income as stated principal payments are made on the Note, unless the holder makes the election 
described below under “—Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount”. A U.S. Holder can determine 
the includible amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the Note’s de minimis 
OID by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated principal amount of 
the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and will generally have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder 
of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note for each day during 
the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). 
The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID 
allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. 
Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Discount Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than 
one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day 
of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the 
Discount Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to 
maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for 
the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Note 
allocable to the accrual period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual 
period is the issue price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and 
decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-yield 
method described above under “—Original Issue Discount—General” with certain modifications. For purposes 
of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, as adjusted by any amortisable bond 
premium (described below under “—Notes Purchased at a Premium”). If a U.S. Holder makes this election for 
the Note, then, when the constant-yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will equal its cost, the issue 
date of the Note will be the date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of 
qualified stated interest. This election will generally apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. However, if the Note has amortisable bond premium, the U.S.

--- Page 289 ---
281 
 
Holder will be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against interest for all debt 
instruments with amortisable bond premium, other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludible from 
gross income, held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies or any taxable year 
thereafter. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Variable Interest Rate Notes”) will generally bear interest at a 
“qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under U.S. Treasury 
regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt 
instrument” if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due under the 
Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de minimis amount and (b) it provides for stated interest, 
paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one or 
more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that 
is a qualified inverse floating rate, and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are contingent (other 
than as described in paragraph (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be expected 
to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Variable 
Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute a qualified floating 
rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal to the product of a 
qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased 
by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified floating rates that 
can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as determined 
on the Variable Interest Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one 
or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e., a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e., 
a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate unless the cap or floor is 
fixed throughout the term of the Note. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a single fixed 
formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g., one or more qualified floating 
rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an objective rate if it is based on 
information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to the circumstances of the 
Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer’s stock (although a rate does not 
fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest 
rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable 
rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected 
that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Note’s term will be either 
significantly less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable 
Interest Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating rate” is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a 
fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely 
reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for 
stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a 
qualified floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest 
Rate Note’s issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g., the value of the variable rate on the issue 
date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the 
variable rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be set at a 
“current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than 
three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following that first 
day.

--- Page 290 ---
282 
 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then any stated interest 
on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at 
least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate 
Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout 
the term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will generally not be treated as having been 
issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at a “true” discount (i.e., at a price below the 
Note’s stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a Variable Interest Rate Note 
arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant yield method described above by 
assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) 
in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that 
is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual of 
OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a Variable Interest Rate Note must be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note with a fixed rate equal to the 
value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the 
terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a 
“variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more 
qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified 
floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a qualified inverse 
floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces 
the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest 
Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. 
Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the 
Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described 
above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument pursuant to the 
foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the “equivalent” fixed 
rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument and a U.S. 
Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. 
Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be 
made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest 
accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference to an index, 
does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Variable Interest Rate Note will be treated as a 
contingent payment debt obligation. The proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of Variable Interest Rate Notes 
that are treated as contingent payment debt may be more fully described in the applicable Final Terms. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue OID 
(calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it 
elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). Accrual 
basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes on a straight-

--- Page 291 ---
283 
 
line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the 
case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the 
sale or other disposition of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a 
straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date 
of sale or other disposition. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term 
Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount 
not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term Note 
are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may elect to determine 
OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short Term Note had been originally issued to the U.S. Holder at the U.S. 
Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to all obligations with a maturity of 
one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election 
applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
OID for any accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars in the same manner as 
stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above under “—Payments of Interest”. Upon 
receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment of interest or the sale or other 
disposition of a Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise exchange gain or loss, which will be ordinary gain or loss 
measured by the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate on the 
date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. Dollars. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount Note, its 
stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable bond premium”, in which case 
the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year with respect to interest on the Note will 
be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that 
year. In the case of a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, bond premium 
will be computed in units of foreign currency, and any such bond premium that is taken into account currently 
will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a 
U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by 
the difference between the spot rate in effect on that date, and on the date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. 
Holder. Any election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which 
is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning 
of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable 
without the consent of the IRS. See also “—Original Issue Discount—Election to Treat All Interest as Original 
Issue Discount”. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium into account currently will recognise a 
capital loss when the Note matures. 
Sale or Other Disposition of Notes 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID included in the 
U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments 
that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to 
reduce interest on the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a foreign currency Note will be determined by reference 
to the U.S. Dollar cost of the Notes. The U.S. Dollar cost of a Note purchased with a foreign currency will 
generally be the U.S. Dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on

--- Page 292 ---
284 
 
an established securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a 
cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
A U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or other disposition and the tax basis of the Note. The amount realised on 
a sale or other disposition for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. Dollar value of this amount on the 
date of sale or other disposition or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in 
the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so 
elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied 
consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. Except to the extent described 
above under “—Original Issue Discount—Short-Term Notes” or attributable to accrued but unpaid interest or 
changes in exchange rates (as described below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or other disposition of a Note 
will be capital gain or loss and will generally be treated as from U.S. sources for purposes of the U.S. foreign tax 
credit limitation. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or trust, the maximum marginal federal 
income tax rate applicable to capital gains is currently lower than the maximum marginal rate applicable to 
ordinary income if the Notes are held for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to 
significant limitations. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of a Note that is attributable to changes 
in exchange rates will be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss. However, exchange gain or loss is taken 
into account only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the transaction. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or other disposition of a Note will have a tax basis 
equal to its U.S. Dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or other disposition. Any 
gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or 
an exchange for U.S. Dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
Disclosure Requirements 
U.S. Treasury Regulations meant to require the reporting of certain tax shelter transactions (“Reportable 
Transactions”) could be interpreted to cover transactions generally not regarded as tax shelters, including certain 
foreign currency transactions. Under the U.S. Treasury Regulations, certain transactions with respect to the Notes 
may be characterised as Reportable Transactions including, in certain circumstances, a sale, exchange, retirement 
or other taxable disposition of a foreign currency Note. Persons considering the purchase of such Notes should 
consult with their tax advisers to determine the tax return obligations, if any, with respect to an investment in such 
Notes, including any requirement to file IRS Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement). 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting 
Certain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” that meet certain U.S. Dollar value thresholds 
generally are required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. The Notes 
generally will constitute specified foreign financial assets subject to these reporting requirements unless the Notes 
are held in an account at certain financial institutions. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding 
the application of these disclosure requirements to their ownership of the Notes. 
Non-U.S. Holders 
Subject to the discussion of the backup withholding rules and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
considerations below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding 
tax on any payments on the Notes and gain from the sale, redemption or other disposition of the Notes unless: (i) 
that payment and/or gain is effectively connected with the conduct by that Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business 
in the U.S.; or (ii) in the case of any gain realised on the sale or exchange of a Note by an individual Non-U.S.

--- Page 293 ---
285 
 
Holder, that Holder is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale, exchange or 
retirement and certain other conditions are met. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of principal, interest and accrual of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other 
disposition of, the Notes, payable to a U.S. Holder by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary will be 
reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup withholding 
will apply to these payments (including payments of OID) if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer 
identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise to comply with the applicable backup 
withholding requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding.  
Non-U.S. Holders may be required to comply with applicable certification procedures to establish that they are 
not U.S. Holders in order to avoid the application of such information reporting requirements and backup 
withholding tax. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as “FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as 
defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or 
an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
the Notes, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments made prior the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, in either case unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how 
these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.  
Norwegian Taxation  
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax matters related to the purchase, holding and disposal of Notes. The 
summary is based on Norwegian laws, rules and regulations applicable as of the date hereof, which may be subject 
to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. The following summary is subject to any changes in law occurring after 
such date. 
The summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Norwegian 
tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose of Notes. Specific tax 
consequences may occur for different categories of holders of Notes, e.g. for holders to which specific tax regimes 
apply, in cases where benefits from securities are connected to employment situations, if the holder ceases to be 
tax resident in Norway, etc.

--- Page 294 ---
286 
 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued under the Program to persons who have no connection with 
Norway other than the holding of such Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present Norwegian law, not subject 
to Norwegian tax, and may hence be made without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Notes by persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of the Notes are not, under present Norwegian law, subject to 
Norwegian taxes or duties. 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the issues of the Notes. The Notes will not 
be subject to any Norwegian estate duties. 
Persons considered tax domiciled in Norway for tax purposes will be subject to Norwegian income tax of a flat 
rate of 22.0 per cent. on interest received in respect of the Notes (increased to 25 per cent. for persons that are 
subject to the Norwegian financial entities tax rate). Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by such persons on 
the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation at the same rate. Natural 
persons tax domiciled in Norway are further subject to general net wealth tax, which is not described further in 
this summary.

--- Page 295 ---
287 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes should be eligible for purchase by employee 
benefit plans and other plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), and/or the provisions of section 4975 of the Code and by governmental, church and non-
U.S. plans that are subject to state, local, other federal law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is substantially 
similar to section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”) subject to consideration of the 
issues described in this section. ERISA imposes certain requirements on “employee benefit plans” (as defined in 
section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate 
accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), and on those 
persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA’s 
general fiduciary requirements, including the requirements of investment prudence and diversification and the 
requirement that an ERISA Plan’s investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the ERISA 
Plan. The prudence of a particular investment must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan 
by taking into account the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the 
investment including, but not limited to, the matters discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA 
Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to section 4975 of the Code, such 
as individual retirement accounts (together with ERISA Plans, the “Plans”)) and certain persons (referred to as 
“parties in interest” or “disqualified persons”) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory or 
administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person, including a 
Plan fiduciary, who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and 
liabilities under ERISA and the Code. 
The Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger or any other party to the transactions referred to in this Prospectus may be 
parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect to many Plans. Prohibited transactions within the meaning 
of section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code may arise if any of the Notes is acquired or held by a Plan, 
including but not limited to where the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other party to such transactions is 
a party in interest or a disqualified person. Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of 
section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of 
Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the circumstances under which such decision is made. 
Included among these exemptions are section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating 
to transactions between a person that is a party in interest (other than a fiduciary or an affiliate that has or exercises 
discretionary authority or control or renders investment advice with respect to assets involved in the transaction) 
solely by reason of providing services to the plan, provided that there is adequate consideration for the transaction), 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment 
funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 
(relating to transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by 
insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in-house 
asset managers). Prospective investors should consult with their advisers regarding the prohibited transaction rules 
and these exceptions. There can be no assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be 
available with respect to any particular transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA) and certain church plans (as defined in section 3(33) 
of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of section 406 of ERISA and section 
4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law. Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with 
their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, and the availability of, any 
exemptive relief under any Similar Law. 
Accordingly, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Notes will be deemed by such purchase or 
acquisition of any such Notes to have represented and warranted, on each day from the date on which the purchaser 
or transferee acquires such Notes (or any interest therein) through and including the date on which the purchaser

--- Page 296 ---
288 
 
or transferee disposes of such Notes (or any interest therein), either that (a) it is not a Plan or any entity whose 
underlying assets include, or are deemed for purposes of ERISA or the Code to include, the assets of any Plan or 
a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law or (b) its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such Notes (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under 
section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan 
subject to Similar Law, a violation of any Similar Law) for which an exemption is not available. 
Additionally, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of the Notes (or any interest therein) that is a Plan, 
including any fiduciary purchasing Notes on behalf of a Plan (“Plan Fiduciary”), will be deemed to have 
represented by its purchase and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein) that: (i) none of the Issuer, the 
Dealers, the Arranger or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or other persons that 
provide marketing services, nor any of their respective affiliates, has provided, and none of them will provide, 
any investment recommendation or investment advice (impartial or otherwise) on which it, or any Plan Fiduciary, 
has relied as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes, and they are not otherwise 
undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's acquisition of the Notes; and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is 
exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Notes. 
Each Plan fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or commit to 
purchase and to hold any of the Notes should determine whether, under the documents and instruments governing 
the Plan, an investment in such Notes is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall investment policy 
of the Plan and the composition of the Plan’s investment portfolio. Any Plan proposing to invest in such Notes 
(including any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan) should consult with its counsel to confirm that such 
investment will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other 
requirements of ERISA and the Code (or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, any Similar 
Law). 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger or any 
other party to the transactions that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to 
investments by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for Plans generally 
or any particular Plan.

--- Page 297 ---
289 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
The Notes are being offered on a continuous basis for sale by the Issuer to or through Barclays Capital, Inc. and 
Goldman Sachs International together with such other Dealers as may be appointed by the Issuer with respect to 
a particular Series of Notes (the “Dealers”), pursuant to an amended and restated program agreement entered into 
on 24 March 2022 (as amended and modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Program Agreement”). 
One or more Dealers may purchase the Notes, as principal or agent, from the Issuer from time to time for resale 
to investors and other purchasers at varying prices relating to prevailing market prices at the time of resale as 
determined by any Dealer, or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, for resale at a fixed offering price. Any Dealers of the Notes that are not U.S. registered 
broker-dealers will agree that they will offer and sell the Notes within the United States only through U.S. 
registered broker-dealers. If the Issuer and a Dealer agree, a Dealer may also utilize its reasonable efforts on an 
agency basis to solicit offers to purchase the Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, any Notes sold to one or more Dealers as principal will be purchased by such Dealer(s) at a price 
equal to 100.0 per cent. of the principal amount thereof or such other price as may be set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement less a percentage of the principal amount 
equal to a commission as agreed upon by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). A Dealer may sell the Notes it has 
purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain dealers less a concession equal to all or any portion of the discount 
received in connection with such purchase. Such Dealer may allow, and such dealers may reallow, a discount to 
certain other dealers. After the initial offering of the Notes, the offering price (in the case of Notes to be resold at 
a fixed offering price), the concession and the reallowance may be changed. 
The Issuer may withdraw, cancel or modify any offering contemplated hereby without notice and may reject offers 
to purchase any Notes in whole or in part. Each Dealer shall have the right, in its discretion reasonably exercised, 
without notice to the Issuer, to reject in whole or in part any offer to purchase the Notes received by it on an 
agency basis. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers severally against certain liabilities (including liabilities under the 
Securities Act) or to contribute to payments the Dealers may be required to make in respect thereof. The Issuer 
has also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain other expenses. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which 
may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, 
principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and 
investment banking services for the Issuer, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. 
In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments, including serving as counterparties to certain derivative and hedging 
arrangements, and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any 
time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investment and securities activities 
may involve securities and instruments of the Issuer. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such instruments. 
No Notes will have an established trading market when issued. From time to time, each of the Dealers may make 
a market in the Notes, but no Dealer is obligated to do so and may discontinue any market-making activity at any 
time, and there can be no assurance that there will be a secondary market for the Notes or liquidity in the secondary 
market if one develops. The offering of the Notes by the Dealers is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject 
to the Dealers’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.

--- Page 298 ---
290 
 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefore on the relevant Issue Date, which 
may be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades 
in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle within two business days (“T+2”), unless the parties 
to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, if an Issue Date is more than two business days 
following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers who wish to trade Notes in the United States between the date 
of pricing and the date that is two business days prior to the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the 
fact that such Notes initially will settle beyond T+2, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any 
such trade to prevent a failed settlement. If an Issue Date is more than two business days following the relevant 
date of pricing, purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes between the date of pricing and the date that is two 
business days prior to the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
Price Stabilization and Short Positions 
In connection with the issue of Notes under the Program, the Dealers, acting directly or through subsidiaries, may 
over-allot or effect transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the Notes with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a 
limited period. Such stabilizing, if any, shall be in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. These 
transactions may include stabilizing transactions pursuant to which the Dealers, acting directly or through 
subsidiaries, may bid for or purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise for the purpose of stabilizing the 
market price of the Notes. Each of the Dealers, acting directly or through subsidiaries, may also create a short 
position for its account by selling more Notes in connection with the offering than it is committed to purchase 
from the Issuer, and in such case may purchase Notes in the open market following completion of the offering to 
cover all or a portion of such short position. 
The Dealers may also impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular Dealer repays to the Dealers a portion 
of the subscription price discount received by it because the Dealers have repurchased Notes sold by or for the 
account of such Dealer in stabilizing or short covering transactions. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude 
of any effect that the transactions described in the immediately preceding paragraph may have on the price of the 
Notes. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers makes any representation that the Dealers will engage in any 
such transactions or that such transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
any other jurisdiction in the United States and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or in transactions not 
subject to the registration requirements of, the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent 
that, except as permitted by the Program Agreement, it will not offer or sell the Notes of any Series (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable 
tranche of which such Notes are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S or Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act as set forth below. Accordingly, neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer agrees, and 
each further Dealer appointed to the Program will be required to agree, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of 
Notes (other than a sale pursuant to Rule 144A), it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:

--- Page 299 ---
291 
 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the ”Securities Act”) and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of an identifiable tranche of Notes of which such Notes are a part, except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.” 
Each Dealer represents and agrees that neither it nor any of its affiliates (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation 
D under the Securities Act (“Regulation D”)), nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged or will 
engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in 
connection with any offer and sale of the Notes in the United States. 
The Dealers only may directly through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale 
of Notes within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers in accordance with Rule 144A. Each Dealer 
represents that it has not entered, and agrees that it will not enter, into any contractual arrangement with any 
distributor with respect to the distribution or delivery of the Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act. 
Terms used in the preceding paragraphs but not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specify 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to

--- Page 300 ---
292 
 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed

--- Page 301 ---
293 
 
by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in 
Norway prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in Norway or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in Norway, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that it may make an offer of Notes 
to the public in Norway at any time: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for a total 
consideration of not less than EUR 100,000 per investor, cf. the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4(c) 
as incorporated in Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 
No. 75 (the "Securities Trading Act"); 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, as incorporated 
in Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act; 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sales of any notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, fewer 
than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, 
as incorporated in Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act); or

--- Page 302 ---
294 
 
(d) 
in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated in Norwegian law pursuant to Section 
7-1 of the Securities Trading Act.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe to the instruments offered. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) it has 
not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the 
Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong 
(except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or 
cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 303 ---
295 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of 
the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Any reference to the “SFA” is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that 
term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable 
at the relevant time. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has, unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes to be issued under the Program as 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with offerings of the Notes.

--- Page 304 ---
296 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and 
agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian 
Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, 
transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any 
Belgian Consumer. 
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or any Dealer that would, or is intended to, 
permit a public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession, distribute or publish 
this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in all cases at their own expense. 
Without prejudice to the above paragraphs, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Program will be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, any Agent, the Arranger 
nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, any Agent, the Arranger nor the Dealers represent that the Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
U.S. Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of such Notes. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Prospectus, 
will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
It is (i) a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A (a “QIB”), (ii) acquiring such 
Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB and (iii) aware, and each beneficial owner of such 
Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(b) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred except (i) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any 
person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account 
of a QIB, (ii) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (iii) 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if 
available), or (iv) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States.

--- Page 305 ---
297 
 
(c) 
Either (A) it is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) an “employee 
benefit plan” as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” as 
defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity whose underlying assets are deemed 
for purposes of ERISA or the Code to include the assets of any such employee benefit plan subject to 
ERISA or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. 
plan which is subject to any state, local, other federal law of the United States or non-U.S. law that is 
substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or (B) its acquisition, holding 
and disposition of such Note (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a prohibited 
transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of such a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any such substantially similar state, local, other 
federal law of the United States or non-U.S. law) for which an exemption is not available. 
(d) 
It will deliver to each person to whom it transfers the Notes notice of any restrictions on transfer of such 
Notes. 
(e) 
Such Notes, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law, will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A 
PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE); OR (4) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS NOTE, 
REPRESENTS AND AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOTIFY ANY 
PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY FROM IT OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO 
ABOVE. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), THE 
PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT EITHER 
(A) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT 
BE (I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO 
TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR THE CODE TO INCLUDE THE 
ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO ERISA OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT 
TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH 
IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. 
LAW THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE, OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION

--- Page 306 ---
298 
 
406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF SUCH A GOVERNMENTAL, 
CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, ANY SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR STATE, LOCAL, OTHER 
FEDERAL LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW) FOR WHICH AN EXEMPTION IS NOT 
AVAILABLE.; 
(a) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements, 
and agrees that if any of the acknowledgments, representations or agreements deemed to have been made 
by it by its purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the 
Dealers. If it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers it 
represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account. 
(b) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will initially be represented by the Rule 
144A Global Note. Before any interest in the Rule 144A Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global 
Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in 
the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(c) 
It has received the information, if any, requested by it pursuant to Rule 144A and has had full opportunity 
to review such information. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser of 
such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery of this 
Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (i) it is not a U.S. 
person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and (ii) it is not 
an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(b) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that, 
prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes except (i) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the 
account of a QIB or (ii) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation 
S, in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(c) 
It is not and for so long as it holds a Note (or any interest therein) will not be (i) an “employee benefit 
plan” as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” as defined in 
and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity whose underlying assets are deemed for purposes 
of ERISA or the Code to include the assets of any such employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or other 
plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, or (iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject 
to any state, local, other federal law of the United States or non-U.S. law, that is substantially similar to 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
(d) 
It agrees that it will deliver to each person to whom it transfers the Notes notice of any restrictions on 
transfer of such Notes.

--- Page 307 ---
299 
 
(e) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with applicable 
law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE NOTE EVIDENCED HEREBY (THE “NOTE”) HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES 
ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY, OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDER HEREOF, 
BY PURCHASING THIS NOTE, (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS 
ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION; AND (2) AGREES FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THIS ISSUER THAT DURING THE PERIOD COMMENCING AFTER THE 
COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES THAT IS 40 DAYS AFTER SUCH DATE 
(THE “DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD”), THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS “OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION,” “UNITED STATES,” AND “U.S. PERSON” HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO 
THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), THE 
PURCHASER OR HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND AGREED THAT 
IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
NOT BE (I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
“CODE”), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF 
ERISA OR THE CODE TO INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
SUBJECT TO ERISA OR OTHER PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR (IV) A 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY STATE, 
LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL LAW OF THE UNITED STATES OR NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. 
(f) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the 
truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements, and agrees that 
if any of the acknowledgments, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Dealers. 
(g) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by the Regulation S 
Global Note. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as that term is defined in 
Regulation S), before any interest in the Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Rule 144A Global 
Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in 
the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 308 ---
300 
 
SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in 
effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “banking organisation” within the meaning of the New York 
Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its 
participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the clearance and settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerized book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities 
Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. 
DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” 
and, together with Direct Participants, “Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes (each, a “Beneficial Owner”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are 
required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective 
Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants 
or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described 
above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer the 
interest of the Beneficial Owners in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner is in turn 
to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect 
Participants through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in 
the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial 
Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, 
except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued.

--- Page 309 ---
301 
 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or 
such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial 
Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts 
such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes unless 
authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede 
& Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on 
the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be 
requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon 
DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such other 
nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings shown in DTC’s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not 
of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to 
Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is 
the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Notes in registered form, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with 
their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended 
as set forth under “Plan of Distribution and Transfer Restrictions—U.S. Transfer Restrictions”. 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its Participant, 
to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant to transfer the 
Participant’s interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC’s records, to the relevant agent. The requirement for physical 
delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied 
when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC’s records and followed 
by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent’s DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depository is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a successor 
securities depository). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC.

--- Page 310 ---
302 
 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership and Payment in Respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note accepted in its 
book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Note, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its 
internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global Note will be 
limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note (as 
defined herein), the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial 
interests in a Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected 
only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and 
the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Note accepted by DTC will be made to 
the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in a currency 
other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the 
Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for 
credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Global Note in the currency in which such payment was 
made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial owners 
of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for 
the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, 
the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, 
if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant

--- Page 311 ---
303 
 
clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Global Note 
to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf 
of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global Note accepted 
by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take 
action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes 
through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described under “Plan of Distribution 
and Transfer Restrictions—U.S. Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, 
and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear account holders, on the other hand will 
be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
a Paying Agent and any custodian (“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between account holders in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have 
a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between account holders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, a Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving 
instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests 
being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, 
settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and DTC participants cannot be made 
on a delivery-versus-payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for 
payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Notes among participants and account holders of DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform 
such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents 
or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or account holders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 312 ---
304 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Program and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 7 December 2011 and the update of the Program was authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 9 December 2021.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Program (other than Exempt Notes) 
during the 12 months from the date of the Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its Regulated 
Market. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Program which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or 
any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents (in electronic 
form) will be available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent for the time being: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (as the same may be 
updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement dated 24 March 2022 
between the Issuer and each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the forms of the Notes (in 
global and definitive form); 
(iii) 
this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, each document incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms and each Pricing Supplement (save that Pricing 
Supplements relating to Exempt Notes will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Notes 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity). 
The items listed in items (i) and (ii) above will be available for inspection at https://www.ir.dnb.no/programme-
documents-dnb-bank-usd-144a-programme. 
The items listed in item (iii) above will be available for inspection at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-
rating/funding-programmes/usd-144a-Program.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information 
contained on the above websites do not form part of this Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, each document incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market will also be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) allocated by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for each Tranche of Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 313 ---
305 
 
applicable Pricing Supplement. In addition, the Issuer will make an application for Notes to be accepted for trading 
in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP number for each Tranche of Notes, together with the relevant common 
code and ISIN (if applicable), will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC are the entities in charge of keeping the book-entry records. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank, 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg; and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041–0099, United States. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the time of the offering 
of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes which 
are Exempt Notes), an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and (in the 
case of Reset Notes) on the basis of the rate of interest as at the Issue Date of the Notes. The yield indicated will 
be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Material Change 
Since 31 December 2021, there has been: (i) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) no 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the DNB Group.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in “Description of the DNB Group—Litigation”, neither the Issuer nor any member of the DNB 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of 
this Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the DNB Group.  
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements at and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2020 and 2021, and 
the DNB ASA consolidated financial statements at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, in each case 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young AS, an independent public 
accounting firm, as stated in their report incorporated by reference herein. Ernst & Young AS has not audited, 
reviewed or produced any report on any other information in this Prospectus. 
The address of Ernst & Young AS is Dronning Eufemias gate 6, P.O. Box 20, NO-0051 Oslo, Norway. Ernst & 
Young AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants and is supervised by Norwegian 
Finanstilsynet which is recognised by the Swiss Federal Council. 
Legal Matters 
Certain legal matters in connection with the offering of the Notes will be passed upon for the Issuer by Allen & 
Overy LLP, U.S. and English legal counsel to the Issuer. Certain legal matters in connection with the offering of 
the Notes will be passed upon for the Arranger and Dealers by Herbert Smith Freehills LLP, U.S. and English

--- Page 314 ---
306 
 
legal counsel to the Arranger and Dealers, and Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS, Norwegian legal counsel to the 
Arranger and Dealers. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.dnb.no/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Prospectus after the end of its 
12-month validity period. 
Irish Listing Agent 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Notes issued 
under the Program and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Program to the Official List or to 
trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Investments in subsidiaries as of 31 December 2021  
Amounts in NOK thousands (values in NOK unless otherwise indicated)  
 
 
Share 
capital 
Number of 
shares 
Ownership 
share in per 
cent. 
Carrying 
amount 
Foreign subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
DNB Invest Denmark .........................  
DKK 
877,579 
877,578,841 
100.00  
10,955,472 
DNB Baltic Invest ..............................  
EUR 
5,000 
1,000 
100.00 
3,272,991 
DNB Bank Polska ..............................  
PLN 
1,257,200 
1,257,200,000 
100.00  
1,773,563 
DNB Asia1 .........................................  
USD 
38,226 
150,000,000 
100.00  
181,850 
DNB Asia1 .........................................  
SGD 
20,000 
20,000,000 
100.00  
100,769 
DNB Auto Finance 
EUR 
100 
100 
100.00 
911,677 
DNB Capital2 .....................................  
 
 
100.00  
21,176,160 
DNB Luxembourg ..............................  
EUR 
70,000 
70,000 
100.00  
699,197 
DNB Markets Inc. ..............................  
USD 
1 
1,000 
100.00  
3,233 
DNB Sweden  .....................................  
SEK 
100,000 
100,000,000 
100.00  
14,121,336 
DNB (UK) Limited ............................  
GBP 
1,154,200 
1,154,200,000 
100.00  
13,724,935 
Domestic subsidiaries 
 
  
  
 
  
DNB Livsforsikring3 ..........................  
 
1,641,492 
64,827,288 
100.00  
17,982,795 
DNB Asset Management3 ..................  
 
274,842 
220,050 
100.00  
2,182,107 
DNB Boligkreditt ...............................  
 
4,527,000 
1 
100.00  
30,334,000 
DNB Eiendom ....................................  
 
10,003 
100,033 
100.00  
168,241 
DNB Eiendomsutvikling ....................  
 
91,200 
91,200,000 
100.00  
330,885 
DNB Gjenstands-administrasjon ........  
 
3,000 
30 
100.00  
3,000 
DNB Invest Holding ..........................   
 
10,000 
200,000 
100.00  
22,703 
DNB Næringsmegling ........................   
 
1,000 
10,000 
100.00  
24,000 
DNB Ventures ....................................  
 
100 
1,000 
100.00 
83,468 
IOS Tubular Management ..................  
 
900 
750 
100.00 
42,200 
Kongsberg Industrieiendom ...............  
 
100 
1,000 
100.00  
10,000

--- Page 315 ---
307 
 
Ocean Holding 
 
10,000 
1,000 
100.00 
217,129 
Godfjellet 
 
9,636 
8,030 
100.00 
721,600 
Vipps 
 
100 
1,000 
100.00 
85 
UniMicro 
 
1,000 
600,000 
60.00 
184,200 
Total investments in  
subsidiaries .......................................  
 
 
 
 
119,227,596 
 _____________  
Notes: 
(1) 
DNB Asia Ltd has part of its share capital denominated in SGD (due to local requirements) and a part of its share capital 
denominated in USD. 
(2) 
DNB Capital LLC, a limited liability company, has paid-in capital of USD 2.4 billion. 
(3)  
See “Description of the DNB Group—The Merger” regarding the merger with DNB ASA. As part of the merger, DNB ASA’s 
ownership of the wholly owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset Management AS were transferred to DNB 
Bank ASA.

--- Page 316 ---
0029834-0000300 EUO2: 2002182965.2 
1 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0191 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ARRANGER 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
Goldman Sachs International 
745 Seventh Avenue 
Plumtree Court 
New York, New York 10019 
25 Shoe Lane 
United States 
London EC4A 4AU 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT and EXCHANGE AGENT 
REGISTRAR and TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citibank Europe plc 
Citigroup Centre 
1 North Wall Quay 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
Dublin 1 
London E14 5LB 
Ireland 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law 
as to United States law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
52 avenue Hoche 
London E1 6AD 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
United Kingdom 
France 
 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealers 
as to Norwegian law 
as to United States and English law 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Dronning Mauds Gate 11 
Exchange House, Primrose Street 
PO Box 1513 Vika 
London EC2A 2EG 
N-0115 Oslo 
Norway 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 6 
P.O. Box 20 
NO-0051 Oslo 
Norway