--- Page 1 ---
11/86235560_3 
i 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
(incorporated in Norway) 
€45,000,000,000 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (as supplemented and amended from time to time) (the 
"Programme"), DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes ("Notes") denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Any Notes issued under the Programme on or 
after the date of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") are issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect 
any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued (i) on an unsubordinated basis ("Senior Preferred Notes"); (ii) on a non-
preferred basis as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"); or (iii) on a 
subordinated basis as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein ("Subordinated Notes"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or uncertificated book-entry form 
cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", 
respectively). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€45,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). A description of the restrictions applicable 
at the date of this Base Prospectus relating to the maturity of certain Notes is set out in "Overview of the Programme – Maturities". 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme – 
Dealers" below and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the 
"relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme. This Base 
Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Bank nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under 
the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined below) and Swiss Domestic Notes) within the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official 
List") and trading on its regulated market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
In addition, application will be made to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (the "SIX Swiss Exchange") 
pursuant to article 54 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"). Upon specific request, Notes issued under the 
Programme may be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended 
to be (i) admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and are intended to be listed on the Official List or (ii) 
admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange or (iii) (in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified

--- Page 2 ---
11/86235560_3 
ii 
in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below)) 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and listed on the official list of the Oslo Stock Exchange, 
as the case may be. The applicable pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement") in respect of the issue of any Exempt Notes will 
specify whether or not such Exempt Notes will be admitted to listing or trading on any non-EEA stock exchanges and/or markets, 
if applicable. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of Notes will be set forth in a Final Terms document ("Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing 
Supplement. Each Final Terms, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank and 
Euronext Dublin. Each Pricing Supplement, with respect to Notes to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, will be delivered to 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue Notes which are 
not listed or admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes (including 
Swiss Domestic Notes) for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank 
has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes and the Central Bank 
assumes no responsibility in relation to issues of Exempt Notes. 
DNB Bank ASA is both the Issuer and acting as a Dealer under the Programme. Consequently, the Issuer is a "related 
issuer" of DNB Bank ASA within the meaning of the Canadian National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts in 
connection with the distribution of the Notes in relation to which it is acting as a Dealer. The determination of the terms 
of the distribution will be negotiated between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the time of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. 
The Programme has been rated AA- (Senior Preferred Notes), A (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), A- (Subordinated Notes) and A-
1+ (short-term) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), and (P)Aa2 (Senior Preferred Notes), (P)A2 (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), (P)A3 (Subordinated Notes) and (P)P-1 (short-term) by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"). 
S&P is a Dublin-based Irish company registered with the European Securities and Markets Authority as a credit rating agency 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and Moody's is established in the European Union 
("EU") and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings 
issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and the ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Limited, in each case in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal, at any time, by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International  
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
DNB Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
11/86235560_3 
iii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement relating to any Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
regulated market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/ and will 
be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined 
below) for the time being in London. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain information under "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group" has been extracted from publicly 
available sources and references to any such third-party sources of information are included herein. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution nor is any responsibility or liability 
accepted by the Dealers for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant 
Dealer) in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. None of the Arranger 
and the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the proceeds of any Green Bonds (as defined 
below) issued under this Programme. The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to 
the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealers to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the documents 
deemed to be incorporated herein by reference when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that this Base Prospectus may be

--- Page 4 ---
11/86235560_3 
iv 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers 
have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway and Italy), the UK, Japan, Hong 
Kong, Singapore and Canada (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Any offer of Notes in the UK must be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer 
of Notes in the UK may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA in relation to such offer. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish such a prospectus for 
any offer of Notes. 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note in bearer form (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") which will (i) if the global 
Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and (ii) if the global Notes 
are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a permanent global Note in bearer form (a 
"Permanent Bearer Global Note") or Bearer Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
(other than in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes) either (i) is exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes upon not less than 60 days' notice or (ii) is only exchangeable (in whole but not in part) for 
definitive Notes following the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined under "Form of the Notes"), 
all as further described in "Form of the Notes" below. In respect of each Tranche of Notes denominated in 
Swiss Francs, the Issuer may deliver a permanent global Note in bearer form (a "Swiss Global Note") in 
respect of such Notes ("Swiss Domestic Notes"), which will be deposited on or about the issue date of the 
Tranche with SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") 
or, as the case may be, with any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purpose by the SIX 
Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other intermediary, the "Intermediary"). Subject to certain exceptions, 
Bearer Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States to, or for the account or benefit 
of, United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury 
regulations thereunder). See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that Notes other than Exempt Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes have not been, and 
will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may 
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, "U.S. persons" (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in 
accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of each 
Tranche of such Series sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
will be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a "Reg. S

--- Page 5 ---
11/86235560_3 
v 
Global Note"), which will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary 
or common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in 
the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. Prior to expiry of the period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
each Tranche of Notes (the "Distribution Compliance Period"), beneficial interests in the Reg. S Global 
Note may not be offered or sold to persons located in the United States, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person except in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation 
S, or pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series sold in private transactions to qualified institutional buyers 
("QIBs") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act will be represented by a restricted 
permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons (a "Restricted Global Note", and, 
together with a Reg. S Global Note, "Registered Global Notes"), deposited with a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. The Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series sold to 
"accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) and (7) under the Securities Act) which are 
institutions ("Institutional Accredited Investors") will be in definitive form, registered in the name of the 
holder thereof. Registered Notes in definitive form will, at the request of the holder, be issued in exchange 
for interests in the Registered Global Notes upon compliance with the procedures for exchange as described 
in "Form of the Notes". 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book-entry form, as more fully described under 
"Form of the Notes" below. On or before the issue date of each Tranche of VPS Notes entries may be made 
with the VPS to evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to accountholders with the VPS. VPS 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes from time to 
time. 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Registered Notes may be offered and sold in the United 
States exclusively to persons reasonably believed by the Dealers to qualify as QIBs (as defined herein) or 
placed privately pursuant to section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act with institutions that are accredited 
investors as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. Each U.S. 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may 
be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the 
resales of Registered Notes, the Issuer is required to furnish, upon request of a holder or beneficial owner 
of a Registered Note and a prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial owner, the 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Registered Notes are 
not transferable to other holders within the United States or to U.S. persons except upon satisfaction of 
certain conditions as described under "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been recommended by or approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any other federal or state securities commission in the United States 
nor has the SEC or any other federal or state securities commission confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United 
States. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold 
except as permitted under applicable federal or state securities laws pursuant to a registration statement or 
an exemption from registration. Investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or 
superseded (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation

--- Page 6 ---
11/86235560_3 
vi 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend titled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will include a legend titled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) may (if applicable) include a legend titled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
An investment in the Notes is not an equivalent to an investment in a bank deposit. Although an investment 
in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with the Issuer or with any other 
investment firm in the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaires (the "DNB Group"), an investment in the 
Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of such a deposit. The Notes are expected 
to have greater liquidity than a bank deposit since bank deposits are generally not transferable. However, 
the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
The Notes are unsecured and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, are subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Investments in the Notes do not benefit from any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit guarantee schemes or any national implementing 
measures implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or 
defaults on its obligations, investors investing in the Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment.

--- Page 7 ---
11/86235560_3 
vii 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June, 2016, 
as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable 
Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to, 
and it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell Notes other than to, purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to Section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts ("NI 33-105"), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with offerings of Notes under the Programme involving U.S. distribution. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current 
expectations with respect to future events, financial and operating performance and future market 
conditions. Words such as "believe", "anticipate", "expect", "aim", "project", "expect", "intend", "predict", 
"target", "may", "might", "assume", "could", "will" and "should" or other variations or comparable 
terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements appear in a 
number of places in this Base Prospectus including, without limitation, the documents referred to in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference", "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the DNB 
Group". These forward-looking statements address matters such as: 
• 
the Bank's business strategy and financial targets; 
• 
performance of the financial markets; 
• 
future prospects of the Bank such as growth prospects, cost development under the cost programme 
and future write-downs on loans; and 
• 
future exposure to credit, market, liquidity and other risks. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and 
depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. While the Bank has prepared these 
forward-looking statements in good faith and on the basis of assumptions it believes to be reasonable, any 
such forward-looking statements are not guarantees or warranties of future performance. The Bank's actual 
financial condition, results of operation and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which it 
operates, may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
11/86235560_3 
viii 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars, those to 
"NOK" refer to Norwegian kroner, those to "Yen" refer to Japanese yen, those to "Sterling" and "£" refer 
to pounds sterling and those to "euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locators (each, a "URL") are inactive 
textual references and are included for information purposes only. Other than in relation to the documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the 
contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Base 
Prospectus. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE  
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the applicable Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) all Notes shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). The notification or any 
such legend included in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 9 ---
11/86235560_3 
ix 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
11/86235560_3 
x 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 64 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 66 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 67 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 72 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 90 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 107 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 109 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 196 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB GROUP ................................................................ 197 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................ 206 
MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 226 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION .................................................................................................... 234 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 247 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 249 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 258 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 261

--- Page 11 ---
11/86235560_3 
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be 
published. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Description: .............................  
DNB Bank ASA, a public limited company (in Norwegian: 
allmennaksjeselskap) incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom 
of Norway on 10 September 2002 with registration number 984 851 
006. The registered office of the Issuer is at Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, N-0021 Oslo, Norway. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): .......................................  
 
549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description: .............................  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: .................................  
Goldman Sachs International  
Dealers: ....................................  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Registrar: .................................  
Citibank Europe PLC 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: ......................................  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Account Manager: ...........  
DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice 
Size: .........................................  
Up to €45,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in "General Description of the Programme") 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.

--- Page 12 ---
11/86235560_3 
2 
Distribution: .............................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: ...............................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Swiss Francs, Yen or 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: ...............................  
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Unless otherwise permitted by then-current laws, 
regulations and directives, Subordinated Notes will have a minimum 
maturity of at least five years. 
Issue Price: ..............................  
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: .........................  
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as described in 
"Form of the Notes" below. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
will be initially represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior to 
the Issue Date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Notes are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
Issue Date to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Temporary Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for either a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or Bearer Notes in definitive form, 
in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
 
Each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes will initially be represented 
by a Swiss Global Note which will be deposited on or about the issue 
date of the Tranche with the Intermediary. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either (i) a 
Reg. S Global Note, deposited with a custodian for, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective 
participants or deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, (ii) a Restricted Global Note, deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or 
(iii) (in the case of Registered Notes sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors) Registered Notes in definitive form, registered in the 
name of the holder thereof. 
 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and vice 
versa.

--- Page 13 ---
11/86235560_3 
3 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. 
Fixed Rate Notes: ....................  
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: ................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement)) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., including, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmark Supplement; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Exempt Notes, on such other basis as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Reset Notes: .............................  
Notes may have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial 
fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference 
to a Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Specified Currency, a Reference 
Bond Rate or the CMT Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 14 ---
11/86235560_3 
4 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Reset Notes 
and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) and on redemption, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes: ................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: .........................  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: ............................  
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will indicate the redemption amount, the 
scheduled maturity date (which in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
must be at least five years after the issue date in respect of such 
Notes) and will also indicate whether the relevant Notes can be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or whether the relevant 
Notes will be redeemable: 
(a) at the option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call") (which, in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, may not take place prior to 
the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date); and/or 
(b)  (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes) at the option of the 
Noteholders ("Investor Put"),  
upon giving, in the case of exercise of the Issuer Call, not less than 
5 nor more than 15 days' irrevocable notice, or in the case of exercise 
of the Investor Put, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice (or in either case, if applicable, not less than any 
other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum 
period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, at the maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such terms as are indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Where, in respect of a Series of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement specify that Condition 7(j) applies, if a Capital Event 
occurs in respect of such Series, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem 
Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator, if then required). 
 
Where, in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(m) 
applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event occurs in respect of such

--- Page 15 ---
11/86235560_3 
5 
Series, the Issuer shall be entitled to redeem such Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be (subject to 
the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator, if then 
required). 
 
No early redemption of (i) Senior Preferred Notes (other than in the 
case of an Investor Put), (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (iii) 
Subordinated Notes may take place without the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such 
permission is required). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ...  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in 
relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments as described in Condition 5(d). 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC Fallbacks (Condition 5(e))" 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) in 
relation to a Floating Rate Note or a Reset Note, and the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, 
the Issuer will determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with the benchmark transition provisions as described in Condition 
5(e). 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON (Condition 5(f))" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), if SARON is not 
published on the SIX Group's Website at the Specified Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and its 
related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred at or 
prior to the Specified Time on a relevant Zurich Banking Day, 
SARON will be replaced by the Recommended Replacement Rate, 
the SNB Policy Rate or such other rate as may be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Agent as described in Condition 5(f). 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA (Condition 5(g))" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), if TONA is not 
published in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day and a TONA Index 
Cessation Event and its related TONA Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, TONA will be replaced by the JPY 
Recommended Rate, an alternative rate for TONA or the last 
provided or published JPY Recommended Rate or the last provided 
or published TONA or such other rate as may be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Agent as described in Condition 5(g).

--- Page 16 ---
11/86235560_3 
6 
Denomination of Notes: ..........  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Note) will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency at the time of issue) or such other amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
regulatory authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
The minimum denomination of each Note sold, resold or transferred 
to an Institutional Accredited Investor will be U.S.$500,000 or its 
equivalent in other Specified Currencies. 
Taxation: ..................................  
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Norwegian 
withholding taxes unless required by law. If such withholdings are 
required by Norwegian law, the Issuer will in certain circumstances, 
and in respect of payments of interest only, pay certain additional 
amounts as described in, and subject to the exceptions set out in, 
Condition 8. 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
deduction or withholding required by FATCA, as provided in 
Condition 6(b), but without prejudice to Condition 8. 
Negative Pledge: ......................  
The Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross-Default: .........................  
None. 
Events of Default: ....................  
The Notes contain very limited events of default. 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: ......................................  
 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to 
be preferred by law) at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, from 
time to time outstanding. See Condition 2. 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: .......................  
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be issued on terms such 
that they (i) have an original contractual maturity of at least one year 
and (ii) do not contain embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves for the purposes of the Financial Institutions Act Section 
20-32 first paragraph number four (implementing Article 108(2) of 
the BRRD). 
The 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, and at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and, subject as otherwise provided by applicable law from time to 
time, will form part of the class of Statutory Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer. 
 
Subject as otherwise provided by applicable law from time to time, 
in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer 
by way of public administration (except, in any such case, an 
Excluded Winding-up, as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes), claims of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 17 ---
11/86235560_3 
7 
against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity 
Securities 
and 
any 
other 
Statutory 
Non-Preferred 
Obligations, if any; 
 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior 
Securities; and 
 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
 
See Condition 3. 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: ......................................  
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute dated, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes will, upon 
issue, qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Group.  
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined below)), for so long as 
the Subordinated Notes or any part thereof qualifies (or would but 
for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) 
as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, they will constitute 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall rank accordingly in the 
Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(b).  
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, if, at any time, the Issuer or the 
Relevant Regulator determines that the Subordinated Notes have 
ceased to be, or are not, Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, they shall 
upon such determination immediately and automatically (without 
any need for any further action on the part of the Issuer or the 
consent or approval of any holder of Subordinated Notes) become 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, 
rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(b).  
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, if, at any time after the Notes have 
become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations, the Issuer or the Relevant 
Regulator determines that they re-qualify as Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations, then they shall immediately and automatically (without 
any need for any further action on the part of the Issuer or the 
consent or approval of any Noteholder) constitute Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly 
in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(b). 
 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, in the event of a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public 
administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), 
claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes (including claims for 
any amounts attributable to the Subordinated Notes and any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) will

--- Page 18 ---
11/86235560_3 
8 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, 
subject to applicable law (and subject as provided in Condition 4(c) 
with respect to Legacy Subordinated Obligations), as either 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Priority of Claims described in 
Condition 4(b). 
 
See Condition 4. 
Loss Absorption under BRRD .  
The BRRD was implemented in Norway with effect from 1 January 
2019. Under the BRRD, the Norwegian resolution authorities have 
extensive powers to resolve failing banks. Any such action (or 
anticipated action) taken in respect of the Issuer, its group and/or the 
Notes could result in Noteholders losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. See "Risk Factors—Regulatory action in 
the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect 
the value of the Notes including in a manner which may result in 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in 
the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes".  
No right of set-off or 
counterclaim: ...........................  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim against monies 
owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such holder of 
Notes. 
Subordinated Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: ........  
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(l) applies, if 
at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 7(i) (if, and to the 
extent, so required), either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes of a Series for, or vary their terms so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(l)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(l). 
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: ........  
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 7(m) applies, 
if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i) (if applicable and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all (but not some only) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) for, or vary their terms so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL 
Securities (as defined in Condition 7(m)), as further provided in 
Condition 7(m). 
Ratings: ....................................  
The Programme has been rated AA- (Senior Preferred Notes), A 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes), A- (Subordinated Notes) and A-1+ 
(short-term) by S&P and (P)Aa2 (Senior Preferred Notes), (P)A2 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes), (P)A3 (Subordinated Notes) and 
(P)P-1 (short-term) by Moody's. S&P is established in the EU and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody's is established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings 
issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings 
issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 19 ---
11/86235560_3 
9 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ...................................  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes and Swiss 
Domestic Notes) within the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Applications may be made to list VPS Notes (or other Notes where 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may applicable Pricing 
Supplement, so specify) on the Oslo Stock Exchange. Any such 
applications will (where relevant) be in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations governing the listing of VPS Notes on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, Oslo Børs ("Oslo Stock Exchange") from time to 
time. 
 
In addition, application will be made, pursuant to article 54 FinSA, 
to register the Programme on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Upon 
specific request, Notes issued under the Programme may be listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Swiss Domestic Notes may be listed 
only on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to each Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Exempt Notes may only be admitted to listing or trading on non-
EEA stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: .......................  
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom, 
or in connection therewith, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except for: (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; (iii) the provisions 
of Condition 4; (iv) the provisions of Condition 11; (v) the 
provisions of Condition 22 and (vi) any other write-down or 
conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and any 
regulation applicable to the Issuer from time to time, which, in each 
case, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Act relating to Central 
Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement of 15 March 2019 
no.6., as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes 
will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation.

--- Page 20 ---
11/86235560_3 
10 
Agreement with Respect to the 
exercise of Norwegian Bail-in 
Powers: ....................................  
By its acquisition of any Note, each holder of Notes acknowledges 
and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to: (i) the exercise of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority which could include and result 
in (without limitation) (a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
Relevant Amounts in respect of any Notes, (b) the conversion of all, 
or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of any Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to, or conferral, on the holder of such shares, 
securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of any Notes, (c) the 
cancellation of any Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of any 
Notes, and (d) the amendment or alteration of the duration of any 
Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on any Notes, 
or the dates on which interest may become payable, including by 
suspending or cancelling payment for a temporary period; and (ii) 
the variation of the terms of any Notes, as deemed necessary by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and/or to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 22. 
Selling Restrictions: .................  
There are selling restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway 
and Italy), the UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, Canada, Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and 
Sale" below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: .............................  
For United States securities law purposes only, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer under Regulation S. Notes will be issued in 
accordance with TEFRA D, TEFRA D (Swiss Exemption) or 
TEFRA C unless TEFRA is not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C unless TEFRA is not applicable. 
MiFID product governance / UK 
MiFIR product governance / 
PRIIPs Regulation / UK PRIIPs 
Regulation: .................................  
The Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend titled "MiFID II product 
governance" and may include a legend titled "UK MiFIR product 
governance", which (in each case) will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
If the Final Terms or, as the case may be, Pricing Supplement in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend titled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor (as described in 
"Subscription and Sale" below) in, respectively, the EEA and/or in 
the UK, and no key information document under the PRIIPs 
Regulation and/or, as the case may be, the UK PRIIPs Regulation 
will be prepared. 
Use of proceeds: ......................  
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 21 ---
11/86235560_3 
11 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of Notes issued by the Issuer may be used to finance 
or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Green Loans 
under the Green Finance Framework (as defined below).

--- Page 22 ---
11/86235560_3 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
If any of the following risks actually occur, the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of the Notes could 
decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are 
those that the DNB Group believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones the 
DNB Group faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the DNB Group or that the 
DNB Group currently deems immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects of the DNB Group and could negatively affect the price of the 
Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the risks set forth and referred to below and the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference 
herein) and should reach their own views and decisions on the merits and risks of investing in the Notes in 
light of the investor's personal circumstances. Furthermore, investors should consult their financial, legal 
and tax advisors to carefully review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes. 
The following is a description of the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, it is not an exhaustive list and should be used as guidance 
only. When a risk factor is relevant in more than one category, such risk factor is presented only under the 
category deemed to be the most relevant for such risk factor. 
Risks Related to the Issuer  
Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which the DNB Group 
operates may adversely affect the DNB Group's business and results of operations and are likely to 
continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur.  
The DNB Group's business activities are dependent on the level of banking and financial services required 
by its customers. In particular, borrowing levels are heavily dependent on customer confidence, 
employment trends, the state of the economy, and market interest rates. The DNB Group's performance is 
significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in Norway and, to a lesser extent, the other 
countries in which it operates, as well as general global economic conditions as they may affect both the 
general economic conditions in Norway (being an open and relatively small economy) and particular sectors 
of the economy that are important to the DNB Group's business, such as the offshore oil and gas, shipping 
and real estate sectors. As the DNB Group currently conducts the majority of its business in Norway, its 
performance is significantly influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Norway, 
which is, in turn, affected by both domestic and international economic factors (for example, fluctuations 
in the price of oil and gas, inflation rates and expectations, and interest rate developments), geopolitical 
events (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine as discussed under "—The DNB Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
and other geopolitical risks" below) and political events, including trade policy disagreements, for example, 
between the United States and China, which have a negative impact on the global financial markets.  
Mainland Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") in Norway grew by 3.7 per cent. in 2022 and is estimated to 
have grown by 1.1 per cent. in 2023 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 March 2024). Estimated GDP for 2024 and 
the coming years is uncertain, however recent estimates from Norges Bank suggest growth of 0.5 per cent. 
in 2024, growth of 1.3 per cent. in 2025 and growth of 1.3 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 
March 2024). In its World Economic Outlook Update, the International Monetary Fund ("IMF") notes that 
global economic growth is projected to be 3.1 per cent. in 2023, remain at 3.1 per cent. in 2024 and increase 
to 3.2 per cent. in 2025. The forecast for 2024 to 2025 is, however, below the historical average of 3.8 per 
cent. (between 2000 and 2019), with elevated central bank policy rates to fight inflation, a withdrawal of

--- Page 23 ---
11/86235560_3 
13 
fiscal support amid high debt weighing on economic activity, and low underlying productivity growth 
(Source: The World Economic Outlook Update: Moderating Inflation and Steady Growth Open Path to 
Soft Landing, January 2024, The IMF, 30 January 2024). 
Rising inflation has become a significant issue, both in Norway and globally. In March 2024, the twelve-
month inflation rate in Norway was 3.9 per cent. (Source: Statistics Norway, 10 April 2024). The main 
driver of inflation was higher prices on food and beverages. Core inflation in Norway (i.e. inflation adjusted 
for tax changes and excluding electricity and fuel) was 4.5 per cent. in March 2024 on a twelve-month basis 
(Source: Statistics Norway, 10 April 2024). Continued high inflation may trigger faster and higher interest 
rate hikes from Norges Bank than those that Norges Bank implemented in 2022 and in 2023 and may delay 
potential rate cuts. This may have a detrimental effect on the growth of the Norwegian economy and, in 
turn, on the DNB Group’s customers. Thus, higher inflation rates may create a risk that real income for 
households in Norway could decrease in 2024. This may have an adverse effect on the DNB Group's retail 
customers which could, in turn, adversely affect the DNB Group's business and results of operations. Higher 
wages as a result of higher inflation will also lead to higher nominal costs for the DNB Group.  
Oil and gas industry 
In particular, the state of the Norwegian economy depends on the performance of the oil and gas industry. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 and the consequent significant decrease in demand for oil, coupled with the 
decision of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") to remove all limits on oil 
production in March 2020, caused a sharp drop in oil prices in the first half of 2020. The OPEC+ countries 
subsequently reached an agreement in relation to production volumes which, over time and coupled with 
relaxations of the COVID-19 measures imposed, helped to bring prices back to more normal levels in 2022. 
Crude oil prices increased in the first quarter of 2022 due to OPEC production agreements, economic 
recovery and as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine with Brent crude oil prices increasing 
to U.S.$139.13 per barrel on 7 March 2022, the highest level in almost 14 years. While crude oil prices 
remained high through the second quarter of 2022, they declined in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, 
as Russia's oil production proved resilient despite sanctions.  
Despite better-than-expected oil demand growth in 2023, combined with continued OPEC+ production 
cuts, Brent crude oil prices declined to approximately U.S.$72 per barrel in mid-June 2023 as global oil 
supply was higher than expected, with oil production from countries like the U.S., Iran and Brazil 
outperforming expectations. After increasing to a high of approximately U.S.$96 per barrel at the end of 
September 2023, oil prices declined to around U.S.$78 per barrel at the end of 2023. As a result, OPEC+ 
increased its production cuts for the first quarter of 2024 at the OPEC+ meeting in late November 2023. If 
OPEC were to introduce further production cuts or to change their strategy from price-focused to volume-
focused, this could result in a material decline in oil prices. Furthermore, escalating geopolitical risks, 
particularly in the Middle East, also pose a potential threat to global oil supply. 
European natural gas prices also experienced unprecedented volatility in 2022, particularly as a result of 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Gas prices increased in the first half of 2022, with prices reaching 
historic highs in August 2022. Since then, European gas prices have been declining. The combination of 
record high LNG imports to Europe and decreased demand has more than balanced the European gas market 
and pushed gas inventories to record high seasonal levels. 
The global LNG market is expected to remain relatively tight in 2024, but significant supply additions are 
expected for the 2025 to 2030 period, primarily driven by expanding U.S. and Qatar LNG export capacity. 
As a result, there is a significant risk of the global LNG balance moving from tightness to oversupply over 
the next five years. 
With the loss of Russian gas import volumes, the European gas market has become highly dependent on 
sourcing a significant share of its gas imports from the global LNG market. Consequently, European gas

--- Page 24 ---
11/86235560_3 
14 
prices are strongly interlinked with the global LNG market, which is at risk of moving from tightness to 
oversupply within the next five years. 
There can be no assurance that oil and gas prices will not decrease further or remain volatile, particularly 
if production output levels are further modified or demand decreases. As a result, the level of oil and gas 
investments is highly uncertain, thereby directly impacting the operations and profitability of the DNB 
Group's clients in the oil, gas and offshore industry, which, as of 31 March 2024, accounted for 
approximately 3.0 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions) for the DNB Group. 
Investments in oil and gas in Norway decreased by 7.2 per cent. in 2022 and subsequently increased by an 
estimated 10.5 per cent. in 2024 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 March 2024). Norges Bank has estimated that 
there will be a 10.0 per cent. increase in 2024, a 5.0 per cent. decrease in 2025 and a 3.0 per cent. decrease 
in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 March 2024). Significant reductions and/or volatility in oil and gas prices 
could have a significant impact on oil and gas investments in 2024 and beyond. Low oil and gas prices, 
high volatility in oil and gas prices and reduced oil and gas-related investments would likely have a material 
adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and the DNB Group's customers.  
Housing sector 
Housing prices have risen steadily in Norway over the last two decades. Although housing prices dropped 
in 2017 due to a low oil price environment and in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, prices 
recovered in both instances. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the most recent all-time high for housing 
prices in Norway was in May 2023. After May 2023, housing prices fell in the rest of the year, however so 
far in 2024, housing prices have increased by 5.8 per cent. (Source: Housing price statistics, Real Estate 
Norway, 4 April 2024), resulting in a drop of 0.4 per cent. from the all-time high in May 2023. The increase 
so far in 2024 is a reflection of robust household income and high demand for housing. 
Higher key policy rates, combined with higher inflation, slower growth in household incomes and higher 
future demand of new housing suggest a high degree of uncertainty regarding further developments in 
housing prices and a drop in housing prices may occur. Stricter regulation of home mortgages may also 
continue to dampen housing price growth. Historically low interest rates that prevailed until mid-2022 have 
resulted in a further build-up of household debt, increasing the risk of a bubble in the housing market. Any 
further correction in housing prices, if accompanied by weakened economic conditions and/or higher 
unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the Norwegian economy and on the DNB Group's 
financial condition. 
Household debt ratios in Norway are high, both historically and compared with many other countries. Such 
high household debt levels increase the risk that households will reduce consumption in response to a 
substantial decrease in housing prices or a pronounced increase in interest rates. An abrupt decrease in 
household consumption could lead to reduced corporate earnings and debt-servicing capacity, which could 
result in higher losses on the DNB Group's corporate loans. 
Unemployment 
The unemployment rate in Norway has been at a historically low level in a European context. Due to the 
outbreak of COVID-19, the unemployment rate increased significantly in the second quarter of 2020, but 
has since decreased. As at 31 March 2024, the registered unemployment rate was 2.1 per cent. (Source: 
Labour and Welfare agency, 1 April, 2024). The registered unemployment rate is expected to reach  2.0 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2024, 2.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2025 and 2.2 per cent. as at 31 December 
2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 March 2024). Although it is not possible to accurately predict the 
unemployment rate in future periods, a persistent lower or volatile oil price environment, together with any 
further waves of infection and/or new variants of COVID-19 or macroeconomic consequences from either 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions or general financial instability, could have 
a material adverse effect on the unemployment rate in Norway.

--- Page 25 ---
11/86235560_3 
15 
Any or all of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Group might 
not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
The DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected 
by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks. 
The geopolitical tension between Russia and Ukraine increased in 2021 as Russian military activity in the 
region increased and Russia demanded guarantees that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ("NATO") 
should not be expanded. As a result, several NATO countries have increased military troops in the eastern 
parts of Europe. On 24 February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. This conflict has 
impacted and is expected to continue to impact energy prices and energy supply in Europe, which is largely 
dependent on Russian natural gas and on crude oil. In addition, NATO and other countries have 
implemented unprecedented economic and other sanctions against Russia in response to the invasion of 
Ukraine. Examples of such sanctions include a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian 
companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs and a commitment by certain countries and 
the EU to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunications ("SWIFT"), the electronic banking network that connects banks globally. Many 
Western companies have also announced the cessation of their Russian businesses and/or their 
unwillingness to retain interests in Russian assets or to continue dealings with Russian or related 
counterparties, even where such action is not required by current sanction regimes. The scope and scale of 
such economic sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject to rapid and unpredictable 
change and may have considerable negative impacts on global macroeconomic conditions and on European 
economies and counterparties. Moreover, existing concerns about market volatility, rising commodity 
prices, disruptions to supply chains, high rates of inflation and the risk of regional or global recessions or 
"stagflation" (i.e., recession or reduced rates of economic growth coupled with high rates of inflation) have 
been exacerbated by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Any of the above factors may have a material adverse 
effect on the Norwegian economy, the DNB Group's customers and the DNB Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the war between Russia and Ukraine may last, or how severe 
its impacts may become. If the conflict is prolonged, escalates or expands (including if additional countries 
become involved), or if additional economic sanctions or other measures are imposed, or if volatility in 
commodity prices or disruptions to supply chains worsen, regional and global macroeconomic conditions 
and financial markets could be impacted more severely, which in turn could have a more severe effect on 
the Norwegian economy, the DNB Group's customers and the DNB Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Deteriorating trade relations or other geopolitical events, such as the conflict between Israel and Hamas, 
could result in volatility in oil prices and, in turn, negatively impact the global economy. This conflict, 
which began in October 2023, is ongoing and may spread further into the region which could affect trade 
flows via the Suez Canal, which account for 10-15 per cent. of global trade flows, as well as energy prices 
generally. 
In turn, sluggish global growth and declining world trade could have a dampening impact on Norwegian 
export industries and the Norwegian shipping industry. 
As a result of the various global macroeconomic trends, such as recession or reduced rates of growth, the 
DNB Group may experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs, decreased liquidity, 
decreased access to the wholesale funding markets, decreased asset values, additional credit impairment 
losses and lower profitability and revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
11/86235560_3 
16 
The consequences of the outbreak of COVID-19 (and possibly other contagious diseases) have had, 
and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the DNB Group.  
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, had a significant adverse impact on global 
macroeconomic conditions, financial and commodities markets and the economic environments in which 
the DNB Group operates, including in Norway, throughout 2020, 2021 and parts of early 2022. Global 
GDP contracted in 2020 in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19. See 
"—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Significant 
Factors Affecting the DNB Group's Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Macroeconomic 
conditions" for further discussion on the historical impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the DNB Group's 
financial condition.  
If the COVID-19 pandemic worsens again, or there are further significant outbreaks of the pandemic, or 
other diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, this could have a further adverse impact on the global 
economy, the Norwegian economy and/or the DNB Group's business, results of operations and/or 
prospects. Impacts to the DNB Group could include: (i) volatility in the financial markets in which it 
operates (which has, in the past, had adverse effects on consumer confidence and consumption levels, both 
in industrial and retail segments in the countries in which the DNB Group operates); (ii) volatility in oil and 
gas prices; (iii) impacts to the operations of the DNB Group's counterparties, who may as a result default 
on their obligations due to the DNB Group (such as repayments); and (iv) impacts to the DNB Group's 
ability to conduct its business. As a result of the foregoing factors, further outbreaks and/or mutations of 
the COVID-19 virus and/or outbreaks of any other contagious diseases, including consequences of 
government actions intended to counter the effects of such outbreaks, may have a material adverse effect 
on the DNB Group's business, loan portfolio, financial condition (including capital and liquidity), results 
of operations and prospects.   
The DNB Group's customers are affected by developments in trading partner nations. 
Although Norway is not a member of the EU, economic developments within the EU significantly affect 
Norway and the DNB Group as the EU is one of Norway's principal trading partners and Norway is a 
member of the broader EEA. Economic conditions in the EU were materially adversely affected by the 
COVID-19 pandemic during 2020 and 2021 and have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by 
the macroeconomic consequences from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and related economic sanctions. 
In addition, EU member states and public finances in Europe face many challenges, including those related 
to demographic and political trends.  
Adverse economic developments have affected the DNB Group's business in a number of ways, and such 
developments may continue to affect, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, businesses and/or 
financial condition of the DNB Group's customers, which, in turn, could reduce the credit quality of the 
DNB Group's loan (including mortgage loan) portfolio and demand for the DNB Group's financial products 
and services. See "—Risks Related to the DNB Group's Loan Portfolio—The DNB Group is exposed to the 
risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting in impairments".  
Any or all of the conditions described above may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the DNB Group might 
not be adequate to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. 
Risks Related to the DNB Group's Loan Portfolio. 
The DNB Group's business is significantly affected by credit risk. 
The DNB Group is subject to credit risk, or the risk that the DNB Group's borrowers and other 
counterparties are unable to fulfil their payment obligations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the 
DNB Group's borrowers or counterparties or a general deterioration in Norwegian, U.S., European or global

--- Page 27 ---
11/86235560_3 
17 
economic conditions, or adverse changes arising from systemic risk in the global financial system, could 
affect the recoverability and value of the DNB Group's assets and require an increase in the DNB Group's 
impairments. Any significant increase in the DNB Group's credit risk may have a material adverse effect 
on its results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of material deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio 
and resulting impairments.  
The DNB Group recognises impairments of its loans and guarantees in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"); however, the impairments made are based on available 
information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurance that 
they will be sufficient to cover the amount of actual losses as they occur. For the year ended 31 December 
2023, the DNB Group recorded NOK 2,649 million in net impairment provisions, as compared to net 
reversals of impairments of NOK 272 million in the year ended 31 December 2022. The 2023 impairment 
provisions in the personal customers segment were observed in stage three, mainly within consumer 
finance, offset by net reversals within stage two. The impairment provisions for the corporate industry 
segments were observed in all three stages, and included impairments related to a legacy portfolio in Poland 
and to negative development for specific customers within various industry segments. The stage three 
impairment provisions were partly offset by successful restructurings in offshore-related industries. 
Further, actual loan losses and losses on other commitments vary over the business cycle. A significant 
increase in the size of the DNB Group's impairments, or write-offs of loans and guarantees not covered by 
impairments, would have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Commercial real estate  
For the three months ended 31 March 2024, the DNB Group's loans and commitments within commercial 
real estate represented 10.2 per cent. of total exposure at default. Net impairment provisions amounted to 
NOK 241 million in this segment for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to net impairment 
provisions of NOK 212 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. There were increased impairment 
provisions in all three stages primarily driven by increased uncertainty in the macroeconomic forecasts. Net 
reversals of impairment provisions amounted to NOK 64 million in this segment for the three months ended 
31 March 2024, compared to net reversals of NOK 45 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023. 
 
The low interest rate environment in the aftermath of the global financial crisis, and particularly during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, resulted in somewhat compressed yields in commercial real estate assets. Norges 
Bank increased interest rates from 0 per cent. in March 2020 to 4.5 per cent. at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. See "—–Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the markets in which 
the DNB Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Group's business and results of operations and are 
likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur". This development has led to widening yields 
for commercial real estate assets. As uncertainty persists, sellers' and buyers' demands differ, resulting in 
decreased transaction volumes in the commercial real estate markets. This development is likely to continue. 
Lower investment volumes could lead to increased exit risk for commercial real estate investors and banks. 
Furthermore, increased interest rates may lead to lower debt service capacity of financed properties, higher 
refinancing risks and consequently increased credit spreads. At the same time, refinancing costs have 
increased for banks, adding further pressure on refinancing costs for real estate investors, both of which 
may lead to continuous negative cost effects. This could lead to significant reductions in market values of 
real estate assets and consequently negative impacts on their credit quality. This could, in turn, lead to an 
increase in impairments on losses experienced by the DNB Group on its commercial real estate loan 
portfolio. 
Oil-related exposures 
As at 31 March 2024, the DNB Group's oil, gas and offshore portfolios together represented approximately 
3.0 per cent. of total exposure at default (excluding credit institutions). The oil, gas and offshore industry

--- Page 28 ---
11/86235560_3 
18 
segment saw net reversals of impairment provisions of NOK 905 million for the year ended 31 December 
2023, compared to net reversals of impairment provisions of NOK 1,558 million for the year ended 31 
December 2022. Net impairment provisions amounted to NOK 14 million in this segment for the three 
months ended 31 March 2024, compared to net reversals of NOK 515 million for the three months ended 
31 March 2023. Oil prices were volatile in 2021, 2022 and 2023, driven by uncertain supply dynamics 
between members of OPEC and certain non-OPEC oil-producing countries, the decrease in global demand 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. See "—
The DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine and other geopolitical risks" above. Increasing oil and gas prices, combined 
with improved macroeconomic prospects throughout 2021, enabled restructuring for customers and the 
reversal of impairment provisions. While crude oil prices increased in the first quarter of 2022 and remained 
high in the second quarter of 2022 due to OPEC production agreements, economic recovery and the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine they declined in the second and third quarters of 2022. Although oil prices 
decreased in the first half of 2023 due to weaker global economic growth, they have increased in the second 
half of 2023 because of expectations of reduced supply, triggered by the decision of Saudi Arabia and 
Russia in early September 2023 to extend voluntary production cuts of a combined 1.3 million barrels per 
day until the end of 2023. In 2024, escalating geopolitical tension in the Middle East, combined with 
confirmed extension of the voluntary OPEC+ cuts which were due to end in the second quarter of 2024, 
have kept the Brent oil price above U.S.$80 per barrel. However, continued strong non-OPEC oil supply 
growth combined with softening oil demand growth makes it necessary for OPEC to maintain production 
cuts in order to keep oil prices at their current level. There can be no assurance that prices will not decrease 
further or remain volatile, particularly if production output levels are further modified or demand decreases. 
Developments in oil prices will continue to impact the oil-related industry, and reduced oil prices (and 
forecasts) could result in a material adverse effect on the cash flows of the companies operating in this 
industry, leading to a potentially significant impact on oil, gas and offshore companies' profitability, and 
consequently on their respective credit quality. This could, in turn, lead to an increase in impairments on 
losses experienced by the DNB Group on its oil-related loan portfolio.  
Personal customers, including mortgage lending 
A substantial part of the DNB Group's exposure at default relates to mortgage lending to personal 
customers. Exposure at default for loans and financial commitments to personal customers represented 49.3 
per cent. of total exposure at default as of 31 March 2024 (of which 44.1 per cent. of total exposure at 
default represents mortgage loans). The personal customers industry segment saw impairment provisions 
of NOK 276 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to impairment provisions of NOK 
413 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. The impairment provisions were observed in stage three, 
partly offset by net reversals within stage two. Impairment provisions for the year were mainly within 
consumer finance. Net impairment provisions amounted to NOK 111 million in this segment for the three 
months ended 31 March 2024, compared to net impairment provisions of NOK 70 million for the three 
months ended 31 March 2023. 
Housing prices have declined by 0.4 per cent. from an all-time high in May 2023. See "—Risks Related to 
Macroeconomic Conditions—Housing sector". Norges Bank estimates that housing prices will increase by 
2.9 per cent. in 2024, 6.2 per cent. in 2025 and 7.7 per cent. in 2026 (Source: Norges Bank, 20 March 2024). 
These estimates are, however, uncertain. A decline in the value of retail real estate, whether as a result of 
developments in the broader economy and/or a reduction in the availability of credit or otherwise, could 
reduce the value of the collateral for these loans significantly and, if accompanied by weakened economic 
conditions and/or higher unemployment, could have a material adverse effect on the quality of the DNB 
Group's retail real estate loans. Further, a general decline in the Norwegian economy could result in 
bankruptcies and lay-offs, which, in turn, could lead to a material increase in impairments recorded by the 
DNB Group on its loan portfolio within this sector. See "Selected Statistical Data."

--- Page 29 ---
11/86235560_3 
19 
The shipping industry 
As of 31 March 2024, loans to customers in the shipping sector represented approximately 1.8 per cent. of 
total exposure at default for the DNB Group. The shipping industry segment saw net reversals of 
impairment provisions of NOK 1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to net reversals 
of impairment provisions of NOK 64 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Net reversals of 
impairment provisions amounted to NOK 7 million in this segment for the three months ended 31 March 
2024, compared to impairment provisions of NOK 4 million for the three months ended 31 March 2023.The 
DNB Group is a leading arranger of finance as well as a supplier of credit to the shipping industry. The 
shipping industry is driven, among other things, by world economic growth and growth in international 
trade. A downturn in the global economy has historically negatively impacted world trade, and this, in turn, 
resulted in a decrease in freight volumes and rates in the shipping industry, and a corresponding decrease 
in the revenues and values that serve as collateral for lenders in the shipping industry. Any of these adverse 
effects could have a significant impact on shipping companies' profitability and consequently on their credit 
quality, and, as a result, lead to an increase in impairments and losses experienced by the DNB Group on 
its loan portfolio within this sector. Though the DNB Group bases its internal credit analysis of the shipping 
industry on conservative expected rate estimates, actual rates for the DNB Group's shipping segments have 
historically been volatile and could be lower than expected. Due to the nature of the supply side the shipping 
sector is generally cyclical and consists of several sub-segments, currently at different places in the cycle.  
Counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate customers. Many of these transactions expose the DNB Group to the risk that its counterparty in 
a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract will default on its 
obligations prior to maturity when the DNB Group has an outstanding claim against that counterparty.  
Towards the end of 2021, energy markets experienced significant volatility, followed by further disruption 
due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Commodity markets remained extremely volatile through 2022, which 
had a particularly strong impact on gas prices. This led to fluctuations in the Bank's derivative exposure 
throughout the year. As clients who are involved in energy production hedge parts of their production 
against falling prices, their hedge contracts increase in value, from the Bank's point of view, when the price 
increases, thus increasing the exposure at default. Further, in the spring of 2023, the banking sector in the 
United States and globally came under pressure following the bank failures of certain regional banks in the 
United States and the takeover of Credit Suisse Group AG by UBS Group AG in a government-brokered 
transaction (and the losses incurred by Credit Suisse investors). 
Volatility in the financial sector or changes to the financial condition of financial services counterparties 
may have an adverse effect on the DNB Group. This counterparty risk may also be exacerbated when the 
collateral held by the DNB Group cannot be realised, or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the 
full amount of counterparty exposure. As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, 
including foreign exchange rate and derivative contracts, the DNB Group is also exposed to settlement risk 
and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by 
the counterparty or after the DNB Group has given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal 
amount or security, but before receipt of the corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. 
Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the transfer of money from a country other than the country where a 
borrower is domiciled, which is affected by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation 
in the relevant countries. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
11/86235560_3 
20 
The DNB Group is exposed to sectoral and individual borrower credit concentration risks. 
The DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain sectors, with the largest sector being personal 
customers (primarily residential mortgages), followed to a lesser extent by commercial real estate and oil, 
gas and offshore. In the event that any of these sectors experiences increasingly difficult business or 
operating conditions, it could have a material impact on the DNB Group's asset quality and results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects. See "—The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of material 
deterioration in the quality of its loan portfolio and resulting impairments."  
In addition, the DNB Group has significant credit exposure to certain individual borrowers. In the event 
that any of these borrowers' experiences increasingly difficult business or operating conditions, it could 
have a material impact on the DNB Group's results of operations.  
Risks Related to Market Exposure 
The DNB Group's business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates and to changes in the competitive 
environment affecting spreads on its lending and deposits. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads affect the DNB Group's lending and deposit 
spreads. The DNB Group is exposed to changes in the spread between the interest rates payable by it on 
deposits or its wholesale funding costs, and the interest rates that it charges on loans to customers and other 
banks. Although both the interest rates payable by DNB Group on deposits, as well as the interest rates that 
it is able to charge on loans to customers and credit institutions, are, in each case, mainly floating rates or 
swapped into floating rates, there is a risk that the DNB Group will not be able to re-price its floating rate 
assets and liabilities at the same time, giving rise to re-pricing gaps in the short or medium term. If 
applicable interest rates on deposits are close to zero, which was the case in recent years, it may not be 
possible in the future to offset in full or in part a decrease in interest rates on loans to customers by a 
corresponding decrease in interest rates on deposits and/or wholesale funding. 
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the DNB Group's control, including the fiscal 
and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political 
conditions. These conditions are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty as a result of the unwinding 
of governmental measures implemented to mitigate adverse economic and monetary effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic and tightening of monetary policies in response to increases in inflation rates in Norway, 
Europe and the U.S. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the key policy rate is at 4.50 per cent.  The most 
recent rate path from Norges Banks suggests that the policy rate is expected to remain at this level until the 
third quarter of 2024, whereafter it most likely will be gradually reduced in the last quarter of 2024, and 
further in 2025 and 2026 to about 3.0 per cent. (Source: Norges Bank, 14 December 2023). 
An increase in interest rates could reduce the demand for credit, as well as contribute to an increase in 
defaults by the DNB Group's customers. Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely 
affect the DNB Group through, among other things, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in 
competition in deposit-taking and lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or 
volatility in the interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or 
results of operations of the DNB Group.  
Although the DNB Group regularly measures and monitors these and other market risks, it is difficult to 
predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could have 
on the DNB Group's financial performance and results of operations. While the DNB Group undertakes 
hedging operations in order to reduce its exposure to interest rate risk, it does not hedge all its risk exposure 
and there can be no assurance that its hedging strategies will be successful. If the DNB Group is unable to 
adjust the interest rate payable on deposits in line with the changes in market interest rates receivable by it 
on loans, or if the DNB Group's monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately the interest rate

--- Page 31 ---
11/86235560_3 
21 
risk, its interest income could rise less or decline more than its interest expense, in which case the DNB 
Group's results of operations, financial condition or prospects could be negatively affected. 
The DNB Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk and the risk of devaluation or depreciation 
of any of the currencies in which it operates. 
Changes in exchange rates, particularly in the NOK/USD and NOK/EUR exchange rates, affect the value 
of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, and may affect income from foreign exchange 
lending and trading. 
The DNB Group's reporting currency is the Norwegian kroner. However, a substantial portion of its assets 
and liabilities are denominated in currencies other than the Norwegian kroner, giving rise to translation 
risk. Balance sheet items, including monetary assets and liabilities, of foreign branches and subsidiaries in 
currencies other than the NOK are translated into the Norwegian kroner according to exchange rates 
prevailing on the balance sheet date, while profit and loss items are translated according to exchange rates 
on the transaction date. Changes in net assets resulting from exchange rate movements are recognised in 
the income statement. A devaluation or depreciation of any such other currency in which the DNB Group 
operates, or in which it has credit exposures, may result in significant losses for the DNB Group. In addition, 
a depreciation of the NOK against other currencies in which loans are made to customers would result in 
an increase in the DNB Group's loan portfolio, which would result in an increase in risk-weighted assets 
and have a negative impact on capital ratios. The DNB Group seeks to hedge foreign exchange risk by 
trying to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them. However, there 
can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be effective in part or in full, and hedge counterparties 
are subject to credit risk. For example, in 2023, the positive impact of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 
Capital totalled NOK 332 million, compared with positive effects of exchange rates on additional Tier 1 
Capital totalling NOK 794 million for 2022. 
In 2023, the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 10.5647 and 11.4206, respectively. In 2022, 
the average USD/NOK rate and EUR/NOK rate was 9.6245 and 10.140, respectively. The end of year 
USD/NOK rate was 8.8194 for 2021, 9.8573 for 2022 and 10.1724 for 2023. The end of year EUR/NOK 
rate was 10.0085 for 2021, 10.5138 for 2022 and 11.2405 for 2023. So far in 2024, the NOK has weakened 
further, and as of 17 April 2024, the USD/NOK rate was 10.9945 and the EUR/NOK rate was 11.696. 
The DNB Group is exposed to market risk. 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity 
and equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in profits due to volatility in market prices or 
exchange rates. Market risk occurs in several segments of the Bank and includes both risk which arises 
through ordinary trading activities, and risks that arise as part of banking activities and other business 
operations.  
The most significant market risk factors are interest rate risk, credit spread risk arising in the bond portfolios 
and basis swap spread risk from the hedging of currency risk in connection with funding in foreign 
currencies. The fair value of financial instruments held by the DNB Group, including bonds (government, 
corporate and mortgage), equities, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and 
credit funds, commodities and derivatives (including credit derivatives), is sensitive to volatility of, and 
correlations between, various market variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and 
foreign exchange rates. These variables may also be more volatile in times of market stress and concerns 
regarding the financial condition of financial services participants. To the extent that volatile market 
conditions occur, the fair value of the DNB Group's bond, equity and derivative portfolios, as well as other 
classes of assets, could decrease, and therefore cause the DNB Group to record mark-to-market losses. 
Future valuations of the assets for which the DNB Group has already recorded or estimated mark-to-market 
losses, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair 
values of these assets. Further, certain financial instruments are recorded at fair value, which is determined

--- Page 32 ---
11/86235560_3 
22 
by using financial models incorporating assumptions, judgements and estimations that are inherently 
uncertain and which may change over time or may ultimately be inaccurate. Any of these factors could 
require the DNB Group to recognise further mark-to-market losses, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because the 
DNB Group's trading and investment income depends to a great extent on the performance of financial 
markets, volatile market conditions could result in a significant decline in the DNB Group's trading and 
investment income, or result in a trading loss, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, due to continued illiquid markets for certain asset classes, the fair value of certain of the DNB 
Group's exposures could prove difficult to estimate. Valuations in future periods, reflecting then-prevailing 
market conditions, may result in significant changes in the fair values of the DNB Group's exposure, even 
in respect of exposures such as credit market exposures, for which the DNB Group has previously recorded 
valuation losses. In addition, the values of financial instruments are subject to uncertainty as they are based 
on estimates, assumptions and available information. As a result, estimates of fair value may differ 
materially, both from estimates made by other financial institutions and from the values that would have 
been used if a market for these assets had been readily available. Thus, the value ultimately realised by the 
DNB Group may be materially different from the current or estimated fair value. Any such difference could 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and/or liquidity of the DNB Group.  
The DNB Group uses fair value hedging to manage interest rate risk on long-term borrowings. In dislocated 
markets, hedging and other risk management strategies have proven not to be as effective as they are under 
normal market conditions due in part to the decreasing credit quality of hedge counterparties. Any 
deterioration in financial market conditions could lead to impairment charges and further mark-downs, and 
an illiquid market for financial instruments could cause spreads to widen, adversely affecting the pricing of 
financial instruments. 
The DNB Group has implemented risk management methods to mitigate and control these and other market 
risks to which it is exposed and exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult 
to predict changes in economic or market conditions and to anticipate the effects that such changes could 
have on the DNB Group's financial performance and business operations. 
Risks Related to Liquidity and Funding 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the DNB Group's operations; this risk may be exacerbated by current 
conditions in the global financial markets. 
The DNB Group is dependent on access to sufficient liquidity on acceptable terms in order to be able to 
meet its obligations as they fall due. This liquidity risk is inherent in banking operations and can be 
heightened by a number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on wholesale funding, 
changes in credit ratings and market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation or market volatility 
generally, monetary policy actions by central banks and volatility in interest rates, credit spreads and/or 
currency exchange rates. For example, turmoil in some parts of the banking sector in the first quarter of 
2023 resulted in a significant negative shift in market conditions in March 2023. The markets subsequently 
recovered and showed marginally better developments towards mid-2023. The market sentiment in the 
second quarter was to some extent characterised by the negotiations surrounding the raising of the debt 
ceiling in the U.S. In the third quarter of 2023, developments remained relatively flat. The fourth quarter 
of 2023 started with a weaker risk sentiment, but improved towards the end of the fourth quarter, due to 
lower inflation figures and relatively favourable macro figures. The improvement in risk sentiment led to a 
reduction in credit risk premiums towards the end of 2023. 
The DNB Group is dependent on sufficient funding in order to carry out its lending business. The Bank's 
funding requirements are, as for most commercial banks, largely covered through customer deposits. The 
DNB Group's ratio of deposits to net loans (based on personal and corporate customer segments and

--- Page 33 ---
11/86235560_3 
23 
excluding eliminations) was 77.3 per cent. at 31 March 2024, compared to 74.9 per cent. at 31 December 
2023, 75.1 per cent. at 31 December 2022 and 74.2 per cent. at 31 December 2021. Deposits are subject to 
fluctuation due to certain factors outside the DNB Group's control, such as competitive pressures, loss of 
customer confidence, depositors' concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial services industry 
or the DNB Group specifically, ratings downgrades, further deterioration in economic conditions and the 
existence and extent of deposit guarantees which, under Norwegian law, currently apply to deposits up to 
NOK 2 million. The Norwegian government has stated that it will try to maintain the limit of NOK 2 million 
and is still in discussions with the EU in this regard. Any future decrease in the deposit guarantee limit, 
following these discussions, may have an adverse effect on the availability of deposits in the Norwegian 
banking sector, including for the Bank. Any of these factors on their own or in combination could lead to a 
reduction in the DNB Group's ability to access customer deposit funding on acceptable terms in the future 
and to sustained deposit outflows within a short period of time, both of which would have a negative impact 
on the DNB Group's ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements. In addition, 
any uncertainty regarding the DNB Group's financial position may lead to withdrawals of deposits, resulting 
in a funding deficit for the DNB Group.  
A substantial part of the DNB Group's liquidity and funding requirements is also met through ongoing 
access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as 
covered bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained 
during periods of reduced liquidity. Even a perception among market participants that a financial institution 
is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage to the institution. Central banks in 
Europe, including in Norway, and in North America tightened monetary policy in 2022 and 2023, reversing 
markedly from the accommodative monetary policies observed in 2020 and 2021. On 14 December 2023, 
Norges Bank increased the policy rate from 4.25 per cent. to 4.5 per cent. and stated the policy rate will 
likely be kept at that level for some time ahead. There can be no assurance that such monetary policies will 
not have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's access to wholesale lending markets or the pricing 
of such funding. 
The DNB Group's liquidity could also be impaired by an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, 
other outflows of cash or deterioration in the value of its collateral. These situations may arise due to 
circumstances that the DNB Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss 
in confidence in financial markets, uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market 
participants, credit rating downgrades or operational problems that affect third parties. Although the DNB 
Group expends significant effort in liquidity risk management and focuses on maintaining liquidity surplus 
in the short term, the DNB Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure 
that the procedures in place to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity risk.  
Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the DNB Group's liquidity, 
its ability to access capital and liquidity on acceptable financial terms and the willingness of certain 
counterparties and customers to do business with the DNB Group, and the inability of the DNB Group to 
anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its 
credit ratings.  
The DNB Group's credit ratings are important to its business. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
DNB Group is rated "Aa2" (positive outlook) by Moody's and "AA-" (stable outlook) by S&P.  
The DNB Group's business is also significantly affected by the credit rating of DNB Boligkreditt AS 
("Boligkreditt"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Boligkreditt's outstanding covered bonds were 
rated "Aaa" by Moody's and "AAA" by S&P. There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will not 
downgrade the ratings of the Bank or the ratings of the Bank's or Boligkreditt's debt instruments (including 
the Programme and Notes issued under the Program) either as a result of the DNB Group's or Boligkreditt's

--- Page 34 ---
11/86235560_3 
24 
financial position or changes to applicable rating methodologies used by Moody's and S&P and any other 
relevant rating agency. A rating agency's evaluation of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt may also be based 
on a number of factors not entirely within the control of the DNB Group or Boligkreditt, such as conditions 
affecting the financial services industry generally. Any reduction in the Bank's credit ratings or the ratings 
of its or Boligkreditt's debt instruments, including on an unsolicited basis, could adversely affect the DNB 
Group's liquidity and competitive position, undermine confidence in the DNB Group, increase its 
borrowing costs, limit its access to the capital markets, or limit the range of counterparties willing to enter 
into transactions with it. Such development could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
Other Risks Related to the DNB Group's Business 
The DNB Group is exposed to systemic risk. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the DNB Group is, and will continue 
to be, subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, 
of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could 
lead to defaults by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant 
liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness 
of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other 
relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may lead 
to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the DNB Group or by other institutions. This 
risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as 
clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the DNB Group 
interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's ability to 
raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.  
The DNB Group is exposed to operational risks, including network interruptions and other failures 
or inadequacies in risk management and internal control procedures. 
The DNB Group's business is dependent on its ability to process a very large number of transactions 
efficiently and accurately. Operations are carried out through a number of entities and also through internet 
banking platforms. Internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its customers shift 
away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile banking. Increased 
digitalisation increases the risk of operational disruptions and cybercrime, which can pose a threat to 
financial stability.  
Operational risks and losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, increasing regulatory 
scrutiny, costs and direct and indirect financial losses and/or impairments, can result from a variety of 
causes, including inadequacies or failures in internal processes, systems (e.g., information technology 
systems) or licences from external suppliers; fraud or other criminal actions, including identity fraud; 
employee errors; failure of outsourced services; failure to properly document transactions or agreements 
with customers, vendors, sub-contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or failure to obtain 
or maintain proper authorisation; customer complaints; failure to comply with regulatory requirements, 
including but not limited to anti-money laundering, data protection and antitrust regulations, or conduct of 
business rules; equipment failures; failure to protect the DNB Group's assets, including intellectual property 
rights and collateral; natural disasters or the failure of external systems, including those of the DNB Group's 
suppliers or counterparties; and failure to fulfil the DNB Group's obligations, contractual or otherwise. See 
"—Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates—The DNB 
Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions violations, 
especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort" and "—Legal and regulatory claims arise in 
the conduct of the DNB Group's business" for further detail on these risks. In particular, the DNB Group 
and its customers have recently been, and may continue to be, affected by a number of serious network

--- Page 35 ---
11/86235560_3 
25 
problems, including interruptions in network availability, which have adversely affected certain of the DNB 
Group's internet and mobile banking functions, resulting in intermittent service interruptions and adverse 
media coverage. See also "—The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, 
which may fail, may not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available" for further detail 
on these risks. 
Although the DNB Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation precautions to address the 
above-mentioned risks, among others, and substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient 
procedures and to staff training, it is not possible to implement procedures which are fully effective in 
controlling operational risks. Some of the risk mitigating measures that the DNB Group uses are based on 
historical information and its current policies may not comprehensively address the full impact of the global 
financial crisis or other unforeseen circumstances. As future developments may significantly differ from 
observed historical developments, there is a risk that such measures will be inadequate in predicting future 
risk exposure. Furthermore, risk management methods rely on estimates, assumptions and available 
information that may be incorrect or outdated. Any failure to successfully execute the DNB Group's 
operational risk management and control policies could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The DNB Group is exposed to adverse developments in the global banking sector and global capital 
and financial markets. 
Recent adverse developments affecting the banking industry globally, including the failures of Silicon 
Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank in the United States and the forced sale in 
Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and the related write-down of its additional tier 1 capital 
instruments, have resulted in significant volatility in the financial markets. There can be no assurance that 
the banking industry will not be subject to further strain, particularly given that inflation rates remain high, 
economic activity remains somewhat muted and major global central banks are continuing their tightening 
policies. These types of volatile conditions in the global financial markets could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group, including on the DNB Group's ability to access capital and liquidity on financial 
terms acceptable to the DNB Group, if at all. If capital markets financing ceases to become available, or 
becomes excessively expensive, the DNB Group may be forced to raise the rates it pays on deposits to 
attract more customers and become unable to maintain certain liability maturities. Any such increase in 
capital markets funding availability or costs or in deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
DNB Group's interest margins and liquidity and may also impact the DNB Group's ability to retain deposits. 
In addition, changes in investor and customer confidence can affect the DNB Group's ability to access 
capital and liquidity. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect the 
DNB Group's liquidity, its ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and the 
willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the DNB Group, and the inability 
of the DNB Group to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
The DNB Group is increasingly dependent on information technology systems, which may fail, may 
not be adequate to the tasks at hand or may no longer be available. 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on highly sophisticated information and 
communication technology ("ICT") systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank 
branches and towards greater reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications 
on smartphones. As noted above, internet banking is increasingly important to the DNB Group, as its 
customers shift away from branch operations and toward internet banking platforms, including mobile 
banking. ICT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, 
interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and 
computer viruses. Incidents of instability of ICT systems or network unavailability could have an adverse

--- Page 36 ---
11/86235560_3 
26 
effect on the DNB Group's business. In addition, harmonising ICT systems across the DNB Group to create 
a consistent ICT architecture poses significant challenges. 
ICT systems need regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements 
and to keep pace with possible expansion into new markets and the greater use, development and reliance 
on information and communication technology more broadly. The DNB Group could face situations where 
it is not able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as 
planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical 
issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the DNB Group could face 
fines from bank regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations.  
The DNB Group maintains back-up systems for its operations that are stored at a secondary data centre. 
However, there are limited scenarios, for example in the event of a major catastrophe resulting in the failure 
of its information systems which could result in a loss of data. 
The DNB Group is reliant on its outsourcing contracts for the maintenance and operation of its ICT systems. 
Should these companies become unwilling or unable to fulfil their obligations under the relevant 
outsourcing contract, the DNB Group could find the effective functioning of its ICT systems compromised. 
In particular, the DNB Group and its customers have been, and may in the future become, affected by 
network problems, which relate to third-party suppliers, and which have affected and might affect in the 
future certain of the DNB Group's internet banking and cash machine functions, resulting in service 
interruptions and adverse media coverage. A major disruption to the DNB Group's ICT systems, whether 
under the scenarios outlined above or under other scenarios, could have a material adverse effect on the 
normal operation of the DNB Group's business and thus on its financial condition and results of operations. 
Cybercrime. 
Similar to all major financial institutions, the DNB Group's activities have been, and are expected to 
continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks, phishing, 
ransomware attacks, denial of service attacks and other forms of cybercrime, the nature of which are 
continually evolving. Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the DNB Group's internet bank users and 
include potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet 
bank credentials as well as account and credit card information. The DNB Group has made investments to 
address threats from cyber-attacks; however, there can be no assurance that these investments will be 
successful in part or in full, or without significant additional expenditures.  Given the increasing 
sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attacks, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant 
breaches of security. Any such breaches may expose the DNB Group to significant legal as well as 
reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. If one or more of such events occur, any one of them potentially could 
jeopardise the confidential and other information of the DNB Group, its clients or its counterparties. The 
DNB Group may be required to spend significant additional resources to modify its protective measures or 
to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. It may also be subject to litigation and 
financial losses as well as reputation risks that are either not insured against or not fully covered through 
any insurance maintained by the Bank. The occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely 
affect the DNB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could 
have a negative effect on the DNB Group's business. 
The DNB Group faces intense competition in all of its areas of operation (including, among others, 
corporate and retail banking, investment banking and real estate brokering), both in Norway and the 
international markets in which it operates. Competition for customer lending and deposits is affected by 
customer demand, technological changes, the impact of consolidation in the banking industry, regulatory

--- Page 37 ---
11/86235560_3 
27 
actions and other factors. The DNB Group's competitors are principally commercial banks, savings banks 
and investment banks and include, among others, Nordea, SEB, Danske Bank, Svenska Handelsbanken and 
various Norwegian saving banks. Remaining competitive is also dependent on the DNB Group's ability to 
anticipate and respond to rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards, and to allocate 
resources to the development of products and services that can be successfully marketed to customers. 
There can be no guarantee that the DNB Group will be able to anticipate and respond to technological 
changes or to successfully introduce new products and services in line with on-going market trends and 
customer demands. The recurrence of a financial crisis could introduce additional competitive challenges, 
as during such crises many national governments seek to provide support in a variety of forms to banks 
organised in their jurisdictions. Depending on the level of government support and the financial strength of 
the banks in question, this support could strengthen the competitive position of these banks and intensify 
the competition faced by the DNB Group. Competition has further increased with the emergence of 
additional distribution channels, such as internet and mobile telephone banking, digital banking, payment 
platforms and payment products.  
If the DNB Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings and successfully respond 
to technological developments, it may fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, 
experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market share, the 
occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. Although the DNB Group believes that it is in a strong position to continue to compete 
in the markets in which it operates, there can be no assurance that it will be able to continue to do so. 
The DNB Group could fail to attract or retain suitably qualified senior management or other key 
employees. 
The DNB Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the DNB Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy 
depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition 
from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from 
businesses outside the financial services industry, for key employees is intense. Competition for qualified 
employees may continue or increase due to an ageing workforce. Any loss of the services of key employees, 
particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future or the 
need to replace any senior management as a result of failures or perceived failures in management of the 
DNB Group could have an adverse effect on the DNB Group's business. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are exposed to significant risks, many of which are 
outside of DNB Livsforsikring's and the DNB Group's control. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary 
DNB Livsforsikring. DNB Livsforsikring offers life and pension insurance, unit-linked insurance and non-
life insurance. 
The business operations of DNB Livsforsikring are subject to financial risks and insurance risks, as well as 
general operational risks and business risks. Financial risk is the risk that the return on financial assets will 
not be sufficient to meet DNB Livsforsikring's contractual obligations. Insurance risk relates to changes in 
future insurance payments, mainly due to changes in life expectancy and disability rates. 
The insurance risk in DNB Livsforsikring is in varying degrees divided between policyholders and the 
company. Insurance risk arises when empirical data for mortality, disability and lapse risk deviate from the 
assumptions underlying the calculation base for insurance premiums and provisions. When these 
assumptions overstate DNB Livsforsikring's contractual obligations, thereby generating a surplus, part of 
the surplus can be allocated to DNB Livsforsikring's risk equalisation fund. The risk equalisation fund 
cannot exceed 150 per cent. of DNB Livsforsikring's total risk premiums for each fiscal year. When these 
assumptions understate DNB Livsforsikring's contractual obligations, thereby generating a deficit, the risk

--- Page 38 ---
11/86235560_3 
28 
equalisation fund can be used. The risk equalisation fund does not apply to insurance contracts with a 
maximum term of one year, disability pensions and dependant's pensions with no accrued entitlement or 
individual contracts sold prior to 1 January 2008. 
DNB Livsforsikring carries the risk of fulfilling its commitments in contracts with policyholders. Technical 
provisions related to guaranteed benefits have annuities with a fixed technical rate. The return on assets 
backing liabilities must be sufficient to meet the technical rate on a yearly basis. Otherwise, inadequate 
returns will have to be covered by DNB Livsforsikring by applying unrealised gains funds, additional 
allocations, equity or subordinated loan capital. Measured in relation to customer funds, DNB 
Livsforsikring's average technical rate on annuities was 3.1 per cent. as at 31 March 2024. 
Unpredictable events, such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, industrial explosions, terrorist 
attacks, and other similar events, may cause an unexpected and substantial increase in insurance claims 
under policies written by DNB Livsforsikring which may, in turn, cause it to incur substantial losses.  
DNB Livsforsikring is exposed to the risk of a material decrease in the availability and amount of 
reinsurance and a material increase in the cost of reinsurance. Furthermore, DNB Livsforsikring is subject 
to counterparty risk in relation to its current and future reinsurers as the insolvency or inability of reinsurers 
to meet their financial obligations could have an adverse effect on DNB Livsforsikring's business, results 
of operations, financial condition or prospects. There is also a risk that DNB Livsforsikring's reinsurance 
agreements may not be renewed, or renewed at less favourable terms. 
Failure to maintain existing governmental licences, permissions and authorisations, or failure to obtain or 
renew any required licences, permissions and authorisations in the future, could result in DNB 
Livsforsikring not being able to conduct its business operations. Furthermore, the realisation of any of the 
foregoing risks and/or any disruption to the business operations of DNB Livsforsikring could materially 
adversely affect the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are exposed to significant risks. 
The DNB Group is subject to several risks related to the business operations of its wholly-owned subsidiary 
DNB Asset Management AS ("DNB Asset Management"). As of 31 March 2024, DNB Asset 
Management managed approximately EUR 87 billion in investment strategies, including discretionary 
mandates within Nordic and global asset classes, both long-only equities, long/short equities, investment 
grade and high-yield corporate bonds, multi-assets, multi-manager portfolios and alternative investments.  
The business operations of DNB Asset Management are subject to several risks, particularly financial risks 
and operational risks. There is a risk that the portfolio management services and the investment advisory 
services provided to DNB Asset Management's customers will not be successful, which could result in 
DNB Asset Management's customers losing all or parts of their initial investment. Such a scenario can 
result in financial losses, loss in reputation and potential litigation for DNB Asset Management. 
Furthermore, the funds operated by DNB Asset Management cover a wide range of sectors and markets 
which can be highly volatile, and any changes in international, national or local economic, political and 
other conditions may adversely affect its portfolio management services and investment advisory services. 
For more information, please see "—Negative economic developments and conditions in Norway and the 
markets in which the DNB Group operates may adversely affect the DNB Group's business and results of 
operations and are likely to continue to do so if those conditions persist or recur." 
DNB Asset Management's investments, all of which are made on behalf of securities funds and 
discretionary portfolios managed by DNB Asset Management, are subject to interest rate risk and currency 
risk. If the values of DNB Asset Management's fixed income securities vary inversely with changes in 
interest rates, DNB Asset Management's cash flow, the fair value of its investments and its operating results 
could decrease. In addition, currency risk could cause the value of DNB Asset Management's investments 
in currencies other than NOK to decrease, regardless of the inherent value of the underlying investments.

--- Page 39 ---
11/86235560_3 
29 
The utilisation of hedging and risk management transactions may not be successful, which could subject 
DNB Asset Management's investment portfolio to increased risk or lower returns on its investments and in 
turn cause a decrease in the fair value of its assets. As stated above, all of DNB Asset Management's 
investments are made on behalf of securities funds and discretionary portfolios managed by DNB Asset 
Management. 
If any of DNB Asset Management's permits or licences expire or are withdrawn, such as its UCITS, AIFMD 
and MiFID II licences, DNB Asset Management may lose its ability to carry out its fund and portfolio 
management and investment advisory services which would likely have a material adverse effect on its 
business.  
Any misconduct by employees of DNB Asset Management, or at the companies in which DNB Asset 
Management has invested could harm DNB Asset Management by impairing its ability to attract and retain 
customers and subjecting it to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Further, any failure by DNB 
Asset Management to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in its portfolio management and 
investment advisory services could damage its reputation and adversely affect its business. 
The realisation of any of the foregoing risks and/or any disruption to the business operations of DNB Asset 
Management could materially adversely affect the DNB Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects. 
Risks related to climate change. 
The physical and transition risks of climate change are becoming ever more apparent and have the potential 
to pose a significant threat to the DNB Group's business as well as the DNB Group's customers, without a 
coordinated and timely response from governments and other stakeholders. 
Climate change, and businesses' response to the emerging threats, are under increasing scrutiny by 
governments, regulators, activists and the public alike. Physical climate risks arising from extreme weather 
events or chronic climate changes could impact the DNB Group's customers in the form of lower revenues 
due to supply chain disruption and other impacts that strain production and lower revenues and higher costs 
for its customers owing to physical plant impairment and workers' health, safety and other workforce-
related problems. These risks could also lead to damage to the DNB Group's customers' property or 
operations, which could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of customers leading to increased 
default rates, delinquencies, write-offs and impairment charges in the DNB Group's portfolios. In addition, 
the DNB Group's premises and resilience may also suffer physical damage due to weather-related events 
leading to increased costs for the DNB Group.  
The transition to a low-carbon economy may itself have a negative impact on the DNB Group's customers. 
For example, customers in high-emission sectors risk demands for rapid changes which may lead to 
stranded assets and pressure on business models and earnings potential. Transition risk can be further 
subdivided into: 
• 
Credit risks: credit exposure could increase if climate-related risk drivers reduce borrowers' ability 
to repay and service debt (income effect) or banks' ability to fully recover the value of a loan in 
the event of default (wealth effect). An increase in credit exposure could adversely affect the DNB 
Group’s asset quality, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
• 
Market risks: climate change could imply a reduction in financial asset values, including the 
potential to trigger large, sudden and negative price adjustments where climate risk is not yet 
incorporated into prices. Climate change could also lead to a breakdown in correlations between 
assets or a change in market liquidity for particular assets, undermining risk management 
assumptions. Such effects on market risk could adversely affect the DNB Group’s asset quality, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

--- Page 40 ---
11/86235560_3 
30 
• 
Liquidity risks: banks' access to stable sources of funding could be reduced as market conditions 
change. Climate-related risk drivers may cause banks' counterparties to draw-down deposits and 
credit lines, which could adversely affect the DNB Group’s asset quality, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
• 
Operational and regulatory risks: increasing legal and regulatory compliance risk associated with 
climate-sensitive investments and businesses. Increased legal and regulatory compliance risk 
could adversely affect the DNB Group’s asset quality, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
• 
Reputational risks: could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing 
attention and scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to 
climate change, which could adversely affect the DNB Group’s asset quality, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
The DNB Group classifies the following five industry groups as the most exposed to climate change risks: 
(i) commercial and residential property (ii) oil, gas and offshore, (iii) shipping, (iv) power and renewables 
and (v) building and construction.  
For commercial and residential property, the DNB Group considers both market risk and regulatory risks 
stemming from changes to requirements in building standards to be the main risks. With regard to the oil, 
gas and offshore industry, as well as the shipping industry, the DNB Group considers that regulatory risk, 
challenges stemming from the adoption of new technology, and market risk are the main risks. In the 
renewable energy sector, as well as in the building and construction industry, the DNB Group considers 
market risk and regulatory risk to be the main risks.  
Both transition risk and physical risk can have significant financial consequences, which can affect financial 
institutions, for example through loan defaults, decreased collateral values, credit impairments, investment 
losses and higher insurance settlements. In the short to medium term, transition risk is more significant than 
physical risk for the DNB Group. 
Further, governments and regulators may introduce increasingly stringent rules and policies designed to 
achieve targeted outcomes, which could increase compliance costs for the DNB Group, drive asset 
impairments and result in regulatory fines or other enforcement action if the DNB Group is unable to 
implement adequate reforms sufficiently quickly. Legislative or regulatory changes regarding how banks 
manage climate risk or otherwise affecting banking practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance 
and credit costs.  
The perception of climate change as a risk by society, shareholders, customers, governments and other 
stakeholders continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector's operations and strategy. 
This may result in increased scrutiny of the DNB Group's activities, including companies to which it lends. 
The DNB Group's reputation may be harmed if its efforts to reduce environmental and social risks are 
deemed to be insufficient. For example, the DNB Group's reputation may be adversely affected due to its 
financing of businesses that are perceived to adversely affect the environment, such as oil and gas 
companies. 
How the DNB Group assesses and responds to these developments and challenges could increase the DNB 
Group's costs of business, and a failure to identify and adapt the DNB Group's business to meet new rules 
or evolving expectations, or any perception that the DNB Group is under-performing relative to its peers 
or failing to meet the objectives under its sustainable strategy, could result in reputational damage and/or 
risk of legal claims.

--- Page 41 ---
11/86235560_3 
31 
The Issuer is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its 
reputation and business.  
The Issuer is subject to a variety of risks arising from environmental, social and governance matters or 
"ESG" matters. In recognition of such risks, the Issuer has taken a number of actions, including those 
intended to manage its carbon footprint, and has sought to engage in sustainable lending and investment 
activities, specifically including supporting renewable energy projects. However, the Issuer cannot 
guarantee the success of these actions, nor can it make any assurances that its regulators, investors or other 
third parties, such as environmental advocacy organisations, will find such initiatives to be sufficient. 
Further, the Issuer may be exposed to negative publicity based on the identity and activities of the Issuer's 
customers and business partners, and the public's view of their approach and performance with respect to 
ESG matters. This may have a negative impact on the Issuer's reputation, which, in turn, could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to attract and retain customers and employees and, therefore, an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
In addition, regulatory authorities, including the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority ("NFSA"), 
have been increasingly focusing on ESG matters and have communicated their expectations of larger 
financial institutions (such as the DNB Group) to measure, monitor and manage climate-related risk as part 
of their enterprise risk management processes. This increased focus may subject the Issuer to increased 
regulatory scrutiny and additional compliance costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Further, DNB Asset Management is also subject to ESG risks in relation to its fund and asset management 
activities, and any infringement of its obligations may adversely affect its reputation and business. 
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the DNB Group Operates 
The financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation, including capital adequacy 
regulation, and the regulatory framework is subject to change.  
The DNB Group's business is subject to ongoing regulatory and associated risks. The DNB Group is subject 
to financial services laws and regulation (including, but not limited to, those relating to capital adequacy, 
conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, reporting, and corporate 
governance), as well as administrative actions and policies in Norway and in each other jurisdiction in 
which the DNB Group carries on business. The NFSA is the DNB Group's primary regulator, although 
DNB Group is also subject to the supervision of regulators in each country where it has a subsidiary, branch 
and/or representative office. 
The DNB Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios, which are calculated in accordance 
with Basel III requirements, as implemented in Norwegian law and regulations. Any increase in the DNB 
Group's risk-weighted assets due to, among other things, a reduction in the internal credit ratings of 
borrowers, market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in foreign exchange rates, decreases in 
collateral values, or further deterioration in the economic environment, could reduce the DNB Group's 
capital adequacy ratios. If the DNB Group were to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios for 
any reason (including due to a change in the regulatory capital framework, as described below), it may have 
to reduce its lending or investments in the other operations segment, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the DNB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or prospects, or, in more 
severe circumstances, require the DNB Group to raise further capital. 
Changes in the supervision and regulation of financial institutions, particularly in Norway, could materially 
affect the DNB Group's business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Areas where 
changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, but are not 
limited to, (i) general changes in government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly 
influence investment decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordic markets and other

--- Page 42 ---
11/86235560_3 
32 
European markets, and such other markets where the DNB Group carries out its business, (ii) changes in 
the capital adequacy framework and imposition of onerous compliance obligations, (iii) changes in 
competition and pricing environments, (iv) differentiation among financial institutions by governments 
with respect to the extension of guarantees of customer deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, 
and (v) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to foreign 
ownership, producing legal uncertainty, which, in turn, may affect demand for the DNB Group's products 
and services.  
The Norwegian government and regulatory authorities may also impose measures on economic actors and 
financial institutions in Norway intended to address any future consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
or similar events which may limit the DNB Group's operations or impose obligations that could have an 
impact on its business and results of operations. For example, the authorities may re-impose restrictions on 
dividend distributions.  
Lending Regulation 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, 
together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending Regulation that will, 
unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The Lending Regulation contains the 
following key elements: 
• 
The interest stress test: A stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of three percentage points, with 
a floor of seven per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 2023 was for five percentage 
points (with no floor). 
• 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed five times their gross annual income. 
• 
Loan-to-value maximum of 85 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages, meaning 
that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. equity. 
• 
Loan-to-value needs to be below 60 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages without 
mandatory instalments (e.g. revolving loans). 
• 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, car and boat 
loans). 
• 
The regulation is only applicable to consumers. 
• 
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific thresholds (for 
mortgages, 10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter). 
Tighter regulation of lending practices by banks could lead to the provision of credit from new sources or 
in new forms that are not covered by the regulation, thus increasing competition in the mortgage market. 
Increased competition may cause the DNB Group to fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing 
customers, experience decreases in its interest income and fee and commission income, and/or lose market 
share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and result of operations. See "Risk Factors—Other Risks Related to the DNB Group's Business—
Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which the DNB Group operates could have a 
negative effect on the DNB Group's business".

--- Page 43 ---
11/86235560_3 
33 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Background 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and implemented by the EU through Directive (EU) No. 
2013/36 (the "CRD IV") and the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the "CRR"). For 
further information on capital requirements and possible consequences for breaches of these measures, see 
"Supervision and Regulation - Capital ". CRD IV and CRR were incorporated into the Agreement on the 
European Economic Area with effect from 1 January 2020. CRD IV is implemented into Norwegian 
legislation through the Norwegian financial institutions act of 10 April 2015 (the "Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act"), the regulations on financial institutions and financial groups of 9 December 2016 No. 
1502 ("Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation") and the Regulation on capital requirements and 
national adaptation of CRR/CRD IV of 22 August 2014 (the "Norwegian CRR/CRD IV Regulation"), 
with later amendmends. The CRR is made part of Norwegian legislation through the CRR/CRD IV 
Regulation Section 2. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements Pillar 1 Minimum Capital 
Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the CRR, banks must hold capital at 
least equal to 8 per cent. of their risk exposed assets ("REAs"), within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be 
common equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital. 
In addition, the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Norwegian CRR/CRD IV Regulation imposes 
various capital buffer requirements which must be met by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting 
of common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of 
(i) a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of REAs, (ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per cent. of REAs (on 
Norwegian exposures as further described below), and (iii) a counter-cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of 
REAs (on Norwegian exposures as further described below). In addition, financial institutions (including 
the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically 
important must also comply with a buffer for systemically important financial institutions of 2 per cent. of 
REAs in order to mitigate systemic risk.  
The DNB Group's effective systemic risk and counter-cyclical buffer rates are calculated as the weighted 
average of the buffer rates for the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several 
countries in which the DNB Group has exposures have either set the requirement lower than the buffers in 
Norway or have not imposed any such requirement, the DNB Group's effective systemic risk and counter-
cyclical buffer rate requirements were approximately 3.2 per cent. and 2.2 per cent., respectively, as of 31 
March 2024. The buffer requirements may change over time, including as discussed further in the section 
titled "Supervision and Regulation". Implementation of any changes that impose more stringent 
requirements could lead to increased funding costs for the DNB Group.  
Pillar 2 requirements 
In accordance with CRD IV, the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act permits regulators to require the 
banks which they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred to as "Pillar 2" capital requirements. 
The NFSA's Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements and are expected to reflect 
institution-specific capital requirements relating to risks which are not covered or only partly covered by 
Pillar 1. Further to the NFSA's Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") for 2023, the NFSA 
announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirements for the Bank and the DNB Group had been 
set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2

--- Page 44 ---
11/86235560_3 
34 
requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. common equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital 
(corresponding to 56.25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement), approximately 0.4 per cent. additional 
tier 1 capital (corresponding to 18.75 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement) and approximately 0.5 
per cent. tier 2 capital (corresponding to 25 per cent. of the overall Pillar 2 requirement). Further, the NFSA 
also advised that the Bank and the DNB Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer ("Pillar 
2 Guidance") of not less than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital requirement. 
The updated Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 Guidance have applied since 31 December 2023. 
Future stricter Pillar 2 requirements will require the DNB Group to hold additional capital, which may have 
an adverse effect on its results or operations or financial condition. 
CRR 3/CRD 6 
On 6 December 2023, the EU approved the agreement on the implementation of the Basel IV 
recommendations in the EU. The regulatory changes include a new standardised approach for calculating 
capital requirements for credit risk, new restrictions on the use of internal models (including a new capital 
requirement floor, new input floors on loss given default and not allowing advanced internal models for 
large corporates), a revision of the market risk framework, and new requirements for ESG risk assessments 
and enhanced supervision. 
The regulatory amendments for implementing Basel IV are set out in the CRR 3 and the CRD 6. This 
legislation has EEA relevance, and the Ministry of Finance's goal is that the new standardised approach and 
the other amendments in the CRR 3 will enter into force in Norway on the same date as in the EU, that is, 
from 1 January 2025, while the rules in the CRD 6 will apply from mid-2025. 
The Ministry of Finance gave the NFSA the task of preparing a consultation paper on the implementation 
of expected EEA rules corresponding to those set out in the CRR 3 and the CRD 6. The NFSA is also to 
assess the effects of the rules, and whether any options available to Norway, such as national regulatory 
measures, should be used and, if so, how. 
There can be no assurance that the proposals will be implemented in Norway or interpreted by the NFSA 
in a similar manner as in the EU, and stricter rules could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group. 
Bank winding-up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or "BRRD"), which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as amended or 
superseded from time to time, including (without limitation) by Directive (EU) 2019/879 ("BRRD 2"), 
entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant entities" being credit 
institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure 
the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact 
of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was incorporated into the 
Agreement on the European Economic Area, which entered into force on 1 January 1994, (the "EEA 
Agreement") on 1 January 2020. Legislation implementing the BRRD (in its original form) in Norway was 
passed by the Norwegian government in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019. Legislation 
implementing the BRRD 2 in Norway was passed by the Norwegian government on 11 June 2021 and 
entered into force on 1 June 2022. 
The BRRD was designed to provide resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing bank (or other in-scope institution). The resolution 
authorities have extensive powers under the BRRD (and local implementing legislation) to assist a failing 
bank, including through various resolution tools and powers. If any action were to be taken by the

--- Page 45 ---
11/86235560_3 
35 
Norwegian resolution authorities in respect of the Issuer or its group, such action could have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its payment or other obligations in respect of the Notes. 
As further described under "—Risks Related to the Notes—Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the 
Bank could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes, including in a manner which may result in 
Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security 
than the Notes" below, the resolution authorities have extensive powers under the BRRD (and local 
implementing legislation) to assist a failing bank, including through various resolution tools and powers. If 
any action were to be taken by the Norwegian resolution authorities in respect of the Issuer or its group, 
such action could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its payment or other 
obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities ("MREL") which would be available to be written down or 
bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect 
(subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the EU Council, sets forth 
draft regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by 
the NFSA. General rules for Norwegian MREL requirements are included in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act and the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation. 
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between instruments that (i) are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement, and (ii) may be bailed-in (which is a broader concept). For example, 
instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be bailed-in (but 
would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). The Notes issued could potentially be bailed-in, even 
if the Notes are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should, therefore, be aware that a broad range of debt 
instruments may be liable to be bailed-in and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in any 
Notes that are bailed-in. 
The DNB Group is, based on the CET1 requirement of 15.6 per cent. as per 31 March 2024 (not including 
Pillar 2 Guidance), required to hold total MREL capital equal to approximately 38 per cent. of REA 
(adjusted for REA stemming from DNB Boligkreditt AS as the covered bond entity). The total MREL 
subordination requirement is approximately 30 per cent. of adjusted REA. 
 Liquidity Requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRR includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR"). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has 
introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each significant currency. However, due to the limited 
size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, 
the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., with the difference being made up in additional 
U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result, and to ensure compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB 
Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which may have an adverse effect on their results of 
operations or financial condition. 
The Personal Data Act  
The Personal Data Act, which implements the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Norway, 
entered into force on 20 July 2018. The GDPR and its implementation has resulted in new demands on the 
DNB Group's operational processes, systems and resources as well as increased compliance costs related 
to the regulatory requirements. While the DNB Group continuously works to adapt its systems and 
processes to meet these regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such systems and processes

--- Page 46 ---
11/86235560_3 
36 
will prevent all breaches. Any such breaches may have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Breaches of the GDPR can cause significant 
reputational damage and could also lead to claims against companies and individuals for negligence and/or 
wrongful acts. In addition, the reputational damage could impact the DNB Group's ability to attract new 
customers, future investments and new employees. 
Governmental responses to market disruptions may be inadequate and may have unintended consequences. 
The DNB Group may be adversely affected by governmental responses to market disruptions (such as those 
disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and increases in interest rates in response to rising inflation 
caused by supply chain disruptions and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine) in the countries where it 
operates. As a result of the global financial crisis and subsequent government intervention, there has been, 
and there may continue to be, a substantial increase in governmental policy responses to market disruptions, 
including reductions in public spending and the imposition of fiscal austerity measures, and changes in 
monetary and interest rate policies.  
The DNB Group has no control over governmental policy changes or over changes in the interpretation of 
fiscal legislation by any tax authority. The measures taken by various European governments to stimulate 
the economy and/or support the banking system, including, among other things, bank bail-out plans and 
support to specific industry sectors, may, if enacted, lead to an increase in the tax burden or to a reduction 
in tax benefits. Significant changes in governmental policy responses in Norway, or in the other countries 
where the DNB Group operates, or difficulties in implementing such responses or with the type and 
effectiveness of the impact of such responses, may have a relevant adverse impact on the activity, financial 
situation and operating results of the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group is exposed to risks related to bribery, money laundering activities and sanctions 
violations, especially in its operations in emerging markets, and compliance with anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort. 
The DNB Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-
terrorist financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to, or used for, 
bribery or money laundering has increased worldwide. High employee turnover, difficulties in consistently 
implementing related policies and technology systems and the general business conditions mean that the 
risk of money laundering and other financial crimes is higher in emerging markets. Although these risks 
are higher in emerging markets than in Norway and other more developed markets, they may also arise in 
any of the markets in which the DNB Group operates. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering 
and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on the DNB Group and pose 
significant technical problems. Currently more than 500 people in the DNB Group are working to prevent 
financial crime but anti-money laundering efforts are a work in progress and the authorities' requirements 
and expectations have become more stringent. There can be no assurance that the DNB Group will, at all 
times, meet regulatory expectations in the implementation of its anti-money laundering policies and 
procedures and otherwise comply with relevant law and regulation.  
A number of money laundering cases were brought to light in 2018 in the Baltic region, where the Bank 
has historically been present and continues to be present through its 19.95 per cent. (as of 31 December 
2023) ownership interest in Luminor. Over the past years, regulators have been particularly focused on anti-
money laundering procedures and regulations, which continue to evolve. In 2016, a complaint was sent to 
the National Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime (the 
economic crime unit) stating that DNB ASA, the former holding company of the DNB Group, had helped 
transfer over U.S.$500,000 in Russian cash through accounts in Lithuania and Estonia. While the economic 
crime unit had investigated the transactions from 2007 to 2010, it decided not to pursue it further. On 13 
June 2022, the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten, based on publications in the media in Finland and the 
Baltics, published an article related to suspicious transactions in Luminor with an aggregate size of 
approximately EUR 3.9 billion over a period of approximately 20 years. As part of Luminor's ongoing

--- Page 47 ---
11/86235560_3 
37 
commitment to assess and update its anti-money laundering controls, the Bank has conducted several 
reviews of its anti-money laundering program. The Bank has been informed that Luminor used a broad set 
of criteria to check for any suspicious activity in relation to historical transactions. Suspicious findings had 
to be reported to relevant intelligence units (in line with financial institutions' ongoing obligations to report 
suspicious transactions according to applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations). While the 
report was commissioned and led by Luminor, the Bank's understanding is that the Bank engaged with all 
relevant regulators throughout its development, including the reporting of findings where appropriate. 
These transactions and the report commissioned by Luminor are not material for the Bank and have not 
prompted any further action on the Bank's part given that the Bank disposed of most of its holdings in 
Luminor in 2019. The DNB Group, along with other Nordic banks, has attracted public attention and media 
coverage in connection with these money-laundering revelations, which continue to be investigated. Even 
if these allegations have not resulted in prosecutions of any member of the DNB Group, the DNB Group 
could face severe reputational damage. 
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 3 May 2021, the NFSA published its final report and a separate resolution (both 
dated 30 April 2021) related to this inspection, which confirmed that a fine of NOK 400 million is imposed 
on the Bank, as announced in the NFSA's preliminary report relating to the inspection received by the Bank 
on 7 December 2020. Although the DNB Group has not been under suspicion of money laundering or 
complicity in money laundering, in its report of 30 April 2021 the NFSA was critical of the DNB Group's 
compliance with the anti-money laundering regulations and remediation of weaknesses identified in prior 
inspections. The DNB Group acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had not given sufficient 
results at the time of the inspection, and the DNB Group, therefore, announced the same day that it accepted 
the fine imposed by the NFSA.  
As part of its follow-up, on 19 April 2022 the NFSA issued a decision to order the Bank to collect and store 
legal identification for remaining customers, persons acting on behalf of customers and persons with 
disposal rights over an account or deposit, by 1 August 2022. As agreed with the NFSA, the Bank reported 
on the implementation and progress of the order per 1 August 2022 within the reporting deadline of 8 
August 2022. 
On 1 September 2022, the NFSA imposed compulsory fines on the Bank for failing to comply with the 
NFSA's order of 19 April 2022. These fines comprised NOK 50,000 per business day from 2 September 
2022 until the NFSA found that their order was satisfied. Pursuant to Norwegian law, a coercive fine is not 
classified as an "administrative sanction", but instead an "administrative measure", which is not considered 
punishment for a previous breach of compliance but rather a forward-looking measure to incentivise an 
increased effort to comply with a decision. On 29 June 2023, the NFSA stated that it was satisfied with 
DNB's customer identity verification status, and the compulsory fines of NOK 50,000 per day ceased 
effective from 24 April 2023. 
While the DNB Group takes any criticism raised very seriously and continues to try to improve its methods 
and systems to prevent anti-money laundering, it cannot guarantee that its Group-wide anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures have prevented, or will prevent, instances 
of money laundering or terrorism financing. Further, it cannot guarantee that its employees will consistently 
comply with such policies.  
Any violation of anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or even the suggestion of 
violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the DNB Group and could, as a result, 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's financial condition and results of operations.  
The legal relationships between the DNB Group and its customers are based on standardised 
contracts and forms created for a large number of commercial transactions; as a result, problems

--- Page 48 ---
11/86235560_3 
38 
with the conditions in this documentation, or errors in it, could affect a large number of contracts 
with customers. 
The DNB Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of customers and uses general 
terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms in the majority of its business areas 
and departments. The use of standard contracts and forms poses a significant risk due to the large number 
of contracts. As a result of the ordinary evolution of laws and new judicial decisions, and the growing 
influence of EU legislation on national laws, it is possible that not all the general terms and conditions, 
standard contracts and forms used by the DNB Group comply with all of the applicable legal requirements 
at all times. If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the 
contracts are deemed invalid in whole or in part, a large number of customer relationships could be 
adversely affected, which could result in claims for compensation or other legal consequences that could 
have an adverse effect on the financial condition and operating results of the DNB Group. 
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the DNB Group's business.  
In the ordinary course of its business, the DNB Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. 
The DNB Group is subject to regulations in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Regulation and regulatory 
requirements are continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the DNB Group, including, 
but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money laundering, payments, consumer credits, 
capital requirements, reporting and corporate governance. 
Furthermore, as part of its banking activities, the DNB Group provides its customers with investment 
advice, other investment services and investment products and access to internally as well as externally 
managed funds, and serves as custodian of third-party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers 
due to investment advice, other services or products from the DNB Group, or misconduct or fraudulent 
actions in connection with the provision of investment services or the sale of investment products or 
otherwise, the DNB Group's customers could seek compensation from or otherwise take legal action 
against, the DNB Group. See "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group—Litigation" for further detail 
on these claims.  
The DNB Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations in jurisdictions where it operates. See "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group —
Litigation". Such claims, disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their 
outcomes and ultimate consequences are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case 
or an investigation. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the DNB Group to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), direct or indirect financial losses, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or damage to reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory 
restrictions on its businesses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Even though the DNB Group believes it has appropriately provided for contingent obligations in respect of 
claims, litigation and other proceedings, the outcome of any such claim, litigation or proceeding may differ 
from management expectations and expose the DNB Group to unexpected costs and losses, reputational 
and other non-financial consequences and diversion of management attention. 
Any of the above-mentioned factors or any other restrictions or limitations on the operations of financial 
institutions could have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations, liquidity and/or prospects.

--- Page 49 ---
11/86235560_3 
39 
The DNB Group is exposed to the risk of changes in tax and VAT legislation and the interpretation 
of such legislation as well as changes in such rates. 
The DNB Group's activities are subject to tax and VAT at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates, computed in accordance with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Norwegian 
Government or other governments to increase tax or VAT rates or to impose additional taxes or duties, 
could reduce the DNB Group's profitability.  
For example, in July 2021, the Bank received a decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to the 
deduction of external interest expenses. According to Norwegian tax legislation, external interest expenses 
are to be distributed proportionally among companies' operations in Norway and certain international 
branch offices based on the respective entities' total assets. This could result in additions or deductions from 
the companies' income in Norway. The decision calculates the limitation of interest deduction by including 
internal receivables and covers the fiscal years 2015 to 2019. The decision represents a tax exposure of 
NOK 1.7 billion for the period in question. The estimated tax effect for the years 2020 to 2023 amounts to 
a total of approximately NOK 180 million. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' interpretation of 
the legislation. Legal proceedings were initiated in 2021 and the first level of court proceedings took place 
at the beginning of May 2022. The first level court decision of 4 June 2022 was not in favour of the Bank 
and was appealed by the Bank on 4 August 2022. On 29 November 2023, the second level court decision 
ruled in favour of the Bank. The tax authorities have appealed this decision and on 22 February 2024, the 
Appeals Selection Committee of the Supreme Court allowed for the appeal to be brought before the 
Supreme Court. Proceedings in the Supreme Court have been scheduled for 15 October 2024 to 17 October 
2024. No provisions have been recognised in the accounts. However, there can be no assurance that the 
final decision will be made in favour of the Bank.  
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with 
associated transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were 
prepared in 2018, it was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring 
did not agree with the Norwegian Tax Administration's interpretation of the original wording of the law. 
Based on an overall assessment, the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a 
tax income of NOK 880 million for the DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded 
a larger tax deduction than the tax effect recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring 
received a final decision concerning a change in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has 
appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review 
of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 
2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter is uncertain and may result in 
either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group accounts. If DNB 
Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax expense of 
NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018. 
In the second quarter of 2023, the Bank received a draft decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating 
to the reorganisation of its lending activities in Sweden and in the UK in 2015. The tax authorities 
questioned the valuation and calculation of taxable gains/losses relating to loan portfolios that were sold 
from branch offices of the Bank to subsidiaries in Sweden and the UK. The DNB Group's maximum tax 
exposure is estimated to be approximately NOK 1.2 billion. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' 
approach, and accordingly no provision has been recognised in its accounts. However, the final outcome of 
the dispute remains unclear, and there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank's profitability or results of operations.  
On 27 February 2023, the Bank received a notice of a change in the tax assessment of dividends received 
from U.S subsidiaries in 2019 and 2020. DNB has treated dividends received from its U.S. subsidiary as 
covered by the tax exemption method, but the Norwegian tax authorities state that since the subsidiary is 
not itself a taxable entity in the U.S, (and is taxed jointly with the Bank's branch office in New York, leading 
to, in the authorities' view, an effective taxation rate that is less than two thirds of Norwegian taxation) the

--- Page 50 ---
11/86235560_3 
40 
U.S would be considered a low-tax country such that the dividends would not be covered by the tax 
exemption method. The tax authorities have also announced that the subsidiary's payments of its share of 
the joint tax payment are to be considered taxable dividends. The Bank responded to the notice in June 
2023. On 19 December 2023, the Bank received an updated notice where the tax authorities have included 
the years 2018, 2021 and 2022 regarding the tax payments to be considered dividends. The updated notice 
increases the tax exposure by NOK 214 million, bringing the total tax exposure to NOK 1,791 million. The 
Bank does not agree that the U.S. should be regarded as a low-tax country, or that there are grounds for 
regarding the tax payments as dividends, and for this reason no provisions have been recognised in the 
accounts. The Bank responded to the 19 December 2023 notice on 20 March 2024. Further, the Bank 
received a request from the Norwegian tax authorities on 22 February 2024 for additional information 
regarding the U.S. tax rules, and the Bank responded to the request on 5 April 2024. The timeline and 
process for resolving this matter are uncertain and are at the discretion of the tax authorities. 
Revisions of tax or VAT legislation or changes in its interpretation as well as differences in opinion between 
the DNB Group and tax authorities with respect to interpretation of relevant legislation might also affect 
the DNB Group's financial condition in the future. Such changes and the outcome of ongoing proceedings 
where the DNB Group's interpretation of tax and VAT legislation is challenged by tax authorities could 
have a material adverse effect on the DNB Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, 
liquidity and/or prospects. Further, there can be no assurance that any such change in tax and VAT 
legislation or the interpretation of tax and VAT legislation may not have a retroactive effect on the DNB 
Group's business, financial situation, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The DNB Group may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the 
interpretation of such policies and standards. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") changes the financial 
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the DNB Group's financial statements. 
Further, changes may take place in the interpretation of, or differences of opinion may arise between the 
DNB Group and competent authorities with regard to the application of, such standards. These changes can 
be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the DNB Group records and reports its financial 
condition and results of operations. In some cases, the DNB Group may be required to apply a new or 
revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard, retroactively, rendering a restatement of 
prior period financial statements necessary. Any such change in the DNB Group's accounting policies or 
applicable accounting standards could materially affect its reported financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
As discussed further in the section titled "Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Developments—IFRS 
17", the DNB Group applies IFRS 17 from 1 January 2023. The full implementation effect of IFRS 17, as 
well as the effect of the changed measurement of financial instruments, was NOK 9,823 million after tax, 
and reduced the DNB Group's equity at the time of the transition on 1 January 2022 accordingly. 
Conflicts of interest, whether actual or perceived, may negatively impact the DNB Group. 
As the DNB Group expands the scope of its business and its customer base, it must increasingly implement 
corporate governance policies on a group-wide level and address potential conflicts of interest, including 
situations in which the DNB Group provides services to a particular customer or its own proprietary 
investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another customer, 
as well as situations in which one or more of the DNB Group's businesses have access to material non-
public information that may not be shared with other businesses within the DNB Group. Appropriately 
identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex, in part because internal breaches of policy can 
be difficult to discover. The DNB Group's reputation could be damaged, and the willingness of customers 
to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected, if the DNB Group fails, or 
appears to fail, to identify and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest.

--- Page 51 ---
11/86235560_3 
41 
Financial services operations involve inherent reputational risk. 
The DNB Group's reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to 
earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services industry. Negative 
public opinion can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, non-compliance 
by members of the DNB Group with applicable internal policies and regulations, activities of business 
partners over which the DNB Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, 
uncertainty about the DNB Group's financial soundness or reliability (including the reliability of its internet 
banking platforms) or the DNB Group's conduct of its business. Negative public opinion may adversely 
affect the DNB Group's ability to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, as well as its 
relationships with regulators and the general public. For example, in 2022, increased interest rates and the 
extensive effort to have all customers renew their proof of identity led to negative media reports and 
frustration among some customers. 
Risks Related to the Notes  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency and/or a resolution of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes, which will constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, and will, at all times, rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The Subordinated Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration (except, in any 
such case, an Excluded Winding-up (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) (referred to 
herein as a "winding-up of the Issuer"), all claims in respect of the Subordinated Notes will subject as 
otherwise provided by applicable law from time to time, rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and will be subordinated as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). If, on 
a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims 
of the more senior-ranking creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, Noteholders 
will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
As described in Condition 4 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), the ranking of the Subordinated Notes may 
change such that, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, the claims of holders of Subordinated Notes 
that constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will 
rank behind certain obligations of the Issuer that such holders had previously ranked in priority to. As a 
result, upon a winding-up of the Issuer, there may be a greater risk of holders of Subordinated Notes that 
constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations losing all or some of their investment in the Subordinated Notes 
as there would potentially be a greater number of more senior-ranking claims which would be repaid in full 
ahead of the claims of such holders of Subordinated Notes.  
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing 
of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any)

--- Page 52 ---
11/86235560_3 
42 
recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of its investment 
should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
The ranking of Subordinated Notes relative to other obligations of the Issuer could change, which in 
certain circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the rights of the relevant Noteholders 
and/or the market price of the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD requires Member States to ensure that, for relevant credit institutions, all claims 
resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing normal insolvency proceedings, a lower 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. While Norway has not yet 
implemented Article 48(7) of the BRRD, (although, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Norwegian 
Parliament has adopted an amendment to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-32 to do so 
and the amendment will enter into force on 1 July 2024) under Condition 4 the ranking of Subordinated 
Notes in a winding-up of the Issuer will depend upon whether those Subordinated Notes are Qualifying 
Tier 2 Obligations or Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations. These provisions, and the abovementioned 
amendment, are broadly designed to achieve an outcome aligned to the requirements of Article 48(7). 
Should the relevant Subordinated Notes become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations, this would have the effect, 
under Condition 4(b)(ii), of affording such Subordinated Notes a higher priority ranking than is the case 
while they remain Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations. However, should the relevant Subordinated Notes 
subsequently re-qualify as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, the ranking of such Subordinated Notes will, 
under Condition 4(b)(iii), revert to their lower level, all in accordance with the Priority of Claims set out in 
Condition 4(c). 
Other obligations of the Issuer may also be subject to similar changes in their ranking, whether as a result 
of any implementation of Article 48(7) of BRRD into Norwegian law, or as a result of their terms and 
conditions. In the event that any other obligations of the Issuer are initially issued as Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations (and thus, in a winding-up of the Issuer, would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes) but 
subsequently become Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations at a time when any Subordinated Notes remain 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, then in a winding-up of the Issuer the claims in respect of such Disqualified 
Tier 2 Obligations would rank in priority to the claims of Noteholders in respect of such Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(c). Accordingly, the holders of such 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations would be entitled to be repaid in full before Noteholders would be able to 
recover any amounts in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes. This could reduce the amount (if any) 
of any recovery of Noteholders in respect of their Subordinated Notes in the event of a winding-up of the 
Issuer. 
The potential for changes in the actual or perceived ranking of Subordinated Notes relative to other 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time could, in certain circumstances, have a material adverse effect 
on, and/or increase the volatility in, the market price of Subordinated Notes from time to time. Furthermore, 
the circumstances in which the ranking of Subordinated Notes and/or the ranking of any other obligations 
of the Issuer may change may not be possible to predict. 
In addition to the foregoing, it is possible that, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, if the Issuer has 
outstanding any Legacy Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Conditions) the ranking of which 
cannot be reconciled with the Priority of Claims specified in Condition 4(c), it may not be possible for 
Noteholders in respect of Subordinated Notes to anticipate the relative losses which would be borne by 
such Noteholders and the holders of those Legacy Subordinated Obligations. If any such Legacy 
Subordinated Obligations rank ahead of the relevant Subordinated Notes, this may reduce the amount (if 
any) recovered by Noteholders in respect of their Subordinated Notes in the event of a winding-up of the 
Issuer. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any interpretation of any Noteholder in respect of 
Subordinated Notes or any other of the relative ranking of such Legacy Subordinated Obligations and the 
relevant Subordinated Notes will be the same as the interpretation of the Issuer, any insolvency official of 
the Issuer and/or the Norwegian FSA, and any such interpretation could be subject to reassessment from

--- Page 53 ---
11/86235560_3 
43 
time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on, and/or result in increased volatility in, the 
market price of Subordinated Notes from time to time. 
Once the amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-32 referred to above enter 
into force, to the extent any of the contractual subordination provisions set out in the Conditions (and 
described above) are inconsistent with them, the provisions of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act 
Section 20-32 shall prevail. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on the adopted amendments, for 
so long as some or all of the Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Capital they shall rank above 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital but below all the holders of all other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (unless that indebtedness also comprises (in whole or in part) Tier 2 Capital). If 
any other indebtedness ceases in full to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, then it is expected that, pursuant to the 
adopted amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-32, such indebtedness shall 
rank above Subordinated Notes (assuming the relevant Subordinated Notes continue to count in full or in 
part as Tier 2 Capital). This could have a material adverse effect on, and/or increase the volatility in, the 
market price of Subordinated Notes from time to time and reduce the amount (if any) repayable to the 
Noteholders in respect of Subordinated Notes in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up 
of the Issuer. If the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-32 are further amended following the 
entry into force of the abovementioned amendments this could also have a material adverse effect on 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's other 
unsubordinated debt (including its Senior Preferred Notes). An investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency and/or a resolution of 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer may issue Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which will constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, will, at all times, rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, 
subject as otherwise provided by applicable law from time to time, will form part of the class of Statutory 
Non-Preferred Obligations (as defined in Condition 3) of the Issuer. The ranking of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes is further described in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the designation 'senior', and 
will both rank ahead of Subordinated Notes on a winding-up of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, will rank junior to those obligations which 
are by law given priority over Senior Preferred Notes) and the Issuer's other ordinary unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme should 
note that, in the event of the Issuer's insolvency or resolution, investors in its Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(if any) would generally be expected to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders 
of its Senior Preferred Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
There are limited Events of Default in relation to the Notes. 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes are limited to the occurrence of certain liquidation and 
insolvency events, and the enforcement rights of the Noteholders in relation to such Events of Default are

--- Page 54 ---
11/86235560_3 
44 
extremely limited. In particular, the Noteholders will not be entitled to accelerate any amounts under the 
Notes except in the liquidation of the Issuer or other insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the rights of the holders of such Notes are restricted by such limited Events of Default. See 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). Such limited Events of Default are similarly applicable in respect of any 
Green Bonds issued under the Programme. See further "— There is no obligation or assurance that an 
amount equal to the proceeds of issue of Green Bonds will be applied for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing Green Projects, and any failure in application of such proceeds (or equal amounts) will not 
constitute a default or otherwise enable Noteholders to take any enforcement action against the Issuer". 
In addition, the remedies under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Bank's unsubordinated creditors. 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Bank could materially adversely affect the value of 
the Notes including in a manner which may result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of 
their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes. 
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force in the EU. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with 
a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity 
("relevant entities" being credit institutions, investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain 
holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for 
the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement by decision 21/2018 of February 2018, which entered into force in the 
EEA Agreement on 1 January 2020. Legislation implementing the BRRD in Norway was passed in the 
Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force on 1 January 2019 at Chapter 20 of the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. The legislation set forth that any further possible supplements and 
regulation of the details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical standards can be 
determined through regulations passed by the Ministry under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. On 
20 December 2018, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted changes to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Regulation setting forth general rules for MREL (see further below).  
Following entry into force of rules implementing the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank and 
the DNB Group are now subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution 
tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority 
considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable 
time frame and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligation; (iii) 
asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which 
would include claims in respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant 
entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims, which would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of 
ownership (the "general bail-in tool"), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 55 ---
11/86235560_3 
45 
The BRRD also provides for a relevant Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write down, or convert into equity, capital instruments (such as the Subordinated 
Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss 
absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity 
may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD (such as 
cancellation, transfer or dilution). 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken), or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted, or 
(iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is 
an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a relevant Member 
State and to preserve financial stability. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how relevant credit institutions and investment firms are 
managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool or, in the case of holders 
of Subordinated Notes, the non-viability loss absorption powers, which may result in such holders losing 
some or all of their investment in the Notes or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their 
investment may otherwise be materially adversely affected. Such application could also involve 
modifications, including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity 
date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain 
period, to or the disapplication of provisions in, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, the 
exercise of any power under the BRRD under implementing measures in Norway or any suggestion of such 
exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders. 
In addition, the market price of the Notes could be adversely affected by any actual or anticipated use of 
the powers thereunder in respect of the Bank, the DNB Group, and/or the Notes. Any action taken under 
such legislation in respect of the Bank or the DNB Group could also affect the ability of the Bank to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may also be written down or subject to conversion following a decision from 
the Norwegian authorities under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. 
The Subordinated Notes may be written down or converted following the Norwegian authorities' decision 
to apply resolution tools under Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act.  
Pursuant to Section 20-14 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act, the NFSA as resolution authority 
may, following consent from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, adopt a decision to write down or convert 
capital instruments in accordance with Norwegian insolvency legislation if the NFSA determines that:

--- Page 56 ---
11/86235560_3 
46 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is likely to fail in the near future; or 
(c) 
the Issuer will require state guarantees. 
The NFSA may only adopt such a decision if there is no reasonable prospect that the situations in (a) to (c) 
in the foregoing paragraph can be prevented by action other than write-down and conversion of own funds. 
Further, a write-down or conversion may not be carried out if the holders of the affected capital instruments 
incur greater losses than if the institution had been wound up pursuant to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act section 20-29. 
A decision to write down Subordinated Notes under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act section 20-
14 shall be permanent, but shall not prevent the NFSA from subsequently writing up Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Section 20-16 subsection (3) if the level of write-down based on the preliminary valuation is 
deemed to exceed requirements. Following the write-down of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer 
be liable towards the Noteholders, and no compensation shall be paid to Noteholders other than by 
conversion to shares in the Issuer. 
The write down of the Subordinated Notes under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-14 
will affect the claims of the Noteholders in various respects. Firstly, in the event of a winding-up of the 
Issuer, the claims of the Noteholders will be in respect of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes at the time of the winding-up of the Issuer and not for the original principal amount. 
Similarly, upon any redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, whether at maturity or upon early 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions, the redemption amount of each Subordinated Note will be 
(or will be determined by reference to) its outstanding principal amount (together with accrued and unpaid 
interest, if applicable) and not its original principal amount. The Issuer is not able to reinstate any principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes which has been written down pursuant to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act, and any such write-down shall not prevent the Issuer from exercising any redemption right 
it may have under the Notes. 
In addition, interest will accrue only on the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes from 
time to time and, accordingly, for so long as the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Notes is 
less than their original principal amount, the maximum amount of interest which may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date shall be less than if the Subordinated Notes had not been written down. 
Noteholders will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment as a result of any write down of the 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-14, other than, 
potentially, if the NFSA elects to convert some or all of such written down amount of principal into shares. 
Accordingly, if the Subordinated Notes are written down under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act 
Section 20-14, Noteholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Any actual or anticipated use of the powers under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act chapter 20 to 
write down or convert the Subordinated Notes will be likely to have a severe adverse effect on the market 
price of the Subordinated Notes.  
There is no right of set-off or counterclaim in relation to the Notes. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes held by the relevant 
Noteholder, and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all 
such rights.

--- Page 57 ---
11/86235560_3 
47 
While the Senior Preferred Notes rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (other than obligations preferred by law) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time 
outstanding ("Other Senior Obligations"), certain holders of Other Senior Obligations may have a right 
of set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim against the Issuer which holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes do not have. This may result in holders of Senior Preferred Notes having more limited 
rights than holders of Other Senior Obligations in relation to moneys owed by the Issuer to the relevant 
holder. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective rate of return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
There are a number of circumstances in which the Issuer may have or acquire a right to redeem Notes before 
their stated maturity date, including, potentially (and, where relevant, if such right is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement): upon 
the occurrence of certain tax events as set out in Condition 7(b); on one or more specified dates or during 
one or more specified periods its option as set out in Condition 7(c); (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as set out in Condition 7(j); (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event as set out in 
Condition 7(k); or where the Residual Holding Percentage (as defined in the Condition 7(n)) or more of the 
aggregate outstanding amount of the relevant Notes originally issued (as construed in accordance with 
Condition 7(n)) shall have been redeemed or purchased and cancelled, as set out in Condition 7(n). The 
circumstances in which a Capital Event or MREL Disqualification Event may occur, or in which changes 
in the tax treatment of the Notes as contemplated by Condition 7(b) may occur, are outside the Issuer's 
control, and holders of the Notes may be unable to predict accurately, if at all, whether or when any such 
event may occur with respect to their Notes. Such uncertainty may adversely affect the market price of the 
Notes, whether or not an early redemption right arises or is exercised. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(k) applies, if an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Relevant Regulator (if applicable), on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or, if 
applicable, such other minimum period and maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 
7(k), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 58 ---
11/86235560_3 
48 
Subordinated Notes: Capital Event Redemption. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(j) applies, if a Capital Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the 
Issuer may, at its option, but subject to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
applicable), on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or, if applicable, such other minimum 
period and maximum period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), as further provided in Condition 7(j), redeem all (but not some only) of 
the outstanding Subordinated Notes comprising the relevant Series at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
There can be no assurance that holders of Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received 
upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the Subordinated 
Notes, as the case may be. 
Call options are, in certain circumstances, subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
Any redemption or purchase prior to maturity of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to regulatory approval. There can be no assurance that any such 
approval will be forthcoming, and any decision by the Relevant Regulator not to grant its approval shall 
not constitute a default under the Notes or for any other purpose.  
Pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation Section 11-11, prior permission from the 
NFSA for repurchase and redemption will not be required provided that the Subordinated Notes are 
replaced with new own funds instruments and that the following conditions are met: (i) the instrument is of 
equal or higher quality, (ii) at least corresponds to the repurchased or repaid amount, (iii) is raised prior to 
the notification of the early repurchase or redemption, and (iv) does not have a negative effect on the 
company's earnings (higher interest premiums than existing capital). 
Holders of such Notes should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised 
by the Issuer. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks 
of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period (if applicable). There 
can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments in such Notes, as the case 
may be. 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject 
to obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator (if applicable), (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the relevant Noteholders) either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
relevant Notes, as the case may be, for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the 
governing law of Condition 21 from Norwegian law to English law), as the case may be, so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or 
Qualifying MREL Securities (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) as 
further provided in Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m), as the case may be. The Terms and Conditions of 
such substituted or varied Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that 
are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Notes, provided that the relevant

--- Page 59 ---
11/86235560_3 
49 
Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities or Qualifying MREL 
Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. 
In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
The gross-up obligation in relation to the Notes is limited to payments of interest only. 
The Issuer's obligation under Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, Noteholders would 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under the Notes upon redemption, and the market value 
of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes as "eligible 
liabilities" is subject to uncertainty. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations then applicable) of the Issuer and the DNB Group. However, if the Applicable MREL 
Regulations were to change after a series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes were 
issued, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that such Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. There is therefore a risk that an MREL Disqualification Event may occur. See "—
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes: MREL Disqualification Event Redemption", "—
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" and "—If the Issuer has 
the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
rate of return". 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa (any such Notes, "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes"), this may affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the relevant Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then-prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the

--- Page 60 ---
11/86235560_3 
50 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", there can be 
no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
There can be no assurance that Green Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement relating to any 
specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to advance loans to the Issuer's customers on a 
targeted basis for the purpose of the financing and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects" and Notes 
issued thereunder to be "Green Bonds"), in line with the DNB Green Finance Framework, which is 
intended substantially to adhere to the Green Bond Principles as published by the International Capital 
Market Association (ICMA) (the "Principles"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any assurance or 
representation as to whether any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
or the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Projects).  
There can be no formal or consensus definition of a 'green' (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other 
equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over 
time. In addition, the DNB Green Finance Framework is subject to change in all respects at any time without 
notice. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses that are the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy)) or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EuGB Regulation and will 
not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will only comply 
with the criteria and processes set out in the DNB Green Finance Framework. Notes issued as Green Bonds 
under the Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuer to be entitled to use the designation 
of"European green bond" or "EuGB" 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond 
Standard (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). The standard will use the definitions of green economic 
activities in the so called EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. On 1 March 2023, 
it was published that a preliminary political agreement had been reached on the final provisions for the 
regulation, which introduces a voluntary standard. To this extent, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional 
disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the

--- Page 61 ---
11/86235560_3 
51 
"EuGB Regulation") introduces the "European Green Bond Standard" or ("EuGBS") as a designation which 
can be used on a voluntary basis by bond issuers using definitions of green economic activities in the EU 
Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. The EuGB Regulation was published on 22 
November 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024. 
There can be no assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any assurance or representation as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes, 
the DNB Green Finance Framework generally, or any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The Noteholders will have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or the provider 
of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification. A withdrawal of 
any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Green Bonds, may result in the delisting of 
such Green Bonds from any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled assets. 
There can be no assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, that any admission obtained will be maintained or that 
admission of Green Bonds to any such segment will indicate that any particular objectives or investment 
criteria of any investor will be met 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. The criteria for 
acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or anticipated 
removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and refused, that 
could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that Green Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or

--- Page 62 ---
11/86235560_3 
52 
use(s) that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can there 
be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by 
the Issuer. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors in Green 
Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
There is no obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Green Projects or monitor the use of proceeds 
of Green Bonds, and Noteholders shall have no recourse to them 
None of the Arranger and the Dealers is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility criteria relating 
to Green Bonds, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Issuer or the Green 
Projects will satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts 
equal thereto) in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the 
Issuer to particular Green Projects, (v) any assessment of the Green Projects criteria or (vi) the contents of 
any Green Bonds framework developed by the Issuer or any second party opinion or certificate thereon, 
and no investor in any Notes will have any recourse to the Arranger or the Dealers in connection therewith. 
There are no rights and/or events of default applicable to the Green Bonds in the event that proceeds are 
not applied in line with the DNB Green Finance Framework.  
There is no obligation or assurance that an amount equal to the proceeds of issue of Green Bonds will be 
applied for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green Projects, and any failure in application of such 
proceeds (or equal amounts) will not constitute a default or otherwise enable Noteholders to take any 
enforcement action against the Issuer 
The proceeds from Green Bonds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. While it is the 
intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds for financing and/or 
refinancing Green Projects, the Issuer will be under no contractual obligation to do so (including that the 
Terms and Conditions of Green Bonds will not contain any such requirement on, or covenant by, the Issuer 
nor any event of default should the Issuer fail to apply the proceeds or amounts equal thereto for such 
purpose). Unallocated net proceeds from Green Bonds will be held in the Issuer's treasury liquidity 
portfolio, in cash or other short term liquid instruments, at the Issuer's own discretion and as set out in the 
DNB Green Finance Framework. Any such event or failure will not prejudice the prudential treatment of 
any Notes or constitute an event of default under the Green Bonds or otherwise trigger any other 
consequences under the terms and conditions of the Green Bonds.  
The availability of Notes qualifying as prudential capital or MREL to absorb losses of the Issuer or the 
DNB Group will not be affected by their characterisation as Green Bonds, and the characterisation of 
Notes as Green Bonds does not affect the status of such Notes in terms of ranking, subordination or 
susceptibility to bail-in or other resolution powers 
The proceeds of issue of Green Bonds which are eligible to count as MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer 
will be available to absorb losses of the Issuer or the DNB Group to the same degree and in the same manner 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities which are not Green Bonds. Notes issued as Green Bonds will be subject to 
bail-in and resolution measures available under the BRRD, as implemented in Norway, in the same way as 
any other Notes issued under the Programme. Further, investors should note that where Green Bonds 
qualify for inclusion in the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, the 
prudential and resolution rules will apply to those Green Bonds in the same way as they apply to any other

--- Page 63 ---
11/86235560_3 
53 
Notes issued under the Programme which so qualify. Green Bonds intended to form part of the own funds 
and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group will not be issued with any features which 
undermine their ability to absorb losses in compliance with the prevailing prudential and resolution rules, 
and neither the Green Bonds nor the proceeds of issue thereof will be afforded any special treatment or 
enhanced protections as a result of them being Green Bonds. Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will continue to be subject to lower priority ranking than other preferred debts and ordinary unsecured 
debts of the Issuer, and the other risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes as described elsewhere in this section "Risk Factors" – including with respect to 
loss absorption as a result of bail-in or write down – shall apply to such Notes irrespective of whether or 
not such Notes are Green Bonds.  
The proceeds of issue of Notes that qualify as own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer and/or the 
DNB Group will be available to cover all losses of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group, regardless of whether 
such Notes are Green Bonds and regardless of whether the losses stem from any loans advanced by the 
Issuer out of the proceeds of issue of such Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto) or under any other green, 
social or sustainable assets of the DNB Group. 
Noteholders have no recourse to the Issuer, and the Issuer shall not have any obligations, in the event that 
the proceeds of issue of Green Bonds or amounts equal thereto are not applied on the basis described 
herein 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds to finance and/or refinance any Green Projects, and/or any failure by any such customer to apply 
those funds to Green Projects as aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification in connection 
with any Green Bonds, or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or any of its customers is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market or any particular segment thereof as aforesaid and/or any failure by the Issuer to provide 
or publish any reporting or any impact assessment on the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) from 
any issue of Green Bonds will not:  
i) 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds or a breach or violation of any term 
thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, or permit any Noteholder to 
accelerate the Green Bonds or take any other enforcement action against the Issuer;  
ii) 
create any right or obligation for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds;  
iii) 
create an option for the Noteholders to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; 
iv) 
compromise the ability of the relevant Green Bonds to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities or 
Tier 2 capital (as the case may be); 
v) 
result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect 
of any Green Bonds, create any other incentive to redeem the relevant Green Bonds, or otherwise 
affect the Terms and Conditions of any Green Bonds; 
vi) 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green Bonds to 
cover losses in any part of the DNB Group; or 
vii) 
give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the Arranger and/or any Dealer. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any 
Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such

--- Page 64 ---
11/86235560_3 
54 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds which are 
intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, any failure by the Issuer or the DNB Group to meet any sustainability targets it may be 
required to meet or may set itself from time to time shall not constitute an Event of Default under any Green 
Bonds or otherwise result in any Green Bonds being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
No link between Green Bonds and any Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue thereof  
Amounts of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect of any Green Bonds will not be impacted 
by the performance of the Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of 
such Green Bonds or by any other Green Projects or other green, social or sustainable assets of the Issuer 
or the DNB Group. 
Further, the tenor of the amounts advanced by the Issuer for the purposes of financing or refinancing Green 
Projects may not match the maturity date of the Green Bonds issued to fund such advances. The subsequent 
redemption of relevant advances by the Issuer, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Green Projects before the maturity date of any Green Bonds issued to fund such advances shall not lead to 
the early redemption of such Green Bonds or any other Notes nor create any obligation or incentive of the 
Issuer to redeem the Green Bonds at any time or be a factor in the Issuer's determination as to whether or 
not to exercise any early redemption rights it may have from time to time. 
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose (including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a 
result of such Notes not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which 
could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Bonds). 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification 
without the consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes refer to provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally, with such provisions set out in full in the Agency Agreement. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Any such modification will be binding on all of the Noteholders of such Series of Notes, notwithstanding 
that they did not consent to such modification, waiver or authorisation. 
The meetings provisions set out in the Agency Agreement also provide that a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the relevant 
series of Notes for the time being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal 
amount of the relevant series of Notes for the time being outstanding, shall also be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic

--- Page 65 ---
11/86235560_3 
55 
consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding on all the holders of such series of Notes, 
whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents in electronic form. 
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the holders of the Notes, to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement (i) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) which is to correct a manifest error or (iii) which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Notes. Any such modification shall be binding on the holders 
of Notes and any such modification shall be notified to the holders of Notes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
A major part of the DNB Group's retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered 
bonds issued by Boligkreditt, which once transferred are not available to holders of the Notes in the 
case of insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. 
A major part of the DNB Group's retail mortgage portfolio comprises the cover pool for the covered bonds 
issued by Boligkreditt. Residential mortgages transferred by the Bank to Boligkreditt or originated by 
Boligkreditt through the DNB Group distribution channels comprise the cover pool and thereby serve as 
security for holders of the covered bonds issued by Boligkreditt (and also counterparties under derivatives 
contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to such covered bonds). Once transferred, these 
mortgages do not form part of the general assets of the Bank that would be available to holders of the Notes 
in the case of insolvency or liquidation of the Bank. The DNB Group intends to cover a significant part of 
its long-term funding requirement through the additional issuance of covered bonds, which will be secured 
by mortgages originated by Boligkreditt through DNB Group's distribution channels and/or by further 
transfers of retail mortgages from the Bank to Boligkreditt. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, and the holders of Notes are structurally subordinated to the covered bondholders and such hedge 
counterparties to the extent of the cover pool and are not likely to ever have access to this cover pool should 
the Issuer become insolvent or be liquidated.  
A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a custodian for DTC or a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not 
be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each 
Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Norwegian law or 
administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law and, to the extent specified in Condition 
21(a), Norwegian law. There can be no assurances as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or

--- Page 66 ---
11/86235560_3 
56 
change to the laws of England or the laws of Norway, regulations or administrative practice after the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes or the interpretation thereof. 
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes, which 
may have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty 
could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price 
of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative changes, 
including those described above, could have on the Notes. 
Investors who purchase Bearer Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to 
be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus an integral multiple of another smaller amount in excess thereof, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to 
a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a 
severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include

--- Page 67 ---
11/86235560_3 
57 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes, 
including on an unsolicited basis. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. If any rating, including any unsolicited credit rating, is assigned 
at a lower level than expected or subsequently is revised lower, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
In general, EU-regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use (for UK regulatory purposes) ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings will also be disclosed in the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing 
Supplement. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, certain regulated investors may no longer be able 
to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may

--- Page 68 ---
11/86235560_3 
58 
result in such regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Notes 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the relevant rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, this will adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to benchmarks.  
Benchmarks such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed "benchmarks" (each, a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the 
interest on securities may be linked, are subject to ongoing national and international regulatory reforms. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms and 
changes may cause a benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. 
Any change in the performance of a benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing or linked to such benchmark, including possible adverse tax consequences for 
certain Noteholders. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EEA. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (among other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that, 
from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with implementing a 
broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across 
sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate

--- Page 69 ---
11/86235560_3 
59 
benchmark by the end of 2021. On 4 December 2023, the working group issued its final statement, 
announcing completion of its mandate. 
In December 2016, the Japanese Study Group on Risk-Free Reference Rates announced the Tokyo 
Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") as its preferred risk free rate for Japanese yen and in October 2017, the 
Swiss National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates recommended the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight ("SARON") as the Swiss franc alternative to the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR"). At 
this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to any Benchmark. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference rates or other 
reforms relating to Benchmarks may adversely affect the trading market for Benchmark-linked securities. 
The potential elimination of Benchmarks, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of a Benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of Benchmark-linked 
securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the 
relevant Benchmark were available in its current form. 
Alternative reference rates may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which may perform very 
differently from the relevant predecessor LIBOR rates (which include an interbank lending margin).  
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause 
it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; and 
(b) 
if EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, then the rate of interest on the Notes will 
be determined for a period by the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 5 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market, may 
not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rate 
information at the relevant time) and may in certain circumstances result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR 
was available. 
In addition, it should be noted that broadly divergent interest rate calculation methodologies may develop 
and apply as between the Notes due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters and the effects of this 
are uncertain but could include a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR 
or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Notes. No assurance may be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect 
to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to 
exist. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark.

--- Page 70 ---
11/86235560_3 
60 
If any Benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be 
changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the 
consent of such holders be obtained.  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser (Condition 5(d))" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating 
Rate Note or Reset Note, in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate (which could include, without limitation, a benchmark, a screen rate and/or any component part 
thereof) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, or failing which an Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero). If any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in such manner 
and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate and/or 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
also provide that an Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the Issuer to be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate, 
so far as is practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and there is no guarantee that 
the application of the Adjustment Spread will reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders.  
If an Independent Adviser is not appointed or a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate Adjustment Spread or any 
Benchmark Amendment is not determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, other 
fallback provisions under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be required to be used, which may 
in certain circumstances result in the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period continuing to apply at the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the immediately preceding Interest Period, resulting in the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes becoming, in effect, fixed rate securities. Even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and associated Adjustment Spread and associated Benchmark Amendments are determined pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the overall Rate of Interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes may be less than it would have been had no Benchmark Event occurred, for example, if the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is (unlike, for example, EURIBOR) a "risk-free" rate. 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC (Condition 5(e))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note 
or Reset Note, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders. 
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON (Condition 5(f))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note 
or Reset Note, if SARON is not published on the SIX Group's Website at the Specified Time on a relevant 
Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation

--- Page 71 ---
11/86235560_3 
61 
Effective Date have occurred at or prior to the Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, SARON will 
be replaced by the Recommended Replacement Rate, the SNB Policy Rate or such other rate as may be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Agent in accordance with Condition 5(f) for all purposes relating to 
the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates.  
If "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA (Condition 5(g))" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a Floating Rate Note 
or Reset Note, if TONA is not published in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day and a TONA Index Cessation 
Event and its related TONA Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, TONA will be replaced by the 
JPY Recommended Rate, an alternative rate for TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate or such other rate 
as may be determined by the Replacement Rate Agent in accordance with Condition 5(g) for all purposes 
relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the 
Issuer in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect 
the return on, value of and market for such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of holders of 
such Notes be obtained. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark 
Replacement will be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the 
economic equivalent of the Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the 
relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date occur. 
Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of interest by 
reference to SOFR may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC) also are uncertain. In particular, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is 
the rate referenced in the ISDA Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date may change over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the definition 
of "Benchmark Replacement" is unavailable or indeterminable, the Issuer will determine the Benchmark 
Replacement that will apply to the relevant Notes.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser), Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC), Condition 5(f) (Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON) or Condition 5(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation – TONA) will become effective without consent from the Noteholders, including with 
respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In making these potentially subjective 
determinations, the Issuer may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the Noteholders, 
and such determinations may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
In the case of any Notes where "Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser", "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – ARRC", "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON" or, as the case may be, "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – TONA", is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), notwithstanding the other provisions of Condition 5(d), 
Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f) or, as the case may be, Condition 5(g), no changes will be made to the rate 
of interest and/or the terms and conditions of such Notes, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to: (1) prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series 
of (a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or (b) 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may, or (2) in the case of the relevant Series of Senior

--- Page 72 ---
11/86235560_3 
62 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes and for the floating leg of mid-swap rates. 
Where the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of 
Floating Rate Notes identify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to 
SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded 
SARON, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, or Compounded TONA or by reference 
to a specified index (all as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Where the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a Series of Reset Notes identify 
that the applicable Reset Reference Rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap 
Rate, the floating leg of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate may be a risk free rate, such as SONIA or SOFR. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the use of SONIA and SOFR 
as a reference rate in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar 
London Inter Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). In particular, market participants and relevant working groups 
are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR 
rate over a designated term). The nascent development of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA rates as 
interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SARON, SONIA, SOFR 
or TONA based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SARON-, SONIA-
, SOFR- or TONA-referenced Floating Rate Notes, or Reset Notes where the Reset Reference Rate is a 
Mid-Swap Rate which utilises a risk free rate for the floating leg, issued under the Programme. 
The use of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA as reference rates (including as a component part of a mid-
swap rate) for bonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SARON, 
SONIA, SOFR or TONA methodologies have been used in notes issued to date and no assurance can be 
given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formulae in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, in 
the context of floating rate bonds or mid-swap based reset bonds, that differs significantly from that set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as applicable to Notes issued under the Programme where the 
interest rate (or a component part thereof) is determined by reference to SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, 
as the case may be. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to 
which the Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) in respect of certain Notes may be calculated may 
change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes where the interest 
rate (or a component part thereof) is determined by reference to SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA in a 
manner that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SARON-, SONIA-, SOFR- or TONA-referenced Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application 
of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA reference rates in the bond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives or loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of overnight reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes where the 
interest rate (or a component part thereof) is determined by reference to SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA.

--- Page 73 ---
11/86235560_3 
63 
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects and have a limited history.  
Overnight rates differ from IBORs in a number of material respects, including that overnight rates are 
backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be 
aware that rates such as SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes compared with rates such as EURIBOR. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate 
that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore may perform differently over time 
than unsecured rates (including overnight unsecured rates). For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Some risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited performance 
history.  For example, the publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018. The future performance 
of SARON, SONIA, SOFR and TONA may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The levels of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA during the term of the Notes may bear little 
or no relation to the historical levels of SARON, SONIA, SOFR and TONA. Prior observed patterns, if 
any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SARON, SONIA, SOFR and TONA such as 
correlations, may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA 
will be determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to IBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and 
payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed 
early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the 
Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA may make changes that could change the 
value of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA or discontinue SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA. 
The Six Swiss Exchange, the Bank of England, The New York Federal Reserve or the Bank of Japan (or a 
successor), as administrators of SARON, SONIA, SOFR and TONA, respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA (as 
applicable), including changes related to the method by which SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SARON, SONIA, SOFR or 
TONA or timing related to the publication of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SARON, SONIA, SOFR or 
TONA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, as the case may be.

--- Page 74 ---
11/86235560_3 
64 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central Bank, 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202303097878-2.pdf?ts=1678365127) 
and 
2023 
(which can be viewed online at https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202403145630-
1.pdf?ts=1710405856), in each case, prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as approved by the EU (referred to herein as "IFRS") pursuant to the 
Norwegian Accounting Act Section 3-9 including the information set out at the following pages of 
the Issuer's 'Annual Report 2022' and 'Annual Report 2021', respectively: 
 
2023 
2022 
Income statement 
page 132 
page 188 
Comprehensive income statement 
page 132 
page 188 
Balance sheet 
page 133 
page 189 
Statement of changes in equity 
page 134 
page 190 
Cash flow statement 
page 135 
page 191 
Accounting principles 
pages 136 - 144 
pages 192 – 202  
Other notes to the accounts 
pages 145 - 210 
pages 203 – 274  
Auditor's report 
pages 260 - 265 
pages 322 – 328  
 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 
March 
2024 
(which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/pr/202404235772-3.pdf?ts=1713963397) including the 
information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's "First quarter report 2024": 
Income statement 
pages 10 and 24 
Comprehensive income statement 
pages 10 and 24 
Balance sheet 
pages 11 and 25 
Statement of changes in equity 
pages 12 and 26 
Cash flow statement 
Page 13 
Notes 
pages 14 to 23 and 27 to 29 
 
The interim financial statements are prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial 
Reporting.  
Any non-incorporated parts of the "First quarter report 2024" are either not relevant for an investor 
or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(c) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from the following prospectuses/base 
prospectuses/offering circulars relating to the Programme:  
(i) 
Prospectus dated dated 7 September 2007 (pages 50-80 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online at https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/c97014CCL.pdf); 
(ii) 
Prospectus dated 7 September 2010 (pages 60-95 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DnB%20FINAL%20PROSPECTUS.pdf); 
(iii) 
Prospectus dated 9 October 2012 (pages 56-94 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/funding/EMTN_PROGRAMME_EUR45BILLION_dated_9_october_2012.pdf); 
(iv) 
Prospectus dated 20 May 2015 (pages 62-105 inclusive) (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.dnb.no/portalfront/nedlast/en/about-
us/ir/presentations/2015/DNB_Bank_EMTN_programme_2015_Final.pdf);

--- Page 75 ---
11/86235560_3 
65 
(v) 
Prospectus dated 28 January 2019 (pages 90-146 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_EMTN_update_2019_-_FINAL_-
_Base_Prospectus.pdf);  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2020 (pages 84-150 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB_EMTN_U20_-_Prospectus.pdf); and 
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 (pages 89-163 inclusive) (which can be viewed online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB%20EMTN%202021%20Update%20-%20
Base%20Prospectus%20(FINAL%20-%2012.05.2021).PDF); 
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2022 (pages 101-175 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB%20EMTN%202022%20Update%20-%20
Base%20Prospectus%20%5B27.04.2022%5D.pdf); and 
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 April 2023 (pages 104-191 inclusive) (which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/sites/default/files/DNB%20EMTN%202023%20-%20Base%20Pr
ospectus%20.pdf).  
Any other information not listed in (a), (b) and (c) above but incorporated by reference is for information 
purposes only. Any non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to above are either not relevant for 
an investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement to this Base Prospectus may be prepared 
by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained upon request, free 
of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time 
being in London. 
The Issuer has undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and 
Sale") that, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes or 
any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
11/86235560_3 
66 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein. An overview of the terms and conditions of the Programme and the Notes is set out in 
"Overview of the Programme" above. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as modified by Part A of 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement attached to, or 
endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will only be valid for listing Notes on 
Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange in the EEA or on the SIX Swiss Exchange, in an aggregate 
nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes 
previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €45,000,000,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to the 
relevant Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on which 
agreement is reached for the issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London, in each case on the basis 
of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the 
London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer 
on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to the relevant Notes) and other Notes 
issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference 
to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 77 ---
11/86235560_3 
67 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, registered form or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated 
book-entry form. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note without Coupons or Talons (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes") which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchanged either for interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (subject to such notice period as is specified in the Final Terms or, as the 
case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement), for definitive Bearer Notes on or after the date (the 
"Exchange Date") which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and 
(ii) 40 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche. Such exchange will be made only 
upon delivery of written certification to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to 
the effect that the beneficial owner of such Notes is not located in the United States and is not a U.S. person 
or other person who has purchased such Notes for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. persons and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has given a like certification (based on the 
certification it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Notes occurs whilst such Notes are represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the extent 
that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as 
the case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any further requirement for certification. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes 
of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will specify that 
either (i) a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached upon not less than 60 
days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as 
described therein, or (ii) a Permanent Bearer Global Note (which is not a Swiss Domestic Note) will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, 
Coupons and Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. 
"Exchange Event" means (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available, or (iii) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 
8 which would not be required were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in 
definitive bearer form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or

--- Page 78 ---
11/86235560_3 
68 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The above exchange option should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000". Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction 
is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by Temporary 
Bearer Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Swiss Domestic Notes 
Swiss Domestic Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be represented upon issue by a Swiss Global 
Note. The Swiss Global Note shall be signed by the Issuer and authenticated by or on behalf of the Swiss 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The Swiss Global Note will be deposited by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent on or about the issue date of 
the Tranche with the Intermediary in accordance with standard Swiss market practice until final redemption 
of the Swiss Domestic Notes or the printing of definitive Bearer Notes in respect thereof. Payments of 
principal, interest (if any), or any other amounts on a Swiss Global Note will be made through the 
Intermediary without any requirement for certification. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and the accounts of one or more participants 
of the Intermediary have been credited in accordance therewith, the Swiss Domestic Notes will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in accordance with the provisions of 
the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Noteholder shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss Global Note 
to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Swiss Global Note remains 
deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Domestic 
Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss 
Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the entry of the transferred Swiss 
Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held through each 
participant in that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated 
Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the persons holding such Swiss Domestic Notes 
in a securities account in their own name, or in the case of Intermediaries, the Intermediaries holding the 
Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities account which is in their name. The terms 
"Noteholder" and "holder" of Swiss Domestic Notes and related expressions as used herein shall, in 
relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, be construed 
accordingly, other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on Swiss Domestic Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the Swiss Global Note shall be treated as the holder of such Swiss Domestic 
Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Swiss Global Note. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of definitive 
Bearer Notes. Interests in the Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes if the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (i) determines that the presentation of definitive 
Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the 
enforcement of rights, or (ii) deems the printing and delivery of definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or 
desirable for any other reason. Should the Swiss Principal Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for 
the printing of definitive Bearer Notes without cost to the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Swiss Global Note will be cancelled and the definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the 
holders against cancellation of the Swiss Domestic Notes in the holders' securities accounts.

--- Page 79 ---
11/86235560_3 
69 
General provisions applicable to Bearer Notes 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons which have an original maturity 
of more than one year (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes): 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States persons, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons. 
Form of Registered Notes 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, the Registered Notes of 
each Tranche of such Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Reg. S Global Note, which will either 
(i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the accounts of their respective participants or (ii) be deposited 
with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Prior to expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Reg. S Global Note may not be offered or sold 
within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in 
Condition 14 and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
Reg. S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche of such Series may only be offered and sold in the United States or to 
U.S. persons in private transactions: (i) to QIBs; or (ii) to Institutional Accredited Investors who agree to 
purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered 
Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Global Note which will be deposited 
with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof. The Restricted Global Note and the Registered Notes in 
definitive form issued to Institutional Accredited Investors will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer 
set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the persons 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in Brussels) immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of 
interest on the Registered Notes will be made on the relevant payment date to the person in whose name 
such Notes are registered on the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(c)) immediately preceding such 
payment date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Notes will be made to the 
person shown on the register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 80 ---
11/86235560_3 
70 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to exchange or transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
Form of VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of VPS Notes, 
the Issuer will send a letter to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager (the 
"VPS Letter"), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, in the form of Pricing Supplement attached thereto. On notification to the 
VPS Account Manager of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS 
Account Manager will credit each subscriber's subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes will 
take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
General 
Save as provided in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes, for so 
long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or so long as DTC or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note, or so 
long as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or 
the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such clearing system as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, save in the case of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form of statement or print out of electronic records 
provided by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not 
being VPS Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose, in 
the case of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note, in 
the case of Registered Global Notes, the registered holder or, in the case of Notes where DTC or its nominee 
is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or its nominee shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder 
of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
and/or the Intermediary, as applicable. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary 
and/or the VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional 
or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with the ICSDs in respect of any Notes issued in NGN form or to 
be held under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS") that the Issuer may request be made eligible for 
settlement with the ICSDs (the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that 
the ICSDs will, in respect of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the 
issue outstanding amount and will, upon the Issuer's request, produce a statement for the Issuer's use 
showing the local nominal amount of its customer holdings of such Notes as of a specified date. 
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form or are to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement will also indicate 
whether such global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
Any indication that the global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the

--- Page 81 ---
11/86235560_3 
71 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 82 ---
11/86235560_3 
72 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended [("EUWA")] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
Distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(the "EUWA")][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA") and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP

--- Page 83 ---
11/86235560_3 
73 
Regulations 2018")the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be (a) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 1 
[Date] 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") ([together,] the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on DNB Bank 
ASA (the "Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of a Series which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in 
the base prospectus dated 29 April 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation ([together,] the 
"Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the 
"Issuer") and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website of [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]. 
The Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation has 
approved the Base Prospectus as having been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
 
 
1 
 Legend to be included if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as "capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products" and "Specified Investment Products" pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider 
whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuerprior to the launch of 
the offer pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 84 ---
11/86235560_3 
74 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [•] below, which is expected 
to occur on or about (date)]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 Series: 
[•] 
 Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from (insert date) (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] [and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].] 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount) 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]  
(For Fixed RateNotes or Reset Notes – specify date. 
For Floating Rate Notes – specify Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SARON / SONIA / SOFR 
/ TONA / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW] +/- [•] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 85 ---
11/86235560_3 
75 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[15/16/17/18]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. / [•] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 
16 below and identify there)] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Calculation Agent:  
[•] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[19/20])] 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
[Board][General 
Assembly] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
interest periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day]

--- Page 86 ---
11/86235560_3 
76 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[[•] month] [EURIBOR / STIBOR 
/ NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR / SOFR / 
SONIA / SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SARON / 
TONA]] 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen 
/ Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
[[5/10/[•]] 
[[London 
Banking 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]/[Tokyo 
Banking 
Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining 
bullets below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be 'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/360/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [Zurich Banking Days] 
[Tokyo Banking Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [Zurich Banking Days] 
[Tokyo Banking Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or

--- Page 87 ---
11/86235560_3 
77 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
- 
SARON Rate 
Cut-Off Date: 
[       ] Zurich Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
SARON where the Observation Method is specified 
as "Payment Delay") 
 
- 
SARON 
Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[       ] Zurich Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
SARON where the Observation Method is specified 
as "Payment Delay") 
 
- 
TONA 
Rate 
Cut-Off Date: 
[       ] Tokyo Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
TONA where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
- 
TONA 
Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[       ] Tokyo Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
TONA where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of 
each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which  
T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) 
applies] [The [first] London Banking Day falling 
after the end of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
 
(in the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) 
applies] [The [first] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling after the end of the relevant 
Observation Period]

--- Page 88 ---
11/86235560_3 
78 
 
 
(in the case of SARON):  [The [first] Zurich Banking 
Day falling after the end of the relevant Observation 
Period] 
 
 
(in the case of TONA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) 
applies] [The [first] Tokyo Banking Day falling after 
the end of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
"p" 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate) 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending 
on market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if one

--- Page 89 ---
11/86235560_3 
79 
of Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC or 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
SARON 
or 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
TONA 
is 
"Applicable") 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable) 
(xvi) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
SARON (Condition 5(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SARON", "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON" 
should be specified as applicable) 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
TONA (Condition 5(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"TONA", "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA" 
should be specified as applicable) 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up, from and including [•]]  
to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT 
Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
11/86235560_3 
80 
 
(xv) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on an 
Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity (calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
(If the Agent is the Calculation Agent, Calculation 
Agent Determination should not be selected unless 
otherwise agreed with the Agent) 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xxii) 
Reset 
Determination 
 
Time:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) CMT 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxiv) Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
ARRC 
is 
"Applicable") 
 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" 
should be specified as applicable)

--- Page 91 ---
11/86235560_3 
81 
 
(xxvi) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – 
SARON (Condition 5(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SARON", "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON" 
should be specified as applicable) 
(xxvii) Benchmark Discontinuation – 
TONA (Condition 5(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"TONA", "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA" 
should be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxviii) Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND SUBSTITUTION/VARIATION 
19. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•][Any day falling in the period commencing on 
(and including) [•] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity 
Date]/[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition 7(c): 
[•][See Condition 7(c)] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may

--- Page 92 ---
11/86235560_3 
82 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Residual Holding Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Holding Percentage: 
[75] / [        ] per cent. 
(ii) 
Residual Holding Redemption 
Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] / [As per Condition 
7(n)] 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if the Residual Holding Redemption 
Amount is specified as a fixed amount per 
Calculation Amount) 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Residual 
Holding 
Redemption Amount (if not the 
Independent Adviser): 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Benchmark Security: 
[        ] 
(v) 
Benchmark Spread: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(vi) 
Benchmark Day Count Fraction: 
[        ] 
(vii) 
Residual Call Reference Date: 
[        ] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Redemption for Tax Reasons – notice 
period if other than as set out in Condition 
7(b): 
[•][ See Condition 7(b)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
25. 
Redemption upon occurrence of Capital 
Event 
and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(j)] applies /Not 
Applicable (If applicable, specify the amount 
payable on redemption following a Capital Event)] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 93 ---
11/86235560_3 
83 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition [7(j)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(j)]] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
26. 
Redemption upon occurrence of MREL 
Disqualification Event and amounts 
payable on redemption therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(k)]  applies/Not 
Applicable (If applicable, specify the amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
following a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event)] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition [7(k)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(k)]] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
27. 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition [[7(l)/7(m)]] applies/Not 
Applicable] 
(Condition [7(l)] is relevant for Subordinated Notes 
and Condition [7(m)] is relevant for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as set 
out in Condition [7(l)/7(m)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(l)/7(m)]] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not 
less than 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]]

--- Page 94 ---
11/86235560_3 
84 
 
 
[Reg. S Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC] 
 
 
[Definitive Registered Notes] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry 
form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 16(iv) relates) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 95 ---
11/86235560_3 
85 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo 
Stock Exchange] and listed on the official list of [Euronext 
Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] with effect from [•]] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue use:) 
 
 
[The original Notes were admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of [Euronext Dublin]/[Oslo Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to the official list of [Euronext Dublin] [Oslo Stock 
Exchange] on [•]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated (insert details) by (insert credit rating agency name(s) 
and associated defined terms). Each of (defined terms) is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. However, the application 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of 
(insert the name of the relevant EU CRA affiliate that applied 
for registration), which is established in the European Union, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of (insert 
credit rating agency).] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. The ratings [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by (insert the name of

--- Page 96 ---
11/86235560_3 
86 
the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009. (Insert the 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency) is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009.] 
 
 
[(Insert credit rating agency) is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, but it is certified in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Need to include a 
description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest.) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD: (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP Number: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and SIX SIS Ltd 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes]

--- Page 97 ---
11/86235560_3 
87 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the NSS,] (include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS] (include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS). Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C unless TEFRA is not applicable) 
 
[(vi) 
Whether sales to QIBs 
under 
Rule 
144A 
and/or 
private 
placement 
sales 
to 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/Rule 144A and Institutional 
Accredited Investors/No]

--- Page 98 ---
11/86235560_3 
88 
Institutional 
Accredited Investors in 
the United States are 
permitted to be made:] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
 
(x) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to   
Institutional 
Investors 
and Accredited Investors 
only: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION: 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated 
by reference to [specify benchmark] / [in the case of Reset 
Notes, insert name[s] of benchmark(s)]], which [is/are] 
provided by [insert name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")].] 
[(repeat as necessary)]] 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 99 ---
11/86235560_3 
89 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] /[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
issue of the Notes are intended to be used towards financing 
and/or refinancing a portfolio of Eligible Green Loans  under 
the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. See the second 
paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus for 
further details.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 100 ---
11/86235560_3 
90 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 as amended or superseded (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(the "EUWA")][EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA][UK MiFIR]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, (as modified or amended from time to time the "SFA") and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP 
Regulations 2018") the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be (a) capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 2 
[Date] 
 
 
 
2 
Legend to be included if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as "capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products" and "Specified Investment Products" pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether 
it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuerprior to the launch of the 
offer pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 101 ---
11/86235560_3 
91 
DNB Bank ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€45,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the 
Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus].3 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
1. 
Issuer: 
DNB Bank ASA 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [•] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about (date)]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[Series: 
[•] 
 
[Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from (insert date) (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•][and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
 
 
3 
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a 
Prospectus with a different date.

--- Page 102 ---
11/86235560_3 
92 
 
 
(N.B. Include the wording in square brackets above, 
where Bearer Notes are being issued which have 
denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount) 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]  
(For Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes – specify date. For 
Floating Rate Notes – specify Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SARON / SONIA / SOFR / / 
TONA / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR 
/ SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / other] [+/-[•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Reset Notes] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[15/16/17/18]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. / [•] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below 
and identify there) [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Calculation Agent:  
[•] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below, see paragraph 
[19/20])] 
14. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred] 
[Senior Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 103 ---
11/86235560_3 
93 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular interest 
periods) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling /on [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Preceding Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[•]/[Calculation Agent]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [[[•] month] [EURIBOR / SONIA / 
SOFR / STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR 
/SIBOR / PRIBOR / BBSW / SARON / TONA 
 
• 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London / Brussels / Stockholm / Oslo / Copenhagen / 
Tokyo / Hong Kong / Singapore / Prague / Sydney] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[•] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 104 ---
11/86235560_3 
94 
 
- 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
[[5/10/[•]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]/[Tokyo Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining bullets 
below) 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number 
of days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be 
'Not Applicable') 
 
- 
"D": 
[365/360/[•]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Lag Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [Zurich Banking Days] 
[Tokyo Banking Days]] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[•] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [Zurich Banking Days] 
[Tokyo Banking Days]] [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Agent/Calculation Agent) 
 
- 
SARON 
Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
[       ] Zurich Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
SARON where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
- 
SARON 
Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[       ] Zurich Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
SARON where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
- 
TONA Rate 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[       ] Tokyo Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
TONA where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
- 
TONA 
Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[       ] Tokyo Banking Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(To be included for Notes referencing Compounded 
TONA where the Observation Method is specified as 
"Payment Delay") 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[[•] London Banking Days prior to the end of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR): [Second day on which  T2 is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 105 ---
11/86235560_3 
95 
 
 
(In the case of STIBOR): [Second Stockholm business 
day prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of NIBOR): [Second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of CIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TIBOR): [Second Tokyo business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of HIBOR): [First day of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SIBOR): [Second Singapore business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of PRIBOR): [Second Prague business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of BBSW): [Second Sydney business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SONIA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) applies] 
[The [first ] London Banking Day falling after the end 
of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SOFR): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) applies] 
[The  [first] U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling after the end of the relevant Observation Period] 
 
 
(In the case of SARON): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) applies]  
[The [first] Zurich Banking Day falling after the end of 
the relevant Observation Period] 
 
 
(In the case of TONA): [Condition 5(b)(ii)(B) applies]  
[The [first] Tokyo Banking Day falling after the end of 
the relevant Observation Period] 
 
• 
"p": 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fall back provisions appropriately) 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•]

--- Page 106 ---
11/86235560_3 
96 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period) 
 
 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant 
time) 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser 
(Condition 5(d)): 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if one of 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC or Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
SARON 
or 
Benchamrk 
Discontinuation – TONA is "Applicable") 
 
(xv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable)

--- Page 107 ---
11/86235560_3 
97 
(xvi) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– SARON (Condition 5(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SARON", "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON" 
should be specified as applicable) 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– TONA (Condition 5(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"TONA", "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA" should 
be specified as applicable) 
17. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[[•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up[, from and including [•]] to 
and including the Maturity Date 
 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Second Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•] [and [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xii) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate]/[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate] 
 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
(xv) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[•]/[Overnight SONIA rate compounded for the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on an 
Actual/365 day count basis)]/[Overnight SOFR rate 
compounded for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated 
on 
an 
Actual/360 
day 
count 
basis)]/[EURIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day

--- Page 108 ---
11/86235560_3 
98 
count basis)]/[NIBOR (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(xix) 
Specified Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Prior Rate of Interest or 
Calculation 
Agent 
Determination applicable: 
[Prior 
Rate 
of 
Interest/Calculation 
Agent 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
(If the Agent is the Calculation Agent, Calculation Agent 
Determination should not be selected unless otherwise 
agreed with the Agent) 
 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 
/ 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xxii) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) CMT Reset Determination 
Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
 
(xxiv) Benchmark Discontinuation 
– 
Independent 
Adviser 
(Condition 5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
should only be specified as "Not Applicable" if one of 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC or Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
– 
SARON 
or 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation – TONA is "Applicable") 
 
(xxv) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
– ARRC (Condition 5(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SOFR", "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" should 
be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxvi) Benchmark Discontinuation 
– SARON (Condition 5(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"SARON", "Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON" 
should be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxvii) Benchmark Discontinuation 
– TONA (Condition 5(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Reference Rate for the Floating Rate Notes is 
"TONA", "Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA" should 
be specified as applicable) 
 
(xxviii) Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
11/86235560_3 
99 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND SUBSTITUTION/VARIATION 
19. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•][Any day falling in the period commencing on (and 
including) [•] and ending on ([and including/but 
excluding]) [the [first] Reset Date]/[the Maturity Date]/ 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Higher Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period if other than as 
set out in Condition 7(c): 
[•] [See Condition 7(c)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 110 ---
11/86235560_3 
100 
21.  Residual Holding Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Residual Holding Percentage: 
[75] / [        ] per cent. 
Residual 
Holding 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] / [As per Condition 
7(n)] 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph 
if the Residual Holding Redemption Amount is specified 
as a fixed amount per Calculation Amount) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Residual 
Holding 
Redemption 
Amount (if not the Independent 
Adviser): 
[         ] 
Benchmark Security: 
[        ] 
Benchmark Spread: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
Benchmark Day Count Fraction: 
[        ] 
Residual Call Reference Date: 
[        ] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Redemption for Tax Reasons – notice 
period if other than as set out in 
Condition 7(b): 
[•][See Condition 7(b)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
25. 
Redemption upon occurrence of 
Capital Event and amounts payable on 
redemption therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(j)] applies /Not Applicable 
(If applicable, specify the amount payable on 
redemption following a Capital Event)] 
(Only relevant for Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as 
set out in Condition [7(j)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(j)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
26. 
Redemption upon occurrence of 
MREL Disqualification Event and 
amounts 
payable 
on 
redemption 
therefor: 
[Applicable – Condition [7(k)]  applies/Not Applicable 
(If applicable, specify the amount payable on 
redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event)] 
(Only relevant for Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes)

--- Page 111 ---
11/86235560_3 
101 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as 
set out in Condition [7(k)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(k)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
27. 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition [[7(l)/7(m)]] applies/Not 
Applicable] 
(Condition [7(l)] is relevant for Subordinated Notes and 
Condition [7(m)] is relevant for Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
(i) 
Notice period if other than as 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
[7(l)/7(m)]:  
[•] [See Condition [7(l)/7(m)]] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes [on not less than 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange Date 
on [•] days' notice given at any time]] 
 
 
[Swiss Global Note] 
 
 
[Reg. S Global Note ([•] nominal amount) registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Note ([•] nominal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC] 
 
 
[Definitive Registered Notes] 
 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book-entry form] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
29. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment, and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 16(iv) relates) 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive

--- Page 112 ---
11/86235560_3 
102 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
31. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]] 
SIGNED on behalf of DNB BANK ASA: 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 113 ---
11/86235560_3 
103 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the standard for bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange 
with effect from [•]. The last trading day is expected to be 
(two business days prior to the Maturity Date). 
 
 
Application for definitive listing on the standard for bonds 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable and, if granted, will only be granted after the 
Issue Date. 
 
 
Representation 
 
 
In accordance with Article 58a of the Listing Rules of the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, [          ] has been appointed by the 
Issuer as representative to lodge the listing application with 
the SIX Exchange Regulation. 
 
 
Documents Available 
 
 
Copies of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus 
are available at [•].] 
 
 
(Need to include for Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)] 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of the 
Notes are different to those stated in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE: 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
Reasons for the offer: 
[If reasons differ from disclosure in Base Prospectus, give 
details here] / [See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Green Bonds – An amount equal to the net proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended to be used towards 
financing and/or refinancing a portfolio of Eligible Green 
Loans under the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. See the 
second paragraph of "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus for further details.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION: 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•]

--- Page 114 ---
11/86235560_3 
104 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Swiss Security Number: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
CUSIP Number: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
CFI: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
(vi) 
FISN: 
[[See/[•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable 
/ Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and SIX SIS Ltd 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s))/Verdipapirsentralen, 
Norway. 
VPS 
identification number: [•]. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain certain information from the register maintained by 
the VPS for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
the issue of VPS Notes] 
 
(viii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (including, in 
the 
case 
of 
Swiss 
Domestic 
Notes, 
the 
Swiss Principal Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying 
Agent(s)) (if any): 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] (include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS) and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS]

--- Page 115 ---
11/86235560_3 
105 
(include this text for Registered Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS). Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
 
(If "yes" is specified above, Bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION: 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
D/TEFRA 
D 
(Swiss 
Exemption)/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. TEFRA D (Swiss Exemption) is available for Swiss 
Domestic Notes only) 
 
 
(N.B. VPS Notes must be issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C) 
 
[(vi) 
Whether sales to QIBs 
under Rule 144A and/or 
private placement sales 
to 
Institutional 
Accredited Investors in 
the United States are 
permitted to be made:] 
[Yes: Rule 144A only/Rule 144A and Institutional 
Accredited Investors/No] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or 
the Notes do constitute packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 116 ---
11/86235560_3 
106 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction) 
 
(x) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to   
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
7. 
[INFORMATION IN RELATION TO SWISS DOMESTIC NOTES AND NOTES 
LISTED ON THE SIX SWISS EXCHANGE ONLY: 
 
(i) 
No Material Change: 
There has been no material change in the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits or losses since (insert 
date of most recent annual or interim financial statements). 
 
(ii) 
Notices: 
For so long as any Swiss Global Note representing the Notes 
is deposited with the Intermediary [and in the event that the 
Notes are no longer listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange], any 
notices or publications to be made to holders will be made 
as provided in Condition 16 by publishing the relevant 
notice on the following website: [•]. 
[Wording to be included in the Pricing Supplement that only 
the Base Prospectus and the Pricing Supplement together 
form the listing prospectus as per the listing rules of the SIX 
Swiss Exchange.] 
 
(iii) 
Notices to the Issuer: 
[specify/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 117 ---
11/86235560_3 
107 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer and any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: "DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organised under the New 
York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
"clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing 
agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the United States Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants"), including 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need 
for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number 
of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc., 
and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below 
and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which 
beneficial owners of DTC Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner") have accounts with respect to the DTC 
Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf 
of their respective Beneficial Owners. Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold DTC Notes 
through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue 
of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments on behalf of, and will be able to transfer the interest of, the Beneficial Owners in respect of the 
DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner 
is in turn recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' records. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
written confirmation from DTC of their purchase but are expected to receive written confirmations 
regarding details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or 
Indirect Participants through which the Beneficial Owners entered into the transaction. Transfers of 
ownership interests in the DTC Notes are accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership 
interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that the use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is 
discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their 
registration in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge 
of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings 
on behalf of their customers.

--- Page 118 ---
11/86235560_3 
108 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC. DTC's 
practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts, upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, on the payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings shown on DTC's records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on the payment date. Payments by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants and by Direct 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such Direct Participants and Indirect Participants and not of DTC, the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to Cede & Co. is the responsibility of the Issuer 
or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or Paying Agent, as the case may be. Disbursement of payment 
received by DTC to Direct Participants shall be the responsibility of DTC. 
The laws of some states within the United States may require that certain persons take physical delivery of 
securities in definitive form. Consequently, any transfer of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
to such persons may require that such interests be exchanged for Registered Notes in definitive form. 
Because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants which, in turn, act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, the ability of a person having a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take action in respect 
of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical registered certificate. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to DTC Notes at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. Under such 
circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depositary is not obtained, Registered Notes in 
definitive form would be delivered to individual Beneficial Owners. In addition, the Issuer may decide to 
discontinue use of the system of book-entry transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depositary). 
In that event, Registered Notes in definitive form would be delivered to individual Beneficial Owners. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.

--- Page 119 ---
11/86235560_3 
109 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (save for paragraphs in italics, which are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions) are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The following Terms and Conditions are also 
applicable to VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other 
than statements of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected 
only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the VPS. Part A of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or 
modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the 
Notes" for a description of the content of the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by DNB Bank ASA (the "Issuer") pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
(in the case of Bearer Notes), definitive Bearer Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a 
global Note; 
(iii) 
(in the case of Registered Notes) definitive Registered Notes; 
(iv) 
any global Note (including a Swiss Global Note (as defined below)); and 
(v) 
Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen 
("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", respectively). 
References herein to "Exempt Notes" shall be references to Notes (including Swiss Domestic Notes (as 
defined below)) for which no prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement (such Amended and Restated Agency Agreement as amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 29 April 2024, and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent, agent bank and paying agent (the "Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent, and together with any additional paying agents, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent", which expressions shall include any successor paying agents), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Exchange Agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor exchange agent), Citibank Europe PLC as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as transfer agent (together with any 
additional transfer agents the "Transfer Agents" and each a "Transfer Agent" which expressions shall 
include any successor transfer agent). Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated 
book-entry form in accounts with the VPS. DNB Bank ASA, Verdipapirservice (the "VPS Account 
Manager") will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect of VPS Notes. 
In respect of each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Swiss principal paying agent (the "Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent") and the other Swiss paying agents (together with the Swiss Principal Paying Agent, the 
"Swiss Paying Agents") for such Swiss Domestic Notes will be specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. All references herein to the "Agent" and the "Paying Agents" shall, so far as the context 
permits, be deemed to include, respectively, the Swiss Principal Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agents 
and/or any other paying agent appointed in Switzerland from time to time in connection with the Swiss 
Domestic Notes. In respect of each Tranche of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Issuer shall enter into a

--- Page 120 ---
11/86235560_3 
110 
Supplemental Agency Agreement (substantially in the form of Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement) with, 
inter alia, the Swiss Paying Agents, copies of which will be obtainable during normal business hours at the 
specified offices of the Swiss Paying Agents. 
Interest-bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons 
or talons. 
The final terms of this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in, (i) in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes which 
completes these Terms and Conditions, or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement") which replaces or modifies these Terms and Conditions and may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Exempt Note. References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are 
(except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any references in these 
Terms and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no global or definitive 
Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Terms and Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices (in each case, as 
such terms are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (as amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 19 April 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of 
the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are obtainable during normal business hours 
by prior appointment at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is an 
Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
If this Note is admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 121 ---
11/86235560_3 
111 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), registered form ("Registered Notes") or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book-entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Save as provided in Condition 13, Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This Note is a Preferred Note, a Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement), 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be liable for so doing 
but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph, and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a 
book entry in the records of the VPS. Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers 
between the direct or indirect accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of the VPS. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Save as provided below in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes, for so long as any of the Notes is 
represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or for so long as The Depository Trust 
Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Note or so long 
as the Note is a VPS Note, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC 
or the VPS, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or the VPS, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by such 
clearing system as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall, 
save in the case of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes, including any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Agent, the Replacement Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being VPS 
Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose, in the 
case of Notes represented by a bearer global Note, the bearer of the relevant bearer global Note or, 
in the case of Notes represented by Registered Global Notes, the registered holder or, in the case 
of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, DTC or its nominee 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 122 ---
11/86235560_3 
112 
Bearer Notes which are denominated in Swiss Francs may be represented upon issue by a 
permanent bearer global note (a "Swiss Global Note") substantially in the form set out in Schedule 
7 to the Agency Agreement ("Swiss Domestic Notes"). The Swiss Global Note will be deposited 
with SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss Securities Services Corporation located in Olten, Switzerland ("SIS") 
or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purpose by the SIX Swiss Exchange 
Ltd (the "SIX Swiss Exchange") (SIS or any such other intermediary, the "Intermediary") until 
final redemption of the Swiss Domestic Notes or the printing of definitive Bearer Notes. 
Once the Swiss Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Intermediary have been credited in accordance therewith, the Swiss Domestic 
Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Noteholder shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Swiss 
Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Swiss 
Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended 
and the Swiss Domestic Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of in accordance with 
the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz), i.e., by the 
entry of the transferred Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Domestic Notes held through 
each participant in that Intermediary. In respect of Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, the holders of the Swiss Domestic Notes will be the persons holding such 
Swiss Domestic Notes in a securities account in their own name, or in the case of Intermediaries, 
the Intermediaries holding the Swiss Domestic Notes for their own account in a securities account 
which is in their name. The terms "Noteholder" and "holder" of Swiss Domestic Notes and related 
expressions as used herein shall, in relation to any such Swiss Domestic Notes held in the form of 
Intermediated Securities, be construed accordingly, other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on Swiss Domestic Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the Swiss Global 
Note shall be treated as the holder of such Swiss Domestic Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Swiss Global Note. 
Holders of Swiss Domestic Notes do not have the right to request the printing and delivery of 
definitive Bearer Notes. Interests in the Swiss Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Bearer Notes if the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (i) determines that the 
presentation of definitive Bearer Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and 
regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights or (ii) deems the printing and delivery of 
definitive Bearer Notes to be useful or desirable for any other reason. Should the Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Bearer Notes without cost 
to the holders. Upon delivery of the definitive Bearer Notes, the Swiss Global Note will be 
cancelled and the definitive Bearer Notes shall be delivered to the holders against cancellation of 
the Swiss Domestic Notes in the holders' securities accounts. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC and/or the Intermediary and/or the VPS, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the VPS shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and references to "Notes" in this Condition 2 shall be construed accordingly. 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) at 
least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, present and future, from time to time

--- Page 123 ---
11/86235560_3 
113 
outstanding. So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer undertakes to ensure that the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes rank 
and will rank at least pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and with all its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations under guarantees of obligations 
of third parties, in each case except for any obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law. 
3. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be issued on terms such that they (i) have an original 
contractual maturity of at least one year and (ii) do not contain embedded derivatives and are not 
derivatives themselves for the purposes of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 20-32 
first paragraph number four (implementing Article 108(2) of the BRRD). 
This Condition 3 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" in this Condition 3 shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(a) 
Status and Ranking 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, will at 
all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, subject as 
otherwise provided by applicable law from time to time, form part of the class of Statutory 
Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up 
Subject as otherwise provided by applicable law from time to time, in the event of a 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way of public administration 
(except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of the holders of Notes against 
the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes (including any accrued but unpaid 
interest amount, any other amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with claims in respect of Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any other 
Statutory Non-Preferred Obligations, if any; 
(iii) 
in priority to claims in respect of Non-Preferred Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
(c) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May, 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June, 2014, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by the Creditor Hierarchy 
Directive and amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019) or, as the case may be, any 
provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such Directive (as amended). 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, or any 
equivalent legislation.

--- Page 124 ---
11/86235560_3 
114 
"Excluded Winding-up" means a solvent liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the 
Issuer solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation, as the 
case may be, of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of the holders of the Notes and do not provide that the Notes 
thereby become redeemable or repayable. 
"Non-Preferred Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and 
any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the 
Notes (including, inter alia, Subordinated Notes and Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations (each as defined in Condition 4)). 
"Non-Preferred Parity Securities" means any unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, pari passu with the Notes. 
"Norwegian Financial Institutions Act" means the Norwegian Act on Financial 
Institutions and Financial Groups of 10 April, 2015 No. 17 (Lov om finansforetak og 
finanskonsern av 10. April 2015 No. 17), as amended or superseded from time to time. 
"Senior Creditors" means (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) all unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer including, inter alia, holders of Senior Preferred Notes other than creditors 
in respect of any Non-Preferred Parity Securities and any Statutory Non-Preferred 
Obligations, if any. 
"Statutory Non-Preferred Obligations" means, obligations of the Issuer forming part of 
the senior non-preferred ranking class as described in the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Act Section 20-32 first paragraph number four (implementing Article 108(2) of the BRRD, 
being unsecured debt instruments that meet the following conditions: 
(i) 
the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one year; 
(ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives 
themselves; and 
(iii) 
the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance, explicitly refers to the lower ranking under such 
paragraph. 
4. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes  
This Condition 4 applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "holders" in this Condition 4 shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(a) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Notes constitute dated, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer, and will 
at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Notes are 
subordinated as described below in this Condition 4. The Notes do not have the benefit of 
a guarantee from any person and/or legal entity. 
(b) 
Ranking 
 
(i) Ranking as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: It is the intention of the Issuer that the 
Notes will, upon issue, qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and the Group. Subject 
to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (as defined below)), for so long as the Notes or any part thereof qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, they will constitute Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations and shall rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 
4(c) below.

--- Page 125 ---
11/86235560_3 
115 
(ii) Ranking upon Disqualification from Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: Subject to 
mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), if, at any time, the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator determines that the 
Notes have ceased to be, or are not, Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, they shall upon 
such determination immediately and automatically (without any need for any further 
action on the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval of any Noteholder) become 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with effect from that time, rank accordingly 
in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(c) below. The Issuer shall promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 if the Notes become 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations, but any delay or failure in giving such notice shall 
not affect the change in status and ranking of the Notes from Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations 
to 
Disqualified 
Tier 
2 
Obligations. 
 
(iii) Ranking upon Re-qualification as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: Subject to 
mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), if, at any time after the Notes have become Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations, the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator determines that they re-qualify as 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, then they shall immediately and automatically (without 
any need for any further action on the part of the Issuer or the consent or approval of 
any Noteholder) constitute Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations and shall, with effect from 
that time, rank accordingly in the Priority of Claims set out in Condition 4(c) below. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 if the Notes re-qualify as Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations, but any delay or failure in 
giving such notice shall not affect the change in status and ranking of the Notes from 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations to Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations. 
 
(c) 
Priority of Claims 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by way 
of public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), claims of 
the holders of the Notes (including claims for any accrued but unpaid interest amount, any 
other amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations thereunder) will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and, subject to applicable law (and subject as provided in Condition 4(d) below with 
respect to Legacy Subordinated Obligations), as either Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations or 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations (as applicable) in accordance with the following priority 
of claims (the "Priority of Claims"): 
(i) 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified Tier 2 
Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Non-Preferred Parity Securities and Statutory Non-Preferred 
Claims; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations; 
(ii) 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in 
respect of Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; 
(iii) 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations 
shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of any other Qualifying Tier 2 
Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 
Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of Qualifying Additional Tier 
1 Obligations; 
(iv) 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations: claims in respect of Qualifying 
Additional Tier 1 Obligations shall rank: (A) pari passu with claims in respect of 
any other Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations; (B) junior to claims in respect

--- Page 126 ---
11/86235560_3 
116 
of Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations; and (C) in priority to claims in respect of (1) all 
classes of share capital of the Issuer and (2) any other obligations of the Issuer 
which by their terms or operation of law rank junior to claims in respect of 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations. 
Nothing in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer from having outstanding or creating 
obligations from time to time which, by their terms or operation of law, rank above or 
below (including in-between) any of the respective rankings of any of the obligations 
referenced in the above Priority of Claims.  
(d) 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), if, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer by 
way of public administration (except, in any such case, an Excluded Winding-up), there 
are outstanding any Legacy Subordinated Obligations the ranking of which, in the good 
faith determination of the Issuer, the Relevant Regulator or the relevant insolvency official 
of the Issuer (which determination shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the Issuer and the holders of the Notes), cannot be reconciled with the Priority of Claims 
specified above, then, subject to applicable law: 
(i) 
the ranking of the Subordinated Notes and all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer other than Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined in 
accordance with the above Priority of Claims as if such Legacy Subordinated 
Obligations were not outstanding; and 
(ii) 
the ranking of the Legacy Subordinated Obligations shall be determined on the 
basis of the terms thereof and on the assumption (whether or not this is the case) 
that the Subordinated Notes are Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations at such time. 
(e) 
Mandatory provisions of Norwegian law 
If and to the extent that the foregoing is inconsistent with mandatory provisions of 
Norwegian law (including the Applicable Banking Regulations), such mandatory 
provisions shall apply and supersede these Terms and Conditions. For the avoidance of 
doubt, such mandatory provisions shall include the provisions of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act Section 20-32 (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time). 
(f) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" (NO: annen godkjent kjernekapital) has the meaning given 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and prudential 
supervision then applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Act, the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation and the Capital Requirements 
Regulation and any other laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy and prudential supervision as then applied and interpreted in Norway 
by the Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or 
the Group, as applicable). 
"Capital Requirements Regulation" means Norwegian Regulation 22 August 2014 No. 
1097 on capital requirements and national adaption of CRR/CRD IV (NO: Forskrift om 
kapitalkrav og nasjonal tilpasning av CRR/CRD IV av 22. August 2014 nr. 1097), as 
amended or superseded from time to time."Common Equity Tier 1 Capital"  (NO: ren 
kjernekapital) has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 127 ---
11/86235560_3 
117 
"Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of 
this definition, the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such 
obligation upon issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount 
of such capital have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Additional Tier 
1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as 
Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time. 
"Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such obligation upon 
issue qualified (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
have qualified), or was intended by the Issuer to qualify, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
"Legacy Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which qualify, or have qualified, in whole or in part, as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 
2 Capital and which were issued prior to 12 May 2021. 
"Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation" means the Norwegian Regulation on 
Financial Institutions and Financial Groups of 9 December 2016 No. 1502 (Forskrift om 
finansforetak og finanskonsern av 9. desember 2016 nr. 1502), as amended or superseded 
from time to time. 
"Norwegian FSA"  means the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(Finanstilsynet) or such other agency which assumes or performs the functions which, as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes, are performed by such authority or such other or successor 
authority exercising primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential and/or 
resolution matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the Group. 
"Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any 
obligation of any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant 
time; and (b) no part of such obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations" means, at any time (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "relevant time"), any obligation of the Issuer (including any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement given by the Issuer in respect of any obligation of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer) where: (a) the whole or any part of such obligation qualifies 
(or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital qualify) as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time; and (b) no part of such 
obligation qualifies (or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital qualify) as Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group at the relevant time. 
"Relevant Regulator" means the Norwegian FSA and any successor or replacement 
thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
defined in Condition 22), in any case as determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 128 ---
11/86235560_3 
118 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to it in Sections 1-3 of the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act 1997.  
"Tier 1 Capital"  (NO: kjernekapital) has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
"Tier 2 Capital"  (NO: tilleggskapital) has the meaning given in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a) or Condition 5(c) below: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as

--- Page 129 ---
11/86235560_3 
119 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period 
begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360. 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to 
(but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"euro" refers to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial 
Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, as applicable; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the 
number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in

--- Page 130 ---
11/86235560_3 
120 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which 
expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) (or, if applicable, such earlier 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the 
"Floating Rate Convention", such Interest Payment 
Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", 
such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(5) 
the "Modified Preceding Business Day Convention", 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the previous calendar month, in 
which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 131 ---
11/86235560_3 
121 
(B) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer  System, or any successor or replacement 
for that system ("T2") is open; and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest applicable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
ISDA Benchmark Supplement (the "ISDA Definitions") and under 
which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions; and 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement 
(as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Notwithstanding anything included in the ISDA Definitions, base 
prospectus, final terms/pricing supplements, and/or any other transaction 
document (the "Transaction Documents") for any Series of Notes to the 
contrary, the Issuer agrees that the Agent (in its capacity as Calculation

--- Page 132 ---
11/86235560_3 
122 
Agent, if so appointed) will have no obligation to exercise any discretion 
(including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or substitute 
benchmarks, successor reference rates, screen pages, interest adjustment 
factors/fractions or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark amendment 
conforming changes, selection and polling of reference banks), and to the 
extent the Transaction Documents for any Series of Notes requires the 
Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretions and/or make such 
determinations, such references shall be construed as the Issuer or its 
financial adviser or alternate agent appointed by the Issuer exercising 
such discretions and/or determinations and/or actions and not the 
Calculation Agent;. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
other than Floating Rate Notes which specify the 
Reference Rate as SARON, SONIA, SOFR or TONA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" and "Term Rate" are both 
specified to be "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below and to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
Independent 
Adviser), 
Condition 
5(e) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation - 
ARRC), 
Condition 
5(f) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation - SARON) and Condition 5(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - TONA), as applicable, be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate being the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, the Reference Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes shall 
be EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, 
SIBOR, PRIBOR or BBSW, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terrms, which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent (or, as the case may be, the Calculation 
Agent) for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(1)(x) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(1)(y) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case at 
the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum)

--- Page 133 ---
11/86235560_3 
123 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent. "Reference Banks" means (i) in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or (ii) in 
the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of four major banks 
in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in 
each case selected by the Issuer. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Issuer with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the 
Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any 
other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall bear 
the following meanings: 
"BBSW" means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate;

--- Page 134 ---
11/86235560_3 
124 
"CIBOR" means the Copenhagen interbank offered rate; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and 
any specified period, the interest rate benchmark known as the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor  in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that 
rate); 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong interbank offered rate; 
"NIBOR" means the Oslo interbank offered rate; 
"PRIBOR" means the Prague interbank offered rate; 
"Reference Rate" for the purposes of this Condition 5(ii)(B)(1) 
means: EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, 
HIBOR, SIBOR, PRIBOR or BBSW, in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore interbank offered rate; 
"Specified Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm interbank offered rate; and 
"TIBOR" means the Tokyo interbank offered rate. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA and not using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided 
below 
and 
to 
Condition 
5(d) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation - Independent Adviser), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(2): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest 
Period, will be calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if

--- Page 135 ---
11/86235560_3 
125 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × D
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to "do", each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due);

--- Page 136 ---
11/86235560_3 
126 
"p" for any Interest Period, means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the 
"Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Banking Days); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means in respect of any London Banking Day "i", the 
SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA 
Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference 
Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
Fallback provisions 
If (subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation – 
Independent Adviser)), in respect of any London Banking Day 
on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be

--- Page 137 ---
11/86235560_3 
127 
determined, the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the sum of (A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
"Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which 
a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the 
latest SONIA Reference Rate determined under (1) 
above, 
in each case as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and, in each case, references to "SONIA Reference Rate" 
in this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(2) shall be construed accordingly. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(2), the 
Rate of Interest shall (subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - Independent Adviser)) be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin (if any) applicable to the first Interest Period), in each 
case as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 138 ---
11/86235560_3 
128 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate = 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SONIA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided 
below 
and 
to 
Condition 
5(d) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation - Independent Adviser), be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or in 
the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(3): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a 
percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Agent 
or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in 
the Final Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
d 
x 
Index start 
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index end 
Compounded 
SONIA 
      
    
365
1 







--- Page 139 ---
11/86235560_3 
129 
Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period). 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation - 
Independent Adviser), the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Compounded Index is not available shall be "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(ii)(B)(2) above as if "Index Determination" were specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as being "Not Applicable", and for 
these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to 
be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(4) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR and not using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided 
below 
and 
to 
Condition 
5(e) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation - ARRC), be Compounded Daily SOFR for such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, 
in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 140 ---
11/86235560_3 
130 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily U.S. dollar secured overnight 
financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Days in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Interest Period; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from (and including) the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the corresponding Interest Payment Date (or other date, if any, 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S.

--- Page 141 ---
11/86235560_3 
131 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in 
such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"p" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); 
"Reference Day" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified above does not so appear, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source;

--- Page 142 ---
11/86235560_3 
132 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is a 
Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" that is not a 
Reference Day (being a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference 
Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); or 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4), the 
Rate of Interest shall (subject to Condition 5(e)) be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin (if any) applicable to the first Interest Period), in each 
case as determined by the Agent or where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest

--- Page 143 ---
11/86235560_3 
133 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(5) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" 
are both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"SOFR" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(e) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - ARRC), be the Compounded SOFR for such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or, 
in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5): 
"Compounded SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula by the 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or where the applicable Final 
Terms, specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
where: 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" is the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Index", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means the SOFR index value as published by the 
dc 
x 
Index start 
SOFR 
Index end 
SOFR 
      
    
360 
1   
 

  
 
 


--- Page 144 ---
11/86235560_3 
134 
SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
"SOFR IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
Fallback provisions 
If, subject to Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Discontinuation - 
ARRC), as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the 
relevant SOFR Index is not published or displayed on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website by the SOFR Administrator, the 
Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Period for which 
the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be deemed to be 
the "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4) above as 
if "Index Determination" were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as being "Not Applicable", and for these purposes: (i) the 
"Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation 
Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to 
be equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days, as if such alternative elections had been made in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(6) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SARON and not using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable";

--- Page 145 ---
11/86235560_3 
135 
(ii)  
" SARON" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - SARON) be the sum of Compounded SARON 
with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(6): 
"Compounded SARON" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the sixth decimal place, with 0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined in accordance with the following 
formula by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of Zurich Banking Days in: 
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period; 
or 
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
"i" means for any interest period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich 
Banking Day in: 
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the

--- Page 146 ---
11/86235560_3 
136 
relevant 
Interest 
Period; 
or 
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation 
Period, 
 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following Zurich Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling "p" Zurich 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date which is "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due); 
"p" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of Zurich 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is 
specified, five Zurich Banking Days), or  
(2) 
where "Observation Shift " is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days specified as the " 
Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final Terms 
(or if no such number is specified, five Zurich Banking 
Days); 
  
"SARON reference rate" means, in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day ("ZBDx") a reference rate equal to the Swiss 
average overnight rate for such ZBDx as provided by the 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the SIX 
Group's Website (as defined in Condition 5(f)) (or, if applicable, 
such other Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (or, if the SIX Group's Website or such other 
specified Relevant Screen Page (as applicable) is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
Zurich Banking Day immediately following such ZBDx; 
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "i", the 
SARON reference rate for: 
(1) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Zurich Banking Day falling "p" 
Zurich Banking Days prior to the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day "i"; or 
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" or "Payment Delay" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Zurich Banking Day "i"; and 
 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day on which commercial

--- Page 147 ---
11/86235560_3 
137 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
Where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of calculating 
Compounded SARON with respect to the final Interest Period, 
the level of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the period 
from (and including) the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SARON in respect of such 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date. As used in these Terms and 
Conditions, "SARON Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is 
the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if none are specified, the second Zurich Banking 
Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(7) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SARON and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
" SARON" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be " Applicable", 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - SARON) be Compounded SARON Index for 
such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(7): 
"Compounded SARON Index" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded 
if necessary to the sixth decimal place, with 0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined in accordance with the following 
formula by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms, 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 148 ---
11/86235560_3 
138 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which SARON IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which SARON IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SARON Index value" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, the SARON Index value in relation to such Zurich Banking 
Day as provided by SIX Financial Information AG (or any 
successor administrator) as administrator of the SARON index 
(the "SARON Index") to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the SIX Group's Website (as defined in Condition 
5(f)) (or, if applicable, such other Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), or if the SIX Group's 
Website or such other specified Relevant Screen Page (as 
applicable) is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
administrator or authorised distributors, in each case on such 
Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SARON Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number 
of Zurich Banking Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Period or (B) such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"SARON IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the SARON Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number 
of Zurich Banking Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
Subject to Condition 5(f) (Benchmark Discontinuation - 
SARON), if the value of either or both of SARON IndexStart or 
SARON IndexEnd is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SARON Index or other information service 
by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SARON Index or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Compounded SARON Index 
for the applicable Interest Period for which either or both such 
SARON Index value(s) is/are not available shall be deemed to 
be Compounded SARON for such Interest Period, determined 
as set out under Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(6) as if "Index 
Determination" were specified as 'Not Applicable' in the 
applicable Final Terms, and for these purposes (1) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, 
and (2) "p" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number 
of Zurich Banking Days, as if such alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 149 ---
11/86235560_3 
139 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(8) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing TONA and not using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"TONA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Not 
Applicable", 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - TONA) be the sum of Compounded TONA 
with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(8): 
"Compounded TONA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the sixth decimal place, with 0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined in accordance with the following 
formula by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms, 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in:  
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period;  
 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, 365);

--- Page 150 ---
11/86235560_3 
140 
"do" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in:  
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period;  
 
"i" for any Interest Period is a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in:  
(1) where "Lag" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period, 
 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling "p" Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date which is "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due);  
"p" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no such number is specified, 
ten Tokyo Banking Days; or 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days specified as the 
"Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such number is specified, ten Tokyo 
Banking Days); 
"TONA reference rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo 
Banking Day ("TBDx") a reference rate equal to the Tokyo 
Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") for such TBDx as provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
TONA reference rate for:

--- Page 151 ---
11/86235560_3 
141 
(1) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" 
Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking 
Day "i"; or  
 
(2) where "Observation Shift" or "Payment Delay" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i"; and  
 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo.  
Where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of calculating 
Compounded TONA with respect to the final Interest Period, the 
level of TONA for each Tokyo Banking Day in the period from 
(and including) the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be 
the level of TONA in respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "TONA Rate Cut-Off 
Date" means the date that is the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if none are specified, 
the second Tokyo Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or 
the redemption date, as applicable. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(9) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing TONA and using Index Determination 
Where, in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Screen Rate Determination" and "Overnight Rate" are 
both specified to be "Applicable"; 
(ii)  
"TONA" is specified as the "Reference Rate"; and 
(iii) 
"Index Determination" is specified to be "Applicable", 
 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation - TONA) be the sum of the Compounded TONA 
Index for such Interest Period plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(9):

--- Page 152 ---
11/86235560_3 
142 
"Compounded TONA Index" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and rounded 
if necessary to the sixth decimal place, with 0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined in accordance with the following 
formula by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms, 
specifies a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent: 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day 
in relation to which TONA IndexStart is determined to (but 
excluding) the day in relation to which TONA IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, ten); 
"TONA Index value" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking 
Day, the TONA Index value in relation to such Tokyo Banking 
Day as provided by QUICK Corp (or any successor 
administrator) as administrator of the TONA index (the "TONA 
Index") and published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
QUICK Corp. (or successor administrator), in each case on such 
Tokyo Banking Day;  
"TONA IndexEnd" with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
TONA Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
Tokyo Banking Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period or (B) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period);  
"TONA IndexStart"with respect to an Interest Period, is the 
TONA Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
Tokyo Banking Days preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; and  
"Tokyo Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo. 
Subject to Condition 5(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation - 
TONA), if the value of either or both of TONA IndexStart or 
TONA IndexEnd is not published or displayed on the Relevant 
Screen Page by the administrator of the TONA Index or other 
information service by 5.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by 
the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time 
for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the TONA Index 
or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded TONA 
Index for the applicable Interest Period for which either or both 
such TONA Index value(s) is/are not available shall be deemed 
to be Compounded TONA for such Interest Period, determined 
as set out under Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(8) above as if "Index 
Determination" were specified as 'Not Applicable' in the 
applicable Final Terms, and for these purposes, (1) the

--- Page 153 ---
11/86235560_3 
143 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, 
and (2) "p" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number 
of Tokyo Banking Days, as if such alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable otherwise 
than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any such Floating Rate 
Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and 
as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the 
relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b)(ii) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than or VPS Notes, and the 
Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, the 
Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes, in each case for the relevant Interest Period, 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) 
for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding.

--- Page 154 ---
11/86235560_3 
144 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 155 ---
11/86235560_3 
145 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2−Y1)] +[30 ×(M2−M1)] +(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls: 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 156 ---
11/86235560_3 
146 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specified "Overnight Rate" to be 
applicable, the Agent or the Calculation Agent, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, 
the VPS and the VPS Account Manager (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of this Condition 
5(b), the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be "Applicable", 
the Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
16 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
second Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such 
amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 5(b), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the 
Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rate of Interest 
This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, as being applicable. Each Reset Note 
bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date (the "Initial Period"), at the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 157 ---
11/86235560_3 
147 
b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect 
of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so 
specified. 
The Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which a Rate of Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine 
the relevant Rate of Interest for such Reset Period. If the Notes are not VPS Notes 
and a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period 
as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Agent or, in the 
case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Reset Notes Interest Amount") 
payable on the Reset Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks – Mid-Swap Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(ii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Mid-Swap Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If, on any Reset Determination 
Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on such Reset 
Determination Date (other than in the circumstances provided for in Condition 
5(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation - Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(e) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation - ARRC), as applicable), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant 
Reset Period will be determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(A) 
the Issuer, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks

--- Page 158 ---
11/86235560_3 
148 
to provide the Issuer with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question; 
(B) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Issuer with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum (converted, if applicable, as set out in 
Condition 5(c)(v)) of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of 
the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the 
relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Agent, or in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant 
Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation 
provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; and 
(E) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Issuer with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 5(c), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will be either: 
(1) 
if Prior Rate of Interest is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, equal to the sum of (A) the Relevant Reset 
Margin and (B) either (1) the last Mid-Swap Rate 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the 
Specified Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date or (2) if this is later, the Mid-Swap Rate 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination 
Date the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent; or 
(2) 
if Calculation Agent Determination is so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Agent, or 
in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent (where 
the Agent is not the Calculation Agent) taking into 
consideration all available information that it in good 
faith deems relevant. 
(iii) 
Fallbacks – Reference Bond Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iii) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "Reference Bond Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If no Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received in respect of the determination

--- Page 159 ---
11/86235560_3 
149 
of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by 
reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the 
case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Reset 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period). 
(iv) 
Fallbacks – CMT Rate 
This Condition 5(c)(iv) is only applicable if the Reset Reference Rate is specified 
as "CMT Rate" in the applicable Final Terms. If no Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations are provided in respect of the determination of the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the 
case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case 
of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different Relevant Reset 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Reset Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Reset Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period). 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5(c)(v) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If Reset Reference 
Rate Conversion is so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted in accordance with market convention by the Agent or, in the case of 
VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
from the Original Reset Reference Rate Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment 
Dates in respect of the Notes. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, will cause the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling in such Reset Period to be notified 
to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for 
the time being listed and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS and the VPS Account 
Manager (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(vi)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest Amount so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
this Condition 5(c), whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on

--- Page 160 ---
11/86235560_3 
150 
the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c), the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"CMT Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation to a Reset Period 
and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate which 
is equal to: 
(A) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for 
a designated maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption 
"treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on 
such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (A) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on the Relevant Screen Page on such 
Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for a designated maturity which is equal 
or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published 
in H.15(519) under the caption "treasury constant maturities (nominal)" 
on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (B) above is not published by the 
CMT Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date, 
in each case, all as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent. 
"CMT Reset Determination Time" means the time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms,. 
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in Condition 5(a). 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms,. 
"First Reset Margin" means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) or Condition 
5(c)(v), as applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent, or in the case 
of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum (converted, if 
applicable, as set out in Condition 5(c)(v)) of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the First Reset Margin. 
"H.15(519)" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any 
successor publication, published by the board of governors of the Federal Reserve 
System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, 
section, successor site or publication as may replace it.

--- Page 161 ---
11/86235560_3 
151 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c), if 
applicable, for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to Original Reset Reference 
Rate Basis on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer or appointed agent on its behalf, 
or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent (where the Agent is not the Calculation Agent)) of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction 
(i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer or appointed agent on its behalf, 
or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent (where the Agent is not the Calculation Agent)). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means (i) the rate as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if no such rate is specified, EURIBOR (if the 
Specified Currency is euro), NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian 
Kroner) or (in the case of any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most 
closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by the Issuer. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject 
to Condition 5(c)(v), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which, in either case, appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately 
the Specified Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Agent, or in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 162 ---
11/86235560_3 
152 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date 
(i) the arithmetic average (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes 
or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if at least two but fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as 
determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) of all such quotations received, or 
(iii) if only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, 
the quotation so received. 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iii), with respect to any 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such 
Reset Determination Date (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent). 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by 
the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent) or 
their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the 
arithmetic average, (as determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent), of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and 
quoted, at the request of the Issuer, in writing to the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 5(b) and Condition 5(d), if applicable. 
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the First 
Reset Margin or, in respect of any subsequent Reset Period, the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of such Reset Period, or in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date or such other time as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
11/86235560_3 
153 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the 
case may be. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(c)(iv), in relation 
to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset 
Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes or if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Issuer at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on such 
Reset Determination Date. If at least three such Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United States Treasury 
Securities Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotations provided. If only one Reset United States Treasury Securities 
Quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the quotation 
provided (rounded, if necessary, as aforesaid). 
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(A) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the principal office in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency of five major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the principal office in New York City of five major banks 
which are primary United States Treasury Securities dealers or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars, 
in each case as selected by the Issuer. 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or 
securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be 
Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute, as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
relevant Reset Period. 
"Reset Reference Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii), Condition 5(c)(iv) and Condition 
5(c)(v), as applicable: 
(A) 
the Mid-Swap Rate; or 
(B) 
the Reference Bond Rate; or 
(C) 
the CMT Rate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
11/86235560_3 
154 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities" means, in relation to a Reset 
Determination Date, the United States Treasury Securities: 
(A) 
with an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of 
the relevant Reset Period, a remaining term to maturity of no more than 
one year shorter than the maturity which is equal to the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York 
City market. 
If two United States Treasury Securities have remaining terms to maturity equally 
close to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, the United States Treasury 
Security with the greater principal amount outstanding will be used for the 
purposes of the relevant determination. 
"Reset United States Treasury Securities Quotation" means, in relation to a 
Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, 
the rate quoted by a Reset Reference Bank as being a yield-to-maturity based on 
the secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for Reset United 
States Treasury Securities at or around the CMT Reset Determination Time on 
such Reset Determination Date. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Margin" means the (or each) margin specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final 
Terms may specify different Subsequent Reset Margins for different Subsequent 
Reset Periods). 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each 
successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may 
be. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 5(c)(ii), Condition 5(c)(iii) and Condition 5(c)(iv), 
as applicable, the rate of interest determined by the Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum (converted, if applicable, as set 
out in Condition 5(c)(v)) of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Margin. 
"United States Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations 
of the United States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c), as applicable, 
if (i) the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate and (ii) "Benchmark 
Discontinuation – Independent Adviser" is specified to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the following provisions of this Condition 5(d) shall apply.

--- Page 165 ---
11/86235560_3 
155 
This Condition 5(d) shall not apply to the Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of which the provisions of 
Condition 5(e) will apply, "SARON" (in respect of which the provisions of Condition 5(f) 
will apply), or  "TONA" (in respect of which the provisions of Condition 5(g) will apply). 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)), and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 5(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(d) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the holders 
of Notes for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
5(d). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(d)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 5(d)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(d)). 
(iii) 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Adjustment Spread shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iv) 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(d) and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case), the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(d)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of 
Notes, vary these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice and the Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 166 ---
11/86235560_3 
156 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d)(iv), no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be 
applied, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
the case may be, be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of (a) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or 
(b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and applicable Adjustment 
Spread will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 5(d)(iv), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the 
case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(d) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the holders of Notes. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent 
a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by 
holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and, where applicable the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendment, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5(d); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the holders of Notes. 
(vi) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(d)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the relevant fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 5(b)(ii) or Condition 5(c)(ii), as applicable, will 
continue to apply unless and until the Issuer has determined that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred and (i) either a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined, (ii) any Adjustment Spread (if any) and Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) are determined, and (iii) the Issuer has notified each of the Agent and the 
Paying Agents, in each case pursuant to this Condition 5(d). 
As used in this Condition 5(d): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer,

--- Page 167 ---
11/86235560_3 
157 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital market 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or  
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged), the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate, 
having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies then in effect in Norway giving effect to any MREL 
Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer and/or the DNB 
Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL 
Requirement or any successor regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d)(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more 
of the following: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published on a permanent or 
indefinite basis as a result of the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or

--- Page 168 ---
11/86235560_3 
158 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used, is no longer representative of its 
underlying market or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be 
applicable to the Notes; or 
(E) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any holder of Notes using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (D) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (B) above, the date of the cessation of the publication 
of the Original Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
in the case of paragraph (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference 
Rate is prohibited from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (as applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) 
above, as applicable). 
"CRD IV" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 
June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 
(or, as the case may be, any provision of Norwegian law transposing or implementing such 
Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the amendments to such Directive resulting from Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or 
other requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules, regulations or other requirements) the requirements to 
be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation any 
regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the amendments to 
such Regulation resulting from Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and

--- Page 169 ---
11/86235560_3 
159 
of the Council as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements dated 20 May 2019 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(d)(i). 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by 
then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer and/or the DNB Group under 
Applicable MREL Regulations. 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer and/or the DNB 
Group. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has 
replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a 
Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall be deemed to include any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC 
This Condition 5(e) applies only if the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
applicable Final Terms and "Benchmark Discontinuation – ARRC" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the

--- Page 170 ---
11/86235560_3 
160 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, as the 
case may be; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or, as the case may be, Compounded 
SOFR (or the relevant published SOFR rate used in the calculation thereof), as the case 
may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as 
the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,

--- Page 171 ---
11/86235560_3 
161 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time;

--- Page 172 ---
11/86235560_3 
162 
Notwithstanding anything included in the ISDA Definitions, base prospectus, final 
terms/pricing supplements, and/or any other transaction document (the "Transaction 
Documents") for any series of Notes to the contrary, the Issuer agrees that the Agent (in 
its capacity as Calculation Agent, if so appointed) will have no obligation to exercise any 
discretion (including, but not limited to, determinations of alternative or substitute 
benchmarks, successor reference rates, screen pages, interest adjustment factors/fractions 
or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark amendment conforming changes, selection and 
polling of reference banks), and to the extent the Transaction Documents for any series of 
Notes requires the Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretions and/or make such 
determinations, such references shall be construed as the Issuer or its financial adviser or 
alternate agent appointed by the Issuer exercising such discretions and/or determinations 
and/or actions and not the Calculation Agent. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(4) or, as the case may be, 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(B)(5)), and (ii) if the Benchmark is neither Compounded Daily SOFR 
nor Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 5(e) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders 
of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5(e); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the

--- Page 173 ---
11/86235560_3 
163 
determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any)) be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted, nor will any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any other 
amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, be made to effect the 
Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
(a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
or (b) Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Benchmark Replacement will be adopted, and no Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes or any other amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 5(e), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the 
next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(f) 
 Benchmark Discontinuation – SARON  
This Condition 5(f) applies to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify this 
Condition 5(f) as being applicable. 
(i) 
If SARON is not published on the SIX Group's Website at the Specified Time 
on a relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred at or prior to the 
Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day, then, in respect of such Zurich 
Banking Day and (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(f)) each 
Zurich Banking Day thereafter, SARON will be replaced with:  
(A) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on 
such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(B) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy 
rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if 
any. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day 
with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to paragraph (i)(B) 
above has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day, then in respect of 
such Zurich Banking Day (the "Affected Zurich Banking Day") and each 
Zurich Banking Day thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement 
Rate (as defined below), if any, determined in accordance with Condition 5(f)(iv) 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
If:

--- Page 174 ---
11/86235560_3 
164 
(A) 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent is required to use a Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to Condition 
5(f)(i)(A) or 5(f)(i)(B), as applicable, above for purposes of determining 
any Rate of Interes in respect of the Notes; and 
(B) 
the Replacement Rate Agent (as defined below) determines that any 
changes to the definitions of Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Period, Observation Period, SARON, SARON reference rate, SARON 
Administrator, SIX Group's Website. Relevant Screen Page or 
Specified Time or any other relevant term used in these Terms and 
Conditions are necessary in order to ensure the proper use of such 
Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment 
Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as 
the case may be, (such changes, the "SARON Benchmark 
Amendments") for such purposes, 
such definitions will be amended pursuant to Condition 17(b) to reflect such 
changes without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, and 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Agent, the other Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders, specifying the Recommended Replacement Rate 
and any Recommended Adjustment Spread or, as the case may be, indicating 
that the SNB Policy Rate will be used and specifying any SNB Adjustment 
Spread, as applicable, and, in each case, the SARON Benchmark Amendments 
implemented (if any). 
(iii) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
7, the Issuer will appoint a replacement rate agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Agent") on or prior to the first Interest Determination Date on which the 
provisions of this Condition 5(f) are required to be used. The Replacement Rate 
Agent may be (A) a leading bank, broker- dealer or benchmark agent in Zurich 
as appointed by the Issuer, or (B) the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. The 
Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment. 
(iv) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of Condition 5(f)(i) above have 
been satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use 
an alternative rate to SARON (such alternative rate, the "Replacement Rate") 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Interest Period or, as the case may be, Observation Period in which 
the Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the "Affected SARON Observation 
Period") and all Interest Periods or, as the case may be, Observation Periods 
thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines to use a Replacement Rate, 
it shall select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to SARON, 
provided that if it determines that there is an appropriate industry-accepted 
successor rate to SARON, it shall use such industry-accepted successor rate s 
the Replacement Rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent has determined a 
Replacement Rate in accordance with the foregoing, for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest on the Notes; 
(A) 
the Replacement Rate Agent shall determine (1) the method for 
obtaining the Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for 
determining the Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall be

--- Page 175 ---
11/86235560_3 
165 
consistent with industry-accepted practices, if any, for the Replacement 
Rate, and (2) any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the 
Replacement Rate comparable to SARON consistent with industry-
accepted practices, if any, for the Replacement Rate; 
(B) 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich 
Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all 
Interest Periods or, as the case may be, Observation Periods thereafter, 
references to SARON in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to be references to the Replacement Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate and any adjustment factor; 
(C) 
if the Replacement Rate Agent determines that changes to the 
definitions of Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
Observation Period SARON, SARON reference rate, SARON 
Administrator, SIX Group's Website, Relevant Screen Page or 
Specified Time or any other relevant term used in these Terms and 
Conditions are necessary in order to implement the Replacement Rate  
(such changes also being "SARON Benchmark Amendments"), such 
definitions will be amended pursuant to Condition 17(b) to reflect such 
changes without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders; and 
(D) 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders, specifying the Replacement Rate 
and the SARON Benchmark Amendments implemented (if any). 
(v) 
Any determination to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this Condition 
5(f), including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Replacement Rate Agent shall have no 
responsibility or liability whatsoever to the Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determinations made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(f).  
(vi) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), no Recommended 
Replacement Rate, SNB Policy Rate or other Replacement Rate will be adopted, nor will 
any SARON Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as if the Notes are (a) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities, or (b)  Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital. 
(vii) 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
 
"Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread: 
(A) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced SARON as

--- Page 176 ---
11/86235560_3 
166 
the Reference Rate for purposes of determining the applicable Rate of Interest 
thereon; or 
(B) 
(if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology under (A) above) to be applied to such Recommended Replacement 
Rate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of SARON with such 
Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
Rates of Interest, which spread will be determined by the Issuer, following 
consultation with an independent adviser appointed by it for such purpose (and 
consistent with industry-accepted practices, if any, for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced 
SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining rates of interest thereon); 
 
"Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for SARON by the Recommending Body; 
"Recommending Body" means any working group or committee in Switzerland organised 
in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference 
Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals 
to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Financial Information AG (including any successor 
thereto) or any successor administrator of SARON; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
(A) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (A) of the definition of that term, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide SARON; and 
(B) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (B) of the definition of that term, the later of: (1) the date of such 
statement or publication; and (2) the earlier of the date on which, as specified in 
such statement or publication, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (a) will no 
longer be representative or (b) may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the 
SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide SARON permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide SARON; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or 
any competent authority announcing that  the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (1) 
is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, 
or (2) may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement is applicable to 
(but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities; 
 
"SIX Group's Website" means the website of the SIX Group, or any successor website 
or other source on which SARON or as the case may be, the SARON Index is published; 
and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for determining a 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate, having regard to the object, so far as is reasonably

--- Page 177 ---
11/86235560_3 
167 
practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of SARON with the 
SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining the applicable Rates of Interest, which 
spread will be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Replacement Rate 
Agent, taking into account the historical median between SARON and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date 
on which the first of such events occurred); and 
"Specified Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on the trading 
platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected 
to be on or around 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time). 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation – TONA 
This Condition 5(g) applies to all Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify this 
Condition 5(g) as being applicable. 
(i) 
If TONA is not published in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, and both a TONA 
Index Cessation Event and a TONA Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, then, in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day and (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(g)) each Tokyo Banking Day thereafter, the TONA 
rate for a TONA Fixing Day occurring on or after the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date will (subject as follows in this Condition 5(g)) be the JPY 
Recommended Rate, and references to "TONA" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(ii) 
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking 
Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date but neither the 
administrator nor the authorised distributors of TONA provide or publish the 
JPY Recommended Rate in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, then, 
subject to the below, in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended 
Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, 
if there is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect 
of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the 
JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published TONA, and references to "TONA" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(iii) 
If there is: 
 
(A) 
no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking 
Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or 
(B) 
a JPY Recommended Rate at such time but a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs, 
 
then the TONA rate for a TONA Fixing Day occurring on or after the TONA 
Index Cessation Effective Date or, as the case may be, a JPY Recommended 
Rate Fixing Day occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be the alternative for TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) determined by the Replacement Rate Agent 
(as defined below) acting in good faith, taking into account any rate 
implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case 
with trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) (such rate, the "Replacement Rate") that 
the Replacement Rate Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a

--- Page 178 ---
11/86235560_3 
168 
representative alternative rate, and references to "TONA" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
(iv) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
7, the Issuer will appoint a replacement rate agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Agent") on or prior to the first relevant Tokyo Banking Day with respect to 
which TONA is to be determined pursuant to this Condition 5(g). The 
Replacement Rate Agent may be (A) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark 
agent in Tokyo as appointed by the Issuer, or (B) the Issuer or any affiliate of 
the Issuer. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment. 
(v) 
If: 
(A) 
the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent is required to use a JPY Recommended 
Rate or Replacement Rate pursuant to this Condition 5(g) for purposes 
of determining any Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes; and 
(B) 
the Replacement Rate Agent determines that any changes to the 
definitions of Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
Observation Period, TONA, TONA reference rate, Relevant Screen 
Page or Specified Time or any other relevant term in these Terms and 
Conditions are necessary in order to use such JPY Recommended Rate 
or Replacement Rate, as the case may be, (such changes, the "TONA 
Benchmark Amendments") for such purposes, such definitions will 
be amended pursuant to Condition 16(b) to reflect such changes without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, and the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders, specifying the JPY Recommended 
Rate or Replacement Rate (as applicable) and specifying any TONA 
Benchmark Amendments implemented (if any). 
(vi) 
Any determination to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 5(g), including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made 
in the sole discretion of the Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Replacement Rate Agent shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever to 
the Agent or the Noteholders for any determinations made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(g). 
(vii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(g), no JPY 
Recommended Rate or other Replacement Rate will be adopted, nor will any 
TONA Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice 
the qualification of the Notes as (a) if the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, MREL Eligible Liabilities, or (b) if the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital. 
 
As used in the foregoing: 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments)

--- Page 179 ---
11/86235560_3 
169 
recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) 
and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the 
administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an authorised 
distributor; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the JPY Recommended 
Rate and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the publication day specified by the administrator 
of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark 
methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been provided 
and is no longer provided; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate a public statement or publication of information by: 
(A) 
or on behalf of the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY Recommended 
Rate; or 
(B) 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; 
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of TONA and a Tokyo Banking Day "i", the 
Tokyo Banking Day immediately following that day "i" (or any amended publication 
day for TONA as specified by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) in the TONA benchmark methodology); 
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of TONA and a TONA 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily have been 
provided and is no longer provided; 
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA a public statement or 
publication of information by: 
(A) 
or on behalf of the administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide TONA; or 
(B) 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the 
currency of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of TONA has ceased 
or will cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the

--- Page 180 ---
11/86235560_3 
170 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide TONA; and 
"TONA rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day "i", a reference rate equal to 
the daily TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day "i" as provided by the Bank of Japan (or 
any successor administrator of such rate) to, and published by, authorised distributors of 
TONA as of approximately 10:00 a.m. Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as 
specified by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of such rate) in the TONA 
benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing Day in respect of such Tokyo Banking 
Day "i". If such rate is subsequently corrected and provided by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA 
within the longer of one hour of the time when such rate is first published by authorised 
distributors of TONA and the republication cut-off time for TONA, if any, on the 
applicable TONA Fixing Day as specified by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) in the TONA benchmark methodology then that rate will be 
subject to those corrections.  
 
(h) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
consent of the Relevant Regulator for such payment has not been given or, having been 
given, has been withdrawn and not replaced. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
as provided in the Agency Agreement and the Terms and Conditions. 
To the extent that part only of the outstanding principal amount of any Notes has been 
cancelled, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with the terms hereof on the then 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below payments in: 
(i) 
a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland respectively); and 
(ii) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
References to "Specified Currency" will include any successor currency under applicable 
law. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any (i) fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer 
or any Paying Agent is subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and 
(ii) withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 181 ---
11/86235560_3 
171 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Except as provided below, all payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer 
Notes will be made at such paying agencies outside the United States as the Issuer may 
appoint from time to time and to accounts outside the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as 
the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long 
Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such definitive Bearer Note from (and 
including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any bearer 
global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
bearer global Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may 
be, of such bearer global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such bearer global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Intermediary, as applicable. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each

--- Page 182 ---
11/86235560_3 
172 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Intermediary or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such global Note must look solely to either (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be or (ii) in relation to Notes represented by Swiss 
Global Notes, the Swiss Principal Paying Agent (on behalf of the bearer of such Swiss 
Global Note) for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global 
Note in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall 
be paid by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for payment in such Specified Currency 
or conversion into U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Bearer Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes (whether in definitive or global form) 
will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above to the persons in whose name 
such Notes are registered at the close of business on the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Registrar is 
located) immediately prior to the relevant payment date against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of such Notes at the 
specified office of the Registrar or a Transfer Agent. 
Payments of interest due on a Registered Note (whether in definitive or global form) will 
be made in the manner specified in paragraph (a) above to the person in whose name such 
Note is registered where the Notes are in (i) global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open 
for business) before the relevant due date and (ii) definitive form, at the close of business 
on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located)) prior to such due date (in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii), 
each the "Record Date").  
If payment in respect of any Registered Notes is required by credit or transfer as referred 
to in paragraph (a), application for such payment must be made by the holder to the 
Registrar not later than the relevant Record Date. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
shown in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the VPS.

--- Page 183 ---
11/86235560_3 
173 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is 
(subject to Condition 9): 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland respectively) or 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Residual Holding Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 7(e)); and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with 
respect to interest under Condition 8. 
(f) 
Payments in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6, payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be made only at the offices of any Swiss 
Paying Agent in Switzerland in freely disposable Swiss Francs without collection costs 
and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence 
of the holder of the Swiss Domestic Notes and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. Payments on the Swiss Domestic Notes will also

--- Page 184 ---
11/86235560_3 
174 
be made irrespective of any present or future transfer restrictions and regardless of any 
bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing agreement which may be applicable at any 
time to such payment. 
The receipt in full by the Swiss Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the bearer of Swiss 
Domestic Notes (in accordance with Swiss market practice) of the due and punctual 
payment of the funds in Swiss Francs in the manner provided by these Terms and 
Conditions shall release the Issuer from its obligations under the Swiss Domestic Notes 
for the payment of principal and interest due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payments, and Noteholders must look solely to the Swiss Principal Paying Agent 
for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below or (pursuant 
to Condition 7(l) or Condition 7(m)) substituted, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, specified in or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or not less than any other minimum 
period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent (and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Account Manager) and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the latest Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent and, in the case of VPS Notes, to the VPS Account 
Manager (in each case, to make available at the Agent's or VPS Account Manager's 
specified office (as applicable) for inspection by the holders of the Notes) (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 185 ---
11/86235560_3 
175 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), if Issuer Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, having given: 
(i) 
not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or not less than any other 
minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to 
the Agent and (in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes) the Registrar and 
(in the case of a redemption of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (or the first) Optional Redemption Date shall not 
fall earlier than the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of such Notes. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or not more than the Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes (or, as the case may be, parts of Registered Notes) to be redeemed 
("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot without involving any part only 
of a Bearer Note, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), as the case may be, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note and in accordance with the rules of the 
VPS, in the case of VPS Notes, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 
five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note 
will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c) and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 at 
least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(d) is not applicable for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes and references to "Notes" in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms to apply, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in 
part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain 
conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver 
such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or any

--- Page 186 ---
11/86235560_3 
176 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar in the case of Registered Notes at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar falling within the 
notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 7(d). 
If this Note is represented by a global Note or is a Note in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent or the 
Registrar of such exercise, where applicable, in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a 
form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, from time 
to time. Notices in respect of Swiss Domestic Notes may be given to the Swiss Principal 
Paying Agent in the form of a duly completed and signed Put Notice. 
If this Note is a Registered Note and is cleared through DTC, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice 
to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar 
and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit such holder's securities account with this Note on 
or before the Optional Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, 
the holder of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the relevant 
account operator of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the VPS 
from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default (as 
defined below) shall have occurred, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7(d) and 
instead declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7(b) above, Condition 7(j) below and Condition 7(k) below, 
and Condition 10, the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows in the case of: 
(i) 
Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes), at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such amount is so specified at 
their nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP X (1 + AY)𝑦 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 187 ---
11/86235560_3 
177 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f) 
Purchases 
Subject, if applicable, to the provisions of Condition 7(i), the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its 
account Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of 
definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith 
at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 7(f) (together, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, with all 
unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the VPS and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
(h) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Conditions 7(a), 7(b), 7(c) or 7(d) above or Condition 7(j) below 
or upon its otherwise becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10, as the case 
may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph 7(e)(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
(i) 
Regulatory Consent 
No early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 7(f), substitution or 
variation under Condition 7(l) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation 
under Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes) or substitution under Condition 17 shall take place without the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (in each case, if, and to the extent, then required by 
the Relevant Regulator or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the Applicable Banking 
Regulations or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the 
Applicable MREL Regulations).

--- Page 188 ---
11/86235560_3 
178 
In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
7(b) or 7(j) only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer so requires, 
the Issuer may only redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date 
if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the 
circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
Any refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its permission to any redemption, purchase 
under Condition 7(f), substitution or variation under Condition 7(l) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes), substitution or variation under Condition 7(m) (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or substitution under Condition 17 (or, 
as the case may be, any withdrawal by the Relevant Regulator of any such permission) 
will not constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes or give the holders of the 
Notes any enforcement rights in respect of the Notes. 
(j) 
Redemption upon Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(j) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(j) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to "Notes", 
"Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 7(j) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7(i), on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or not less than 
any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period of notice 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time (in the case 
of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) above together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of the relevant 
notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" has the meaning given in Condition 4(f). 
A "Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Relevant Regulator, that, as a result of a change in Norwegian law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are excluded 
in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, provided that 
a Capital Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by any applicable 
limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital instruments permitted or allowed to meet any Tier 
2 Capital requirement(s) being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(j), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified 
office for inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(k) 
Redemption upon MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 7(k) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and only where this Condition 7(k) is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this 
Condition 7(k) shall be construed accordingly. 
If an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(i), on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or

--- Page 189 ---
11/86235560_3 
179 
not less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum 
period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any 
time (in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(e) above together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the 
expiry of the relevant notice period, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "MREL Disqualification Event" means the 
determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change (or any pending change which the 
Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in any Applicable MREL Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully or partially 
excluded from the "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer or the DNB Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject 
to such MREL Requirement, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (1) the remaining maturity of the Notes 
being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or (2) any applicable limits on the amount of "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(k), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified 
office for inspection by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. 
(l) 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 7(l) applies only to Subordinated Notes and where this Condition 7(l) is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to "Notes", 
"Noteholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders) on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice (or not 
less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other maximum period 
of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, changing the governing law of Condition 22, from 
Norwegian law to English law) and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below), 
provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered 
to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection 
by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form described in the 
definition of Qualifying Subordinated Securities in accordance with the provisions 
thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of the Notes.

--- Page 190 ---
11/86235560_3 
180 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 22 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22) have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms 
of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have 
been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (i) in the 
case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) in the 
case of a variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject 
thereto, they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to 
such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
(3) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements of 
the Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital, (5) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, and (6) where Notes which have been substituted 
or varied had a published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or 
announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to the 
relevant Qualifying Subordinated Securities (unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, Moody's Investors Service Limited or Dominion Bond Rating Services or their 
respective successors. 
(m) 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
where applicable 
This Condition 7(m) applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in each case, only where this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, and references to "Notes", "Noteholders" and "Couponholders" 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 7(i) (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders) on giving not less than five nor more than 15 days' 
notice (or not less than any other minimum period of notice nor more than any other 
maximum period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, changing the governing law of Condition 22, from 
Norwegian law to English law) and/or the terms of the Agency Agreement so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying MREL Securities (as defined below), 
provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the 
redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Notes may only be substituted or varied, as the case may be, if the Issuer has delivered 
to the Agent a certificate (to be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection 
by holders of the Notes) signed by two Directors of the Issuer in the form described in the

--- Page 191 ---
11/86235560_3 
181 
definition of Qualifying MREL Securities in accordance with the provisions thereof, 
which certificate shall be conclusive and binding on the holders of the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Qualifying MREL Securities" means securities issued 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
(other than in the case of a change to the governing law of Condition 22 to English 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22), have 
terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms 
of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a 
certification to such effect of two authorised Directors of the Issuer shall have 
been delivered to the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to in the case 
of  (i) a substitution of the Notes, the issue of the relevant securities or (ii) a 
variation of the Notes, such variation, as the case may be), and, subject thereto, 
they shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, (2) have at least the same interest 
rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to 
the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be, (3) have the 
same redemption rights as the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be, (4) comply with the then current requirements in relation to "eligible 
liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable 
MREL Regulations, (5) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and 
(6) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, 
each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an 
equal or higher published rating to the relevant Qualifying MREL Securities 
(unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 22); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
(n) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Residual Holding Call) 
If (i) a Residual Holding Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, and (ii) if at any time 75 per cent. or such other percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Residual Holding Percentage") or more of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes originally issued (and, for this purpose, any further Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 17 which are consolidated and form a single Series with the Notes 
shall be deemed to have been originally issued) shall have been redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Issuer shall have the option, subject, if applicable, to the provisions of 
Conidition 7(i), to redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes at 
any time in whole, but not in part, at their Residual Holding Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, determined as provided 
below in this Condition 7(n)) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption (the "Residual Call Redemption Date"). 
Unless a Residual Holding Redemption Amount is otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if the applicable Final Terms, specifies that the Residual Holding 
Redemption Amount shall be determined as per this Condition 7(n)), the Residual Holding 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by an independent financial adviser appointed by 
the Issuer for such purposes, by discounting the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
and the remaining interest payments (if applicable) from the Residual Call Redemption 
Date to the Residual Call Reference Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such Residual Call Reference Date is so specified, the Maturity Date) by a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up)) equal to the sum of (i) the Benchmark Spread specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) the yield to maturity of the Benchmark Security at

--- Page 192 ---
11/86235560_3 
182 
the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Residual Call Redemption 
Date, determined on the basis of the Benchmark Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
As used herein, "Benchmark Security" means the security specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if such specified Benchmark Security is no longer outstanding 
at the relevant time, such alternative security selected by the Issuer, in consultation with 
the independent financial advisor and having regard to prevailing market practice, as 
would in the Issuer's view likely be used in pricing corporate bond issues in the Specified 
Currency having a maturity date on or around the Residual Call Reference Date). 
The Issuer will give not less than five nor more than 15 days' notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the holders of Notes (which notice to the holders shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Residual Call Redemption Date) of any such redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 7(n). 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 6(d)). 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or 
the Registrar or, in the case of VPS Notes, the holders of the VPS Notes, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
As used herein, "Tax Jurisdiction" means (i) the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision 
or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax and (ii) any other jurisdiction or 
any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
the Issuer becomes generally subject in respect of payments of interest on the Notes. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer, registered or uncertificated book-entry form) and Coupons will 
become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 
6(c) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(c).

--- Page 193 ---
11/86235560_3 
183 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and 
be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer goes into liquidation by way of public administration (except in 
connection with (1) an Excluded Winding-up or (2) a merger or reorganisation in 
such a way that all or substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer 
(including its obligations in respect of the Notes) pass to another legal person in 
universal succession by operation of law); or 
(ii) 
insolvency proceedings are instituted against the Issuer which shall not have been 
dismissed or stayed within 60 days after institution, or if insolvency proceedings 
are instituted by the Issuer in respect of itself, and (in each case) such insolvency 
proceedings are continuing, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it 
to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to (but 
excluding) the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of 
any kind. 
(b) 
Limitation of Remedy 
Without prejudice to the Noteholders' rights under Condition 10(a), no holder of a Note 
shall be entitled to take any steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer to enforce any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes (including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes, or any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect thereof), and in no event shall the Issuer, 
by virtue of the taking of any such steps, action or proceedings, be obliged to pay any 
sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it pursuant to these Terms and Conditions in respect of the Notes, nor will any 
Noteholder accept the same, otherwise than during or after a winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
11. 
No right of set-off, etc. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention (collectively "set-off") in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
in respect of or arising under or in connection with the Notes held by such holder of Notes, and 
each holder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights. 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any holder of Notes by 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Notes is discharged by set-off, 
such holder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge to the Issuer (or, in the event of its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, the 
liquidator or other relevant insolvency official with primary responsibility for the winding-up, 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an 
amount equal to such amount for the Issuer (or the liquidator or such relevant insolvency official 
(as the case may be)) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Replacement Agent in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons, 
or the Registrar outside the UK in the case of Registered Notes, upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 194 ---
11/86235560_3 
184 
13. 
Transfer and Exchange of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), will 
initially be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest 
coupons (the "Reg. S Global Note"), which will either (i) be deposited with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered 
in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Reg. S Global Notes or otherwise sold or 
transferred in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act, together with the Reg. S 
Global Notes, are referred to herein as "Reg. S Notes". Beneficial interests in a Reg. S 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee of DTC may be held only through DTC 
directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly, through a participant in DTC, including 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold in private transactions to qualified institutional 
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("QIBs") will initially 
be represented by a permanent global Note in registered form, without interest coupons 
(the "Restricted Global Note" and, together with the Reg. S Global Note, the "Registered 
Global Notes"), deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC. Notes in definitive form issued in exchange for Restricted Global Notes or 
otherwise sold or transferred in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act, together with the Restricted Global Notes, are referred to herein as 
"Restricted Notes". 
Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) 
(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) which are institutions ("Institutional 
Accredited Investors") who agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not 
with a view to the distribution thereof will be in definitive form, registered in the name of 
the holder thereof. 
Registered Notes in definitive form issued to Institutional Accredited Investors and 
Restricted Notes shall bear the legend set forth in the Restricted Global Note (the 
"Legend"), such Notes being referred to herein as "Legended Notes". Upon the transfer, 
exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of the 
Legend, the Registrar shall (save as provided in Condition 5(f)) deliver only Legended 
Notes or refuse to remove such Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to 
the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Securities Act. 
Subject as otherwise provided in this Condition 13, Registered Notes in definitive form 
may be exchanged or transferred in whole or in part in the authorised denominations for 
one or more definitive Registered Notes of like aggregate nominal amount. 
(b) 
Exchange of interests in Registered Global Notes for Registered Notes in definitive form 
Interests in the Reg. S Global Note and the Restricted Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Registered Notes in definitive form if (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as the case may be, notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as 
depositary for such Registered Global Note or (ii) if applicable, DTC ceases to be a 
"Clearing Agency" registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 
the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced its intention permanently to cease business or

--- Page 195 ---
11/86235560_3 
185 
has in fact done so, and a successor depositary or alternative clearing system satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the Agent is not available, or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing with respect to such Notes or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a payment 
default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Notes, or (iv) the holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Note notifies the Registrar in writing that it is 
transferring such beneficial interest to an Institutional Accredited Investor who is required 
to hold its beneficial interest in the Registered Notes in definitive form, or (v) if the 
applicable Final Terms so permit, a written request for one or more Registered Notes in 
definitive form is made by a holder of a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note; 
provided that in the case of (v) such written notice or request, as the case may be, is 
submitted to the Registrar by the beneficial owner not later than 60 days prior to the 
requested date of such exchange. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in 
the preceding sentence, the Issuer will cause the appropriate Registered Notes in definitive 
form to be delivered provided that, notwithstanding the above, no Reg. S Notes in 
definitive form will be issued until the expiry of the period that ends 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of each Tranche of Notes (the "Distribution Compliance 
Period"). 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall 
be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to a 
nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Reg. S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder 
of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Reg. S Global Note to a transferee in the United States  
or to a U.S. person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer 
Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or beneficial 
interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made: 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a 
duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an "IAI Investment 
Letter"); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities law of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in 
global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery 
only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Reg. S Global Notes registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in 
DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements 
will no longer apply to such transfers.

--- Page 196 ---
11/86235560_3 
186 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Reg. S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the 
applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes being 
transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes 
is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without 
certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to 
delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to 
the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor, together with a duly executed IAI Investment Letter from the 
relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to 
receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably 
require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States, 
and in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or 
outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs 
or non-U.S. investors through DTC and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are 
the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, 
where applicable. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited 
Investors, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same 
type at any time. 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Note will be transferable and exchangeable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be (the "Applicable Procedures"). 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms) by the holder or holders surrendering 
the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and upon the Registrar or, as the case

--- Page 197 ---
11/86235560_3 
187 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent, after due and careful enquiry, being satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar, or as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent prescribe, including any restrictions imposed by the Issuer on transfers of 
Registered Notes originally sold to a person located in the United States or to a U.S. 
person. Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer 
period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor. 
Exchanges or transfers by a holder of a Registered Note in definitive form for an interest 
in, or to a person who takes delivery of such Note through, a Registered Global Note will 
be made no later than 60 days after the receipt by the Registrar or as the case may be, 
relevant Transfer Agent of the Registered Note in definitive form to be so exchanged or 
transferred and, if applicable, upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification from 
the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
(h) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the 
period of 30 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest on that 
Note. 
(i) 
Costs of exchange or registration 
The costs and expenses of effecting any exchange or registration of transfer pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions (except for the expenses of delivery by other than regular mail 
(if any) and, if the Issuer shall so require, for the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
tax or other governmental charge or insurance charges that may be imposed in relation 
thereto which will be borne by the Noteholder) will be borne by the Issuer. 
14. 
Agent, Paying Agents, Exchange Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar and VPS Account 
Manager 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agents, the initial 
Exchange Agent and the initial Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
the Exchange Agent or any Transfer Agent or any VPS Account Manager or any Calculation Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or additional or other Registrars, Exchange 
Agents, Transfer Agent, VPS Account Managers or Calculation Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent, Transfer 
Agent, VPS Account Manager or Calculation Agent acts, provided that (other than in the case of 
Swiss Domestic Notes):

--- Page 198 ---
11/86235560_3 
188 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent), in 
the case of Bearer Notes, and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar), in the case 
of Registered Notes, with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of such stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) with a specified office 
in a city in Europe outside Norway and each other Tax Jurisdiction (if any) for the time 
being; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Transfer Agent having a specified office in a place approved by 
the Agent; 
(v) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes are held through DTC or its nominee, there 
will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified office in London; 
(vi) 
there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office outside the UK and, so long as 
the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(vii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe other than 
Switzerland that will not be required to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to laws enacted in 
Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those 
laid down in the draft legislation proposed by the Swiss Federal Council on 22 December, 
2010, in particular the principle to have a person other than the Issuer withhold or deduct 
tax; and 
(viii) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will at all times be a VPS Account Manager authorised to 
act as an account operating institution with the VPS and one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Terms and Conditions of the relevant VPS Notes so require. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in the eleventh paragraph of Condition 5(c). Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency or of a Paying Agent failing to become or ceasing to be a participating foreign financial 
institution for the purposes of the Code, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. 
In the case of Swiss Domestic Notes, the Issuer will at all times maintain a Swiss Paying Agent 
having a specified office in Switzerland and qualifying as a Swiss bank or securities dealer and so 
long as the Swiss Domestic Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
15. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the 
payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9.

--- Page 199 ---
11/86235560_3 
189 
16. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) shall be published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper 
in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required 
by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first 
publication in each such newspaper or where published in such newspapers on different dates, the 
last date of such first publication. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes 
listed on a stock exchange, the rules of such stock exchange (or other relevant authority) permit), 
so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such website(s) or mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes (other than Swiss Domestic Notes) shall be in 
writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
is represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent or 
the Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Agent and/or the Registrar and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. Notices to be given by any holder 
of Swiss Domestic Notes shall be given in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notices to holders of Swiss Domestic Notes will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be validly 
given (i) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes not admitted to trading on the standard for bonds of 
the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published on the website specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or (ii) in the case of Swiss Domestic Notes admitted to trading on the standard for 
bonds of the SIX Swiss Exchange, if published in electronic form on the website of the SIX Swiss 
Exchange (www.six-swiss-exchange.com) under the section headed "Official Notices" or 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the date of such delivery. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of the VPS.

--- Page 200 ---
11/86235560_3 
190 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
(i) 
Holders of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
holders of Notes (which meetings may be held at a physical place, by way of 
teleconference or videoconference (or similar electronic platform) or a 
combination of the foregoing) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer may modify 
or vary such provisions for convening meetings to reflect the requirements from 
time to time of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Intermediary. Any 
such modification or variation will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including, but not 
limited to, modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest applicable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third 
in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, shall also be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by way of resolution in writing or electronic 
consents given through the clearing systems shall be binding on all the holders of 
Notes, whether or not signing the written resolution or providing their consents 
in electronic form. 
(ii) 
Holders of VPS Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the VPS Notes or 
any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the VPS Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate 
(dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from either the VPS or the 
VPS Account Manager stating that the holder is entered into the records of the 
VPS as a Noteholder or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount

--- Page 201 ---
11/86235560_3 
191 
of the VPS Notes for the time being outstanding and providing an undertaking 
that no transfers or dealing have taken place or will take place in the relevant VPS 
Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes or the Agency 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest applicable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of Noteholders, the person named in the certificate 
from the VPS or the VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as 
the holder of the VPS Notes specified in such certificate provided that he has 
given an undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close 
of the meeting). 
(b) 
Modification 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which (i) he Issuer in its sole opinion considers isof a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of Norwegian law, (ii) he Issuer 
in its sole opinion considers is to correct a manifest error or (iii) the Issuer deems in its 
sole opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
In addition, the Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders (i) in effecting any Benchmark Amendments, SARON 
Benchmark Amendments or TONA Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in Condition 5(d), Condition 5(f) and Condition 5(g) or (ii) in effecting 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(e) or (iii) to any 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 5(l) or Condition 5(m), where applicable. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In any determination of whether or not an amendment is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the Notes, regard shall be had to the general interests of the 
holders of Notes as a class, but no regard shall be had to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual holders of Notes, whatever their number. In 
particular, but without limitation, no regard shall be had to the consequences of any such 
exercise for individual holders of Notes (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and no holder 
of Notes shall be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or any other person, any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such modification upon individual 
holders of Notes (except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8). 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, elect to substitute a subsidiary or 
parent company of the Issuer, or its successor in business, in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor under the Notes (each such substitute being hereinafter referred to as the 
"Substitute Obligor") provided that in each case:

--- Page 202 ---
11/86235560_3 
192 
(i) 
the Notes are (other than where the Substitute Obligor is the successor in business) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee, on a basis equivalent to the ranking of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Obligor shall execute a deed poll pursuant to which it undertakes 
and assumes the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes (including its 
obligations under the Deed of Covenant) as fully as if the Substitute Obligor had 
been named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous Substitute Obligor, as the case may be); 
(iii) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that (i) it has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents necessary for its assumptions of the duties and liabilities 
as Substitute Obligor under the Notes in place of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
any previous Substitute Obligor and (ii) such approvals and consents are at the 
time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
two directors of the Substitute Obligor certify to the Agent (such certification to 
be made available at the Agent's specified office for inspection by holders of the 
Notes) that the Substitute Obligor is solvent at the time at which the substitution 
is proposed to be in effect, and immediately thereafter; and 
(v) 
if the Notes are rated (where such rating was assigned at the request of the Issuer) 
by one or more credit rating agencies of international standing immediately prior 
to such substitution, the Notes shall continue to be rated by each such rating 
agency immediately following such substitution, and each credit rating agency 
shall have confirmed that the credit ratings assigned to the Notes by each such 
credit rating agency immediately following such substitution are expected to be 
no lower than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto. 
In connection with any such substitution, the Issuer and/or the Substitute Obligor may, 
without the need for the approval of the Noteholders, make such consequential 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as may be appropriate to reflect 
such assumption of obligations by the Substitute Obligor, provided that such amendments 
are not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Such amendments may 
include that references in these Terms and Conditions to the Kingdom of Norway may be 
amended to include (in addition or in the alternative to, as appropriate, the Kingdom of 
Norway) the jurisdiction of incorporation (or, in the case of the definition of Tax 
Jurisdiction", each relevant tax jurisdiction) of such Substitute Obligor. 
Any substitution effected in accordance with this Condition 17(c), and any such 
consequential amendments made to the Terms and Conditions in accordance with this 
Condition 17, shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
As used herein, "successor in business" means, in relation to the Issuer (or any previous 
Substitute Obligor, as the case may be), any company which as a result of any 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, beneficially owns the whole or substantially the 
whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer prior to such 
amalgamation, merger, reconstruction or agreement coming into force and carries on as 
successor to the Issuer the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by 
the Issuer immediately prior thereto. 
(d) 
Regulatory Approval 
Any amendment to or modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any 
substitution of the Issuer as provided in this Condition 17 shall, if applicable, be 
conditional upon the Issuer having obtained approval from the Relevant Regulator, if and 
to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator or under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(i).

--- Page 203 ---
11/86235560_3 
193 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the issue date, the issue price and the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes provided, however, that in the case of any issue of Notes in registered 
form, for purposes of U.S. federal income taxation (regardless of whether any Noteholders are 
subject to U.S. federal income tax laws), such further notes are either (i) not issued with original 
issue discount, (ii) issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount, or (iii) 
issued in a "qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
19. 
Provision of Information 
For so long as any Restricted Notes remain outstanding and are "restricted securities" (as defined 
in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the Issuer shall, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting pursuant to 
Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act, make available to any holder of, or beneficial owner of 
an interest in, such Notes in connection with any resale thereof and to any prospective purchaser 
designated by such holder or beneficial owner, in each case upon request, the information specified 
in, and meeting the requirements of, Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
20. 
Third-Party Rights 
Save as provided in Condition 19, no rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law except for (i) the provisions of 
Condition 2; (ii) the provisions of Condition 3; (iii) the provisions of Condition 4; (iv) the 
provisions of Condition 11; (v) the provisions of Condition 22; and (vi) any other write-
down or conversion of the Notes in accordance with Norwegian law and regulation 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time, which in each case shall be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. VPS Notes must comply with the 
Norwegian Act relating to Central Securities Depositories and Securities Settlement etc. 
of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes will 
be entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
this Act and any related regulations and legislation.  
(b) 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith) and that accordingly 
any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 204 ---
11/86235560_3 
194 
Nothing contained in this Condition 21 shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not. 
The Issuer appoints DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) at its registered office for the time being at 
8th Floor, The Walbrook Building, 25 Walbrook, London, EC4N 8AF as its agent for service of 
process, and undertakes that, in the event of DNB Bank ASA (London Branch) ceasing so to act 
or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
22. 
Contractual Recognition of Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
(a) 
Agreement, acknowledgement and consent with respect to the exercise of the Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 22, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes), by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in 
(without limitation) any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer 
or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the duration of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date(s) on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Relevant Amounts 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amount in relation to the Notes, will become due 
and payable or be paid after the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have been 
reduced, converted, written-down, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise.

--- Page 205 ---
11/86235560_3 
195 
(c) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amount, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a 
result of the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Norwegian 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes will constitute an Event of Default. 
(d) 
Notice 
Upon the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to any Notes, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably 
practicable notify the Agent in writing of such exercise and give notice of the same to 
Holders in accordance with Condition 16. Any delay or failure by the Issuer in delivering 
any notice referred to in this Condition 22 shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
In this Condition 22: 
"Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and 
exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom 
of Norway, relating to (i) the transposition into Norwegian law of the BRRD, including Sections 
20-14 and 20-24 to 20-26 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act, and (ii) the instruments, 
rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any 
affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes and any other amounts which 
may otherwise be or become payable at any time in connection with the Notes. References to such 
amounts will include (but are not limited to) amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority; and 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the (or each) resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 206 ---
11/86235560_3 
196 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, be used by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes, including the repayment of borrowings incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of Notes issued by the Issuer may be used to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Green Loans under the Issuer's green finance framework, as 
amended from time to time (the "DNB Green Finance Framework") (available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-and-rating/green-bond-framework and in effect at the time of issuance of 
the Notes). Such Notes will be referred to as "Green Bonds". Any information, on, or accessible though 
the Issuer's website and the information in the DNB Green Finance Framework is not incorporated by 
reference, and does not constitute part of, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection 
with making any investment decision with respect to Green Bonds. The net proceeds from Green Bonds 
will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach, and allocations and use of proceeds are allocated and 
monitored by DNB's internal green finance committee. The committee consists of members from several 
departments, including Group Treasury, Personal Banking/DNB Boligkreditt, Corporate Banking, the 
Corporate Responsibility & Public Affairs Department and Group Credit Risk Management.  
Eligible Green Loans include those which support the transition to a low-carbon and climate resilient 
economy, specifically with respect to financing and refinancing projects related to (i) new or existing green 
residential buildings in Norway, (ii) renewable energy (including wind power, solar power, hydropower 
and electricity transmission and storage) and (iii) clean transportation (including the development, 
manufacture, retrofit and purchase of zero direct (tailpipe) CO2 emissions vehicles, public and mass 
transportation as well as related components and infrastructure). Eligible Green Loans will be assessed and 
monitored according to a framework and set of criteria available on the Issuer's website.  
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
11/86235560_3 
197 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE DNB GROUP 
Overview 
The DNB Group is Norway's largest financial services group as measured by total assets, with total assets 
of NOK 3,896 billion as of 31 March 2024 compared to NOK 3,537 billion as of 31 March 2023. The Bank 
and its subsidiaries offer corporate, retail and investment banking services and products to customers in 
Norway and internationally. The Bank is the largest company in the DNB Group. As of 31 March 2024, 
the DNB Group had loans to customers of NOK 2,009 billion compared to NOK 2,009 billion as of 31 
March 2023. The DNB Group's profit for the three months ended 31 March 2024 was NOK 10.2 billion, 
compared to NOK 10.5 billion for the three months ended 31 March 2023. The DNB Group's profit for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 was NOK 39.5 billion compared to NOK 33.4 billion for the year ended 31 
December 2022.  
The DNB Group's head office is located in Oslo, Norway. DNB Bank ASA conducts its banking operations 
through the Bank and its subsidiaries and offers life insurance and pension saving products and asset 
management services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries DNB Livsforsikring AS and DNB Asset 
Management AS, as set forth below in "—Legal Structure of the DNB Group". The DNB Group offers a 
full range of financial services, including loans, savings and investment, payment transfers, advisory 
services, real estate broking, insurance and pension products for personal and corporate customers. The 
Bank is a major operator in a number of industries, for which the Bank also has a Nordic or international 
strategy. DNB is one of the world's leading banks and has a strong position within its international priority 
areas, especially the energy, shipping and seafood industries. The Bank wholly owns DNB Boligkreditt 
AS, a company which provides loans secured by residential property for up to 75.0 per cent. of the property's 
appraised value. DNB Boligkreditt is licenced to operate as a mortgage institution with the right to issue 
covered bonds and has a key role in ensuring the DNB Group's long-term funding. 
As of 31 December 2023, the DNB Group had approximately 2 million personal customers and 237 
thousand corporate customers. 
Recent and Planned Changes 
On 12 December 2023, it was announced that Fremtind Forsikring AS and Eika Forsikring had reached an 
agreement to merge the two insurance companies. The merger is subject to regulatory approval and if the 
merger is approved, it is anticipated to be completed in the second or third quarter of 2024. The Bank will 
own 28.46 per cent. of the company post-merger. 
History of the Bank 
The Bank traces its roots back to 1822, when Norway's first savings bank, Christiana Sparebank, was 
founded. The Bank was formed through mergers of several Norwegian banks. The name DnB NOR Bank 
ASA was adopted in 2003, when DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA merged. The Bank 
subsidiaries, DnB Holding ASA and Gjensidige NOR ASA, Den norske Bank ASA and Gjensidige NOR 
Sparebank ASA, respectively, merged on 19 January 2004. 
On 11 November 2011, the Bank changed its name from DnB NOR Bank ASA to DNB Bank ASA. On the 
same date, several other DNB Group companies changed their names, including the holding company of 
the DNB Group, which changed its name from DnB NOR ASA to DNB ASA. 
On 30 September 2019, the Bank completed the sale of part of its ownership interest in Luminor, a financial 
institution headquartered in Estonia, with branches in Latvia and Lithuania. The sale was made to a 
consortium led by private equity funds managed by Blackstone. As of 31 December 2022, the Bank holds 
a 19.95 per cent. stake in the Luminor Holding Group through its wholly owned subsidiary DNB Baltic 
Invest AB.

--- Page 208 ---
11/86235560_3 
198 
As described in further detail below, as of 1 July 2021, the merger of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA was 
completed, with DNB Bank ASA as the surviving company.  
In March 2022, the Bank acquired a majority of the shares of the Norwegian bank Sbanken ASA 
("Sbanken"). Pursuant to a compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares, Sbanken became a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Bank in April 2022. Following the completion of the acquisition, the Bank and 
Sbanken merged in May 2023. The merger was carried out by Sbanken transferring all its business, 
including all assets, rights and obligations, to the Bank as the acquiring company in the merger. No merger 
consideration was paid. Sbanken Boligkreditt AS and Boligkreditt merged on 4 September 2023. The 
acquisition of Sbanken reduced the CET1 Ratio of the DNB Group by approximately 125 basis points with 
effect from the first quarter of 2022. 
The DNB Group is working continuously to streamline its distribution network and facilitate self-service 
solutions. The number of active mobile banking users passed 1.4 million active users at the end of 2023. 
As a result of new technology and digital services, the DNB Group's customers use the Bank in different 
ways. While the use of digital services has significantly increased in recent years, there has been a prolonged 
decline in the number of visitors to the Bank's branch offices. 
The registered office of the Bank is at Dronning Eufemias gate 30, NO-0191 Oslo, Norway and its telephone 
number is +47 915 04800. The Bank is incorporated as a public limited company (in Norwegian: 
allmennaksjeselskap) under the Norwegian Act on Commercial Banks of 24 May 1961 No. 2 (which was 
replaced by the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act from 1 January 2016). 
The Merger 
On 21 October 2020, the Board of Directors of DNB ASA and DNB Bank ASA signed a joint merger plan, 
in which it was proposed that the companies' extraordinary General Meetings approve a merger of the two 
companies through a reverse subsidiary merger, involving the transfer of all DNB ASA's assets, rights and 
obligations to DNB Bank ASA. The joint merger plan was approved at the General Meeting of each 
company on 30 November 2020 and the merger was effective as of 1 July 2021. 
Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares in DNB Bank ASA were 
simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021.  
Legal Structure of the DNB Group 
In accordance with the requirements of the Norwegian regulatory authorities, the banking, asset 
management and insurance activities of the DNB Group are currently performed by separate parts of the 
DNB Group. All asset management activities are organised under a common holding company, DNB Asset 
Management Holding AS. DNB Livsforsikring AS offers life insurance and pension saving products, both 
products with guaranteed returns and products with a choice of investment profile. Banking activities are 
conducted by the Bank and its subsidiaries. Fremtind Forsikring AS offers non-life (property and casualty) 
insurance products to retail and corporate customers. 
The Bank manages the general affairs of the DNB Group, including the planning, supervision and financial 
control of the DNB Group's businesses. 
The chart below shows the DNB Group's legal structure following the completion of the merger. The figures 
include the major subsidiaries of the DNB Group.

--- Page 209 ---
11/86235560_3 
199 
 
Control of the Issuer 
DNB Bank ASA is listed on the regulated market of Oslo Børs and is subject to disclosure requirements 
under Norwegian law applicable to listed companies, as well as the reputation of the Oslo Børs. In addition, 
there are statutory measures whose objectives are to prevent abuse of control in place under the Norwegian 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act. The Norwegian Financial Institutions Act imposes stricter rules 
for banks. The Norwegian Ministry of Finance must assess and approve all shareholders that own or acquire 
a qualified amount (usually 10 per cent. or more) of shares in a financial undertaking.  
Strategy, Vision and Values 
The DNB Group's long-term ambitions as set out in its corporate strategy, launched in the summer of 2020, 
are to create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and achieve its financial targets.  
Creating the Best Customer Experiences 
In a market with increasingly transparent and open value chains, strong customer relationships are crucial 
in order to retain DNB Group's customers and ensure continued profitability. The DNB Group aims to 
create the best customer experiences so that customers choose DNB and to ensure that customer 
relationships are maintained. Sustainable restructuring is increasingly important to achieve competitiveness 
in the business sector. The DNB Group's customers have high expectations of how sustainability is 
integrated into DNB's advisory services, products, and financing solutions. 
Ensure Compliance 
New national and international rules and legislation are constantly being adopted and applied to the 
financial services industry. At the same time, the expectations from the DNB Group's customers and owners 
are increasing, especially in relation to sustainability topics, such as climate issues and environmental, 
social and governance factors. The DNB Group aims to secure long-term value creation and responsible 
operations by maintaining a high level of compliance expertise, as well as by thoroughly and systematically 
refining corporate governance and controls. All of the DNB Group's employees and others who work on 
the DNB Group's behalf must understand their scope of action and work towards a strong culture of 
compliance. By ensuring compliance, the DNB Group believes it will build and retain the trust of the DNB 
Group's customers, owners and society in general. 
Deliver on Financial Targets  
The DNB Group aims to achieve good, long-term returns. Delivering on financial targets provides the 
necessary scope of action to position the DNB Group for the future, while ensuring long-term value

--- Page 210 ---
11/86235560_3 
200 
creation. The DNB Group aims to do this by focusing on earnings, a responsible cost level, effective capital 
use, integration of sustainability throughout the company, and an adaptable and effective organisation.  
In November 2022, the DNB Group launched its financial ambitions for the period 2022-2025. The 
overriding target for return on equity was updated from more than 12 per cent. to more than 13 per cent. 
The targets of a cost/income ratio of below 40 per cent. and a dividend pay-out ratio above 50 per cent. 
remained unchanged. Additionally, the DNB Group aims to increase net commissions and fees by between 
4 and 5 per cent. annually. The DNB Group's dividend policy remains unchanged, with a payout ratio of 
more than 50 per cent. in cash dividends and an ambition to increase the nominal dividend per share each 
year. 
Sustainability Strategy 
In June 2021, the DNB Group launched its revitalised sustainability strategy. Sustainability is integrated 
into all parts of the DNB Group's business operations and supports the DNB Group's strategic ambitions to 
create the best customer experiences, ensure compliance and deliver on financial targets. The DNB Group 
will be a driving force for sustainable transition and will use its position and expertise to actively help the 
customers to move in a more sustainable direction, through advisory services, financing and clear 
requirements. The DNB Group will primarily use positive influence but may also choose not to provide 
financing to certain companies or industries that are not in line with its strategy. The DNB Group's 
sustainable strategy focuses on three priority areas: 
The DNB Group finances the climate transition and is a driving force for sustainable value creation. 
The DNB Group is a driving force for diversity and inclusion. 
The DNB Group combats financial crime and contributes to a secure digital economy. 
On 17 October 2023, the DNB Group published its transition plan which sets out its 2030 interim targets, 
how it will drive the transition, the business implications of the net-zero commitment, and the tools the 
DNB Group has for engaging with customers to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. The transition plan 
includes targets covering around 70 per cent. of the DNB Group’s portfolio (including mortgages, 
commercial real estate, oil and gas and others). In the transition plan, the DNB Group has also set targets 
for its activities where the DNB Group invest on behalf of its customers (via DNB Asset Management, 
DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Næringseiendom). To secure implementation of the transition plan across 
the DNB Group, a project group has started to carry out the activities described in the plan, in addition to 
updating the relevant governing documents. DNB’s updated Sustainable Product Framework, which was 
developed in collaboration with DNB’s business partner Sustainalytics, and the updated Green Finance 
Framework, under which DNB can issue green bonds, were also published in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
To strengthen the DNB Group’s work on nature and biodiversity, a project group has been established to 
map the DNB Group’s impact on nature within relevant sectors in the lending and investment portfolio, in 
addition to mapping the risks and opportunities for the DNB Group. 
DNB Group Operational Structure 
The DNB Group's operational structure enables it to quickly and effectively adapt to changes in customer 
behaviour, and to develop products and services that meet customer needs. 
The chart below sets forth the operational structure of the DNB Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 211 ---
11/86235560_3 
201 
 
The business areas consist of the customer areas, Personal Banking and Corporate Banking, and the product 
areas, Wealth Management, Markets and Products & Innovation.  
Personal Banking serves the DNB Group's personal customers and is the market leader in the Norwegian 
personal customer market. Customers are offered a wide range of services through a modern distribution 
network which includes mobile solutions, customer service centres and online banking, as well as branch 
offices and real estate broking. Corporate Banking serves the DNB Group's corporate customers and 
includes the DNB Group's customers in the Norwegian business community and public sector, as well as 
all international customers and financial institutions. 
DNB Markets is one of Norway's leading investment firms and provides the DNB Group's customers with 
investment banking services, including risk management, investment and financing products in the capital 
markets. The Wealth Management product area is responsible for developing the DNB Group's savings, 
investment and pension products, and delivers defined-contribution pension schemes to all its customers in 
close cooperation with the customer areas. Wealth Management is also responsible for all the DNB Group's 
mutual fund products.  
The Payments and Innovation product area is focused on strategic business development and is responsible 
for three Group functions: innovation, payments (including associated infrastructure) and Open Banking, 
which works on opening up the DNB Group's infrastructure to allow third-party service providers to access 
DNB Group data in order to provide services to DNB Group customers. The Payments and Innovation area 
also includes DNB Finans, the DNB Group's product area for, inter alia, leasing, car leasing and factoring. 
The DNB Group's six staff and support units are Group Finance, Group Compliance, Group Risk 
Management ("GRM"), Technology & Services, People, and Communications. These units provide 
infrastructure services to the business areas and certain operational tasks that provide cost efficiencies if 
undertaken collectively for several business areas. Furthermore, the staff and support units perform 
functions for the governing bodies and management of the DNB Group. The size and capacity of the support 
units is a function of the volume of business and the DNB Group's strategy. The support units are each 
designated as separate and independent entities.  
DNB Group Reporting Structure – Business Segments 
Financial governance in the DNB Group is adapted to the different segments. The income statements and 
balance sheets for the segments are presented in accordance with internal financial reporting principles, 
according to which revenues, costs and capital requirements are allocated to the segments based on a 
number of assumptions. Reported figures for the different segments thus reflect the DNB Group's total sales 
of products and services to the relevant segments. The follow-up of total customer relationships and

--- Page 212 ---
11/86235560_3 
202 
segment profitability are two important dimensions when making strategic priorities and deciding on where 
to allocate the DNB Group's resources. 
A description of the DNB Group's business segments for financial reporting purposes as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus is set out below. 
Personal Customers 
This segment includes the DNB Group's approximately 2 million personal customers in Norway as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The customers are offered a wide range of services through Norway's largest 
distribution network, comprising branch offices, telephone banking, digital banking, mobile banking 
solutions, real estate broking as well as external channels such as banking in stores.  
Personal Customers includes the DNB Group's total sales of products and services to personal customers 
in Norway, both digital and physical, with the exception of certain fixed interest residential mortgages, 
which are recorded under Traditional pension products. These mortgage portfolios were transferred to DNB 
Livsforsikring to reduce the balance sheet of the DNB Group, and are reported as part of traditional pension 
products, where returns accrue to the policyholders.  
In the DNB Group's consolidated financial statements, the residential loan portfolio of DNB Boligkreditt 
is reported as part of the Personal Customers segment. The remaining part of the DNB Boligkreditt business 
is reported as part of Other operations. Loans to customers booked in DNB Boligkreditt as of 31 March 
2024 amounted to NOK 682 billion.  
DNB Eiendom is reported within Personal Customers and is Norway's largest real estate broker. The 
company offers services related to the sale of residential and holiday properties and housing projects, as 
well as advisory services in connection with the sale of other real estate.  
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking includes the DNB Group's Norwegian corporate customers, the public sector, all 
international customers and financial institutions. The DNB Group's ambition is to maintain a leading 
position in Norway and strengthen its operations internationally within selected industries for its largest 
customers, while strengthening initiatives in the small and medium-sized corporate customer and start-up 
sectors.  
Other operations  
Other operations includes the results from risk management in DNB Markets and from traditional pension 
products in DNB Livsforsikring. In addition, the Other operations segment includes group items not 
allocated to the customer segments, such as market-making and other trading activities in fixed income, 
currencies and commodities (FICC) as well as equities, including risk management of the risk inherent in 
customer transactions. DNB Markets' trading activities support the customer activities.  
Competition 
The DNB Group operates in highly competitive markets, particularly for residential mortgages, which is 
the principal product of its Personal Customers segment. The DNB Group's competitors include, among 
others, Nordea, SEB, Danske Bank, Swedbank, Svenska Handelsbanken and the different Norwegian 
Saving Banks. The emergence of services that facilitate price comparisons of banking services and 
products, as well as making it easier to change banks, promotes competition between financial services 
providers and gives customers better and less costly services. The revised Payment Services Directive, 
which applies in the European Union as of 13 January 2018 and was implemented in Norwegian law from 
1 April 2019, has led and is expected by the DNB Group Management to continue to lead to further

--- Page 213 ---
11/86235560_3 
203 
innovation, competition and development of payment services. See also "Risk Factors—Other Risks 
Related to the DNB Group's Business—Competition in Norway and in the international markets in which 
the DNB Group operates could have a negative effect on the DNB Group's business".  
The following table sets out Norwegian lending and deposit market shares of the DNB Group as of 29 
February 2024, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.  
 
 
As of  
 
29 
February 
2024  
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
 
(per cent.) 
Personal customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to households(1)(2) ............................. 
23.2 
24.2 
22.4 
Bank deposits from households(1)(3) .................... 
29.8 
31.8 
28.7 
Corporate customers  
 
 
 
Total loans to corporate customers(4) .................. 
12.1 
12.3 
10.8 
Deposits from corporate customers(5) ................. 
33.5 
37.4 
36.6 
Sources: Statistics Norway, DNB 
 ______________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Households are defined as employees, recipients of property income, pensions and social contributions, students etc., 
housing cooperatives etc., unincorporated enterprises within households and non-profit institutions serving households. 
(2) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings banks, state banks, 
insurance companies and finance companies. 
(3) 
Domestic commercial and savings banks. 
(4) 
Total loans include all credits extended to Norwegian customers by domestic commercial and savings banks, state banks, 
insurance companies, finance companies and foreign institutions, as well as bonds and commercial paper. Excluding 
loans to financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
(5) 
Excluding deposits from financial institutions, central government and social security services. 
Employees 
The DNB Group believes its employees are its most important resource in developing and maintaining good 
customer relationships and creating value. Ethics are emphasized in all parts of the organisation and are 
viewed as key to maintaining trust from the outside world. Ethics and anti-corruption are organised under 
the DNB Group's compliance unit. A particularly important task is to implement ongoing measures aimed 
at all employees in Norway and in the organisation's international operations to ensure the right attitudes 
across the DNB Group. Based on a risk-based approach, the purpose is to implement targeted initiatives in 
those parts of the organisation which are deemed to be most exposed to ethical challenges and corruption 
risk. Training and other activities are tailored to give units and employees the best possible and most 
relevant assistance. 
As of 31 March 2024, the DNB Group had 10,584 full-time employees, a decrease from 10,617 employees 
as of 31 December 2023 and 10,351 employees as of 31 December 2022.  
Information Technology  
IT development resources are incorporated into the DNB Group's business areas to strengthen its focus on 
digital customer channels and ensure good digital customer experiences. 
Automation, improved real-time monitoring and adherence to the incident, change and problem processes, 
have lifted operational stability significantly over the last years. Automated internal controls for the change 
management process have been implemented to seek to reduce errors and incidents. In addition, there has

--- Page 214 ---
11/86235560_3 
204 
been focus on root cause analysis and preventive actions as well as documented compliance to the relevant 
IT processes for all IT in the DNB Group.   
Group-wide IT services and operations are handled in a support unit called Technology & Services.  
Insurance 
DNB Group's insurance program is an integral part of its operational risk management. The DNB Group 
enters into insurance contracts to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in 
spite of established security routines and other risk-mitigating measures. The DNB Group has a broad-
based insurance program that includes, among other things, coverage relating to professional indemnity 
(PI), directors and officers liability (D&O), and property and criminal attacks (internal and external fraud 
and crime, including "bankers blanket bond and computer crime/cyber risk"). 
Real Property 
The Bank's principal executive offices are located in Oslo, Norway. It also operates through a number of 
other offices and branches located throughout the Nordic markets and elsewhere internationally. The Bank 
does not own any material real property. 
Litigation  
Due to its extensive operations in Norway and abroad, the DNB Group will regularly be party to a number 
of legal actions. None of the current disputes are expected to have any material impact on the DNB Group's 
financial position.  
In February 2020, the NFSA conducted an anti-money laundering inspection of the Bank in relation to its 
operations in Norway. On 7 December 2020, DNB announced that a preliminary report from the NFSA 
indicated the possibility of an administrative fine of NOK 400 million, due to inadequate compliance with 
the Norwegian Anti-Money Laundering Act. On 3 May 2021, NFSA published its final report and a 
resolution related to this case (both dated 30 April 2021), confirming that the fine was imposed. DNB has 
already recognised the total fine in its annual financial statements for 2020. DNB has not been under 
suspicion of money laundering or complicity in money laundering. However, in its report of 30 April 2021 
the NFSA was critical of DNB's compliance with the AML regulations and remediation of weaknesses 
identified in prior inspections. The DNB Group acknowledged that the anti-money laundering efforts had 
not given sufficient results at the time of the inspection, and the DNB Group therefore announced the same 
day that it accepted the fine imposed by the NFSA.  
As part of its follow-up, on 19 April 2022 the NFSA issued a decision to order the Bank to collect and store 
legal identification for remaining customers, persons acting on behalf of customers and persons with 
disposal rights over an account or deposit, by 1 August 2022. As agreed with the NFSA, the Bank reported 
on the implementation and progress of the order per 1 August 2022 within the reporting deadline of 8 
August 2022. 
On 1 September 2022, the NFSA imposed compulsory fines on the Bank for failing to comply with the 
NFSA's order of 19 April 2022. These fines comprised NOK 50,000 per business day from 2 September 
2022 until the NFSA found that their order was satisfied. Pursuant to Norwegian law, a coercive fine is not 
classified as an "administrative sanction", but instead an "administrative measure", which is not considered 
punishment for a previous breach of compliance but rather a forward-looking measure to incentivise an 
increased effort to comply with a decision. On 29 June 2023, the NFSA stated that it was satisfied with the 
Bank's customer identity verification status, and the compulsory fines of NOK 50,000 per day ceased to be 
effective from 24 April 2023.

--- Page 215 ---
11/86235560_3 
205 
New tax rules for life insurance and pensions companies were introduced for the fiscal year 2018, with 
associated transitional rules. When the financial statements and tax return for DNB Livsforsikring were 
prepared in 2018, it was unclear how the transitional rules should be interpreted, and DNB Livsforsikring 
did not agree with the Norwegian Tax Administration's interpretation of the original wording of the law. 
Based on an overall assessment, the net tax effect associated with the transitional rules was included as a 
tax income of NOK 880 million for the DNB Group. In the 2018 tax return, DNB Livsforsikring demanded 
a larger tax deduction than the tax effect recognised in the accounts. In January 2022, DNB Livsforsikring 
received a final decision concerning a change in the tax assessment for 2018. DNB Livsforsikring has 
appealed the decision to the Norwegian tax appeal board, Skatteklagenemnda. On the basis of a new review 
of the matter, a tax expense of NOK 299 million was recognised in the accounts in the fourth quarter of 
2021 related to the transition effect in 2018. The final outcome of the matter is uncertain and may result in 
either lower or higher tax deductions than those used as the basis in the DNB Group accounts. If DNB 
Livsforsikring does not win its case on any of the points, this will give a further increased tax expense of 
NOK 460 million related to the transition effect in 2018.  
In July 2021, the Bank received a decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating to the deduction of 
external interest expenses. According to Norwegian tax legislation, external interest expenses are to be 
distributed proportionally among companies' operations in Norway and certain international branch offices 
based on the respective entities' total assets. This could result in additions or deductions from the companies' 
income in Norway. The decision calculates the limitation of interest deduction by including internal 
receivables and covers the fiscal years 2015-2019. The decision represents a tax exposure of NOK 1.7 
billion for the period in question. The estimated tax effect for the years 2020-2023 amounts to a total of 
approximately NOK 180 million. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' interpretation of the 
legislation. Legal proceedings were initiated in 2021 and the first level of court proceedings took place at 
the beginning of May 2022. The first level court decision of 4 June 2022 was not in favour of the Bank and 
was appealed by the Bank on 4 August 2022.  On 29 November 2023, the second level court decision ruled 
in favour of the Bank. The tax authorities have appealed this decision, and on 22 February 2024, the Appeals 
Selection Committee of the Supreme Court allowed for the appeal to be brought before the Supreme Court. 
Timing for proceedings in the Supreme Court is not known as of the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
provisions have been recognised in the accounts. However, there can be no assurance that the final decision 
will be made in favour of the Bank. 
In the second quarter of 2023, the Bank received a draft decision from the Norwegian tax authorities relating 
to the reorganization of its lending activities in Sweden and in the UK in 2015. The tax authorities 
questioned the valuation and calculation of taxable gains/losses relating to loan portfolios that were sold 
from branch offices of the Bank to subsidiaries in Sweden and the UK. The Group’s maximum tax exposure 
is estimated to be approximately NOK 1.2 billion. The Bank disagrees with the tax authorities' approach, 
and accordingly no provision has been recognised in its accounts. However, the final outcome of the dispute 
remains unclear, and there can be no assurance that an adverse outcome would not have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's profitability or results of operations. 
In June 2023, the Court of Justice of the European Union ("CJEU") issued a judgment in connection with 
a judicial proceeding against a Polish bank not related to the Bank concerning foreign currency loan 
agreements in Poland. The judgment clarifies what claims the parties to a loan agreement can make against 
each other, if a national court finds that the loan agreement is invalid. The CJEU's decision is expected to 
affect other Polish banks with similar loan agreements. Based on the clarification from the CJEU, DNB 
Poland estimates an increased legal risk associated with a legacy foreign currency portfolio, and the 
accounts for the full year 2023 therefore include impairment of financial instruments of NOK 671 million.

--- Page 216 ---
11/86235560_3 
206 
RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management 
The ability to manage risk is of crucial importance in the financial service industry and is a prerequisite for 
value creation over time. The Bank aims to maintain a low risk profile and to only assume risk that is 
understood and can be monitored. Risk management implies that profitability is considered relative to risk, 
while ensuring that the DNB Group is secured against unintentional risk. Healthy risk management is based 
on a strong risk culture, which is characterised by a high level of awareness concerning risk and risk 
management in the organisation. The DNB Group policy for risk management sets out the principles for all 
of the DNB Group's risk management activities and defines the ambitions for, attitudes towards and 
organisation of risk management. All managers are responsible for risk within their own area of 
responsibility. Risk is managed through personal authorisations and risk limits. Risk management functions 
and the development of risk management tools are undertaken by units which are independent of operations 
in individual business areas. 
Responsibilities and organisation 
Roles and responsibilities relating to risk management are distributed in accordance with a corporate 
governance model with three lines of defence, as described in the principles for internal control, risk 
management and compliance. The interaction between the first, second and third line functions are set to 
ensure a high level of quality in the risk management. Defining clear roles and authorisations is a 
prerequisite for good interaction. 
First line of defence 
The principles for internal control, risk management and compliance state that all risk is owned by the first 
line of defence, which includes all of the DNB Group's operational functions (business areas and staff and 
support units). Risk is to be owned at the lowest possible organisational level. Risk owners are responsible 
for ensuring that the risk management requirements are complied with in the first line of defence. The term 
risk owner refers to a person with overall responsibility for – and authority to manage – a risk. A risk owner 
may be the head of an organisational unit or the owner of a product, service or process.  
The first line of defence is responsible for risk management within its own area of responsibility and for 
documenting compliance with governing requirements. This responsibility includes establishing strategies, 
frameworks and/or authorisations, conducting risk assessments, using models and tools for quantifying risk, 
and performing risk reporting and control activities. The first line of defence shall have the competence 
required to perform its risk management responsibilities and the capacity to deal with unexpected incidents, 
including sudden shifts in macroeconomic conditions or in specific markets.  
Second line of defence 
The second line of defence consists of the risk management function and the compliance function. Group 
Risk Management (GRM) constitutes the DNB Group's independent risk management function. This 
function is to advise the first line of defence on risk management issues, and must have the competence and 
capacity to contribute proactively to sound risk management in all parts of the DNB Group.  
GRM is led by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who is a member of the Group Management team and has 
the opportunity to report directly to the Board of Directors. The CRO cannot be dismissed without the 
approval of the Board. GRM's areas of responsibility include:  
• 
Determining the DNB Group's risk appetite and ensuring that the risk appetite framework 
functions effectively;

--- Page 217 ---
11/86235560_3 
207 
• 
endorsing decisions on risk-taking in the areas of credit, market and liquidity risk; 
• 
having the ownership of and managing models and measurement methods for financial risk; 
• 
having the overall responsibility for the independent validation of models;  
• 
having the overall responsibility for stress testing and for recommending measures based on the 
conclusions of the stress tests;  
• 
carrying out independent assessments and controls of the risk level and reporting on risk to the 
Group Management team and the Board; and 
• 
preparing the DNB Group's recovery plan and following up the DNB Group's crisis management 
plan.  
GRM is to be involved in assessments that have a material impact on the DNB Group's overall risk exposure 
and is to ensure that risks are assessed, managed, measured, monitored, reported and controlled adequately 
by the relevant business areas and staff and support units. In addition, the GRM shall monitor, report and 
give advice on the risk situation independently of the units that own and manage the risks. GRM must 
therefore have direct access to relevant information and unprocessed transaction data. The compliance 
function is an independent control function that reports, controls and advises on compliance risks.  
Third line of defence 
Group Audit is the third line of defence and assists the Board in ensuring that the DNB Group's risk 
management is of sufficient quality. Group Audit is independent of the DNB Group's executive 
management and reports to the Board. 
Board of Directors 
The management of the Bank falls within the authority of the Board of Directors (the "Board"). The Board 
shall ensure that the DNB Group's business operations are responsibly organised, which includes making 
sure that the requirements for the organisation of the business operations and the establishment of 
appropriate management and control systems are fulfilled. The Board is responsible for drawing up plans 
and budgets for the company's operations, and for issuing guidelines for these. The Board is responsible for 
approving and regularly assessing the guidelines for exposing the company to individual risks and total 
risk, and for identifying, managing, monitoring and controlling risks that the company is or may be exposed 
to, including system risk. The Board has a duty to keep itself informed about the company's financial 
position and to ensure that the company's activities, accounts and asset management are subject to adequate 
control. The Board is responsible for ensuring that the company is adequately capitalised and has sufficient 
liquidity relative to the risk and scope of its operations, and that all statutory capital requirements are met.  
The Board shall initiate the investigations it finds necessary to be able to perform its duties. The Board 
must implement such examinations when a demand to that effect has been made by one or more of the 
board members.  
The Board is responsible for supervising the day-to-day management of the DNB Group's activities in 
general. The Board shall draw up instructions regarding the day-to-day management of the DNB Group, 
and must ensure that the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") regularly informs the Board of the DNB Group's 
operations, risk taking, capital adequacy, position and profit performance.  
The Board shall annually evaluate its own work and competence. The Board shall annually evaluate the 
CEO through the Compensation Committee. This evaluation forms the basis for the determination of the 
CEO's salary and bonus that are adopted by the Board.

--- Page 218 ---
11/86235560_3 
208 
The Board is assisted by the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Compensation 
and Organisation Committee. 
Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee has the authority to investigate all matters relating to the DNB Group 
that the Committee finds relevant for performing its tasks. The Committee has the following tasks:  
• 
monitor and supervise the DNB Group's systems for internal control and risk management, 
including the DNB Group guidelines for risk management and compliance and internal audit 
processes. The supervision requirement also applies to the DNB Group's international operations, 
including its regional offices in New York, London, Singapore and Stockholm. The Committee 
exercises the role of 'US Risk Committee,' in accordance with US rules and legislation;  
• 
advise the Board on the DNB Group's risk profile, including the DNB Group's current and future 
risk appetite and strategy. Advice given to the Board of Directors may cover strategies for capital 
and liquidity management, credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, conduct risk, 
reputational risk, and other risks facing the DNB Group; 
• 
prepare the Board's follow-up of risk management in the DNB Group, including reviewing and 
assessing the administration's risk reporting with a particular focus on:  
o 
capitalisation of the DNB Group (internal capital adequacy assessment process, ICAAP);  
o 
significant changes in models for calculating risk-adjusted capital and risk-adjusted 
return; and 
o 
follow-up of risk frameworks and strategies;  
• 
follow up the DNB Group's implementation and follow-up of the adopted risk appetite and 
strategy, and provide an account to the Board that includes a summary of the overall risk situation 
and points out risk issues of particular importance. 
Members of the Risk Management Committee are currently Jens Petter Olsen (Chair), Gro Bakstad, Lillian 
Hattrem, Julie Galbo and Christine Bosse, appointed among the members of the Board. In addition to the 
members of the Committee, the following must normally attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the Chief 
Financial Officer ("CFO"), the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO"), the Group Chief Compliance Officer and the 
Group Chief Audit Executive. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee shall ensure that the DNB Group has independent and effective external and internal 
audit processes and satisfactory financial reporting in accordance with applicable rules and legislation.  
The Committee has the following tasks:  
• 
preparing the company's choice of auditor and making its recommendation in accordance with 
article 16 of Regulation no 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 
2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities (the "Audit 
Regulation");  
• 
assessing and monitoring the independence of the statutory auditor in accordance with Chapter 8 
of the Act on Audit and Auditors and article 6 of the Audit Regulation, paying particular attention 
to ensuring that services other than auditing that are provided by the auditor or the auditing

--- Page 219 ---
11/86235560_3 
209 
company are in accordance with article 5 of the Audit Regulation and do not pose a threat to the 
independence of the statutory auditor. In addition, making sure that the internal audit function acts 
independently of the management.  
• 
discussing the plan for and scope of the auditing work with the statutory and internal auditor.  
• 
supervising the financial reporting process, including monitoring the systems for internal control, 
risk management and internal audit without compromising the independent role of the Audit 
Committee.  
• 
maintaining ongoing contact with the statutory and internal auditors regarding the auditing of the 
annual accounts, including, in particular, monitoring the performance of the auditing services in 
light of matters identified by the Norwegian FSA in accordance with article 26, sub-article 6 of 
the Audit Regulation.  
• 
preparing the Board's follow-up of the financial reporting process and making recommendations 
or proposals to ensure its integrity, including reviewing and assessing the DNB Group's quarterly 
and annual financial reports, with a particular focus on:  
o 
changes in accounting principles and practices;  
o 
significant discretionary valuations and estimates;  
o 
considerable adjustments as a result of requirements and recommendations from the 
auditors;  
o 
compliance with laws, regulations and accounting standards.  
• 
reviewing and discussing points on which the auditors disagree with the administration, and/or 
where great uncertainty has been pointed out by the auditors, and/or other matters that the auditors 
wish to discuss.  
• 
meeting with the statutory auditor on behalf of the Board at least once every quarter. The agenda 
for the Audit Committee's meetings must contain a specific item for this purpose every quarter. 
The CEO and other representatives from the DNB Group's day-to-day management are not to 
participate in the consideration of these items. If items of importance to the individual subsidiary 
are considered, excerpts of the minutes of the meeting must be sent to the Chair of the Board of 
the relevant subsidiary, who will then inform the other board members at the subsequent board 
meeting.  
• 
informing the Board of the results of the statutory audit and explain how the audit process added 
to the integrity of the financial reporting, and the role of the Audit Committee in that process. 
Members of the Audit Committee are currently Gro Bakstad (Chair), Jens Petter Olsen, Lillian Hattrem, 
Julie Galbo and Christine Bosse. In addition to the members of the Committee, the following must normally 
attend the meetings: the CEO and/or the CFO, the Group Chief Audit Executive and a representative of the 
statutory auditor. 
Compensation and Organisation Committee 
The Committee is responsible for preparing guidelines, frameworks and matters concerning remuneration 
that require the approval of the Board, including variable remuneration for employees in all or part of the 
DNB Group and other important personnel-related matters concerning senior executives (i.e. members of 
the Group Management and any others reporting to the CEO). The Committee is also responsible for

--- Page 220 ---
11/86235560_3 
210 
preparing selected matters for the Board relating to culture, management and succession planning. Members 
of the Compensation and Organisation Committee are currently Olaug Svarva (Chair), Kim Wahl, Lillian 
Hattrem and Petter-Børre Furberg. 
Group chief executive and the Group Management team  
The CEO is the managing director of the Bank and has the overall responsibility for the DNB Group. The 
Group Management meeting is the CEO's collegiate body for management at the DNB Group level. Major 
decisions concerning risk and capital management are generally made in consultation with the Group 
Management Team. The group executive vice presidents for the business areas and support units take part 
in the Group Management meeting.  
The CEO has, inter alia, the following responsibilities: 
• 
the day-to-day management of the DNB Group's operations, and ensuring that these are in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, articles of association, authorisations, 
instructions, the DNB Group's governing documents and the guidelines and instructions issued by 
the Board; 
• 
ensuring that the DNB Group's strategy, values and purpose are developed and followed up in line 
with the long-term goals set by the Board; 
• 
promoting compliance with good corporate governance standards within the DNB Group; 
• 
ensuring that the DNB Group has effective corporate governance systems in place, including for 
internal control. The CEO has a special responsibility for following up on comments regarding the 
DNB Group's operations in reports from the authorities; and 
• 
the DNB Group's risk management, including asset and liability management, liquidity 
management, and the purchase and sale of securities and ownership interests of strategic 
importance. 
Group Risk Management 
Group Risk Management ("GRM") is headed by a Group Executive Vice President, who is also Chief Risk 
Officer (the "CRO"). The CRO reports directly to the CEO and can, if necessary, report directly to the 
Board. The CRO defines principles and frameworks for risk-taking and internal control in the DNB Group. 
The CRO also makes independent assessments of the risk level and reports the DNB Group's risk situation. 
Specialist units have been established to be responsible for frameworks and risk control within the various 
forms of risk. This applies to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, model risk and operational risk. In 
addition, independent entities have been established with responsibility for model development, model 
validation, risk data, risk analysis, stress testing and risk reporting. 
GRM defines the framework for operational risk management and is an advisor for the first line, in addition 
to controlling, monitoring, and reporting the status of operational risk. 
The CRO is responsible for the annual validation of the most important models used in financial and capital 
adequacy reporting. The validation is carried out by a separate entity that is independent of the first line 
and model development. The Board sets requirements for the content of the validation work.  
The CRO is responsible for performing the regulatory stress tests, and for conducting stress tests and 
scenario analyses at Group level that capture the biggest risk factors at any given time. The stress tests are 
presented for comments in the Group Credit Committee, the Financial Market Risk Committee or the Asset

--- Page 221 ---
11/86235560_3 
211 
and Liability Committee and must be approved by the CRO. CRO is responsible for recommending 
measures based on the conclusions of the stress tests. The stress tests are described in more detail in "Risk 
and Capital Management—Capital Management—Stress testing." 
Group Risk Management is responsible for conducting the Credit Risk Review and the Model Input 
Review. The Credit Risk Review assesses compliance with the DNB Group's internal requirements for 
credit risk management and reports the results to the Board. The Model Input Review should ensure correct 
and consistent use of IRB models. 
The purpose of internal control is to ensure the organisation's goals in areas such as operational efficiency 
and effectiveness, reliable reporting and compliance with laws, regulations and guidelines. The DNB Group 
Instructions for Internal Control provide a common conceptual framework and understanding of internal 
control and form the basis for a framework for structured internal control work. An important element is 
the annual attestation of internal control, where the executive managers of all significant organisational 
units in the DNB Group make a summary assessment of internal control in their area. 
GRM has established Operational Risk Officers, who work with all significant business areas in the DNB 
Group. Operational Risk Officers control risk reporting from the various units and follow up regarding the 
registration of operational incidents, including the establishment of risk-mitigating measures. 
The Compliance Function 
The compliance function is headed by the Group Chief Compliance Officer (the "GCCO"), who is also a 
group executive vice president and reports directly to the Group CEO and the Board. The GCCO sets the 
framework for the compliance function in the DNB Group. All business areas and support units, foreign 
branches of the DNB Group, companies in the DNB Group authorised under financial market regulations, 
and other companies as decided by the GCCO, must have a compliance function which is a part of the DNB 
Group's Compliance function. The DNB Group's Compliance function is a separate and independent 
second-line-of-defence control function that assists the Board, the Group CEO and other first-line managers 
in the work of ensuring that the DNB Group conducts its activities in accordance with relevant rules and 
legislation. The Compliance function comes in addition to the first line's independent responsibility for 
internal control and for monitoring compliance with rules and legislation of significance to the relevant area 
or unit. The Compliance function provides advice and guidance on compliance, monitors and controls 
compliance and compliance risk, and reports and provides information on the status of compliance and 
compliance risk. The Compliance function takes a risk-based approach, mainly based on the rules and 
legislation that set conditions and requirements for the DNB Group's licensed operations. This applies to 
financial, regulatory, competition and data protection rules and legislation, as well as rules and legislation 
aimed at counteracting money laundering, corruption and sanctions violations.  
The Compliance function's monitoring and control must include assessment of whether the DNB Group 
has implemented sufficiently effective guidelines and procedures to detect compliance risk. This also 
includes an assessment of preventive measures and procedures. The Compliance function should be 
involved in and help to assess the risk related to the implementation of new strategies, organisational 
changes and other changes to the DNB Group's activities.  
Group Audit  
Group Audit assesses and evaluates whether adequate and effective risk management and internal controls 
have been established and are carried out in the Group. Through its activities, Group Audit actively 
contributes to improvements of the Group's operations. Furthermore, Group Audit assesses and evaluates 
whether risk identification procedures, established governance processes and internal control measures 
effectively contribute to increasing the Group's ability to achieve its objectives.

--- Page 222 ---
11/86235560_3 
212 
Governing documents for risk management 
The DNB Group's corporate governance documents contain management principles related to: 
• 
strategy and values; 
• 
risk appetite;  
• 
attracting, safeguarding, and developing employees; 
• 
ethics (Code of Conduct); 
• 
internal control, risk management and compliance; and 
• 
application of the DNB Group's governing requirements. 
Of these, risk appetite and internal control, risk management and compliance are particularly related to the 
management and control of risk.  
The Board determines the long-term risk profile through the DNB Group's risk appetite framework, which 
is assessed and renewed at least once a year. The targets and limits set out in the risk appetite framework 
are reflected in other parts of risk management, including authorisations and business frameworks. The 
Board also approves group policies for compliance and ethics. 
The governing documents state that the DNB Group is to have proactive management of risk – with clear 
and appropriate guidelines and procedures – that enable the DNB Group to make well-informed risk 
decisions. The DNB Group must always be able to identify, assess, manage, measure, monitor, report and 
control relevant risks. Risk management should support a sound risk culture and good business practices. 
The DNB Group must only assume risks that are understood and can be managed. The DNB Group's culture 
must be endorsed by Group Management and characterised by individual responsibility, transparent 
methods and processes that support sound risk management. All levels in the organisation must have access 
to relevant and necessary risk information. Each individual manager must ensure that employees understand 
and take an active approach to risk and return on this. Risk must be an integral part of the governance and 
remuneration system, through indicators that operationalise risk limits and strategies and that are followed 
up by managers individually. Managers are also responsible for requiring and establishing adequate risk 
reporting in their own unit.   
Risk management must be of good quality and have high information value. The concept of risk 
management includes coordinated activities, processes and measures that ensure that assessed risks are 
managed, monitored, reported, and controlled to an adequate extent and in line with the DNB Group's 
guidelines and requirements. 
Capital Management 
Assessment of risk profile and capital requirements 
Pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act, all companies must at all times have 
an adequate equity base which takes into account the extent of the company's activities and the risk they 
involve. Capital adequacy regulations specify a minimum primary capital requirement, which includes 
credit risk, market risk and operational risk. In addition to meeting the minimum requirement, the DNB 
Group must satisfy various buffer requirements. The difference between buffer requirements and minimum 
requirements lies in the consequences of non-compliance. Non-compliance with minimum requirements 
could result in the bank being restructured or wound up, while non-compliance with buffer requirements

--- Page 223 ---
11/86235560_3 
213 
would result in implementing measures to strengthen capitalisation. Non-compliance with buffer 
requirements will result in restrictions on dividend payments, interest payments on hybrid securities and 
variable remuneration payments to employees. The NFSA assesses whether there are any risk elements in 
the individual institution that are not adequately covered by the basis of calculation for the minimum 
requirements and the general capital requirements (Pillar 1). These are referred to as the Pillar 2 
requirements. 
According to the DNB Group's capital strategy and dividend policy, the DNB Group shall in normal times 
operate with a headroom to the at any time applicable requirement (including the Pillar 2 Guidance) from 
the NFSA. This headroom shall cover unforeseen volatility in risk weighted assets and the capital base, 
support strategic flexibility and contribute to maintain trust in that dividends are paid according to the DNB 
Group's dividend policy and that coupon is paid on additional tier 1 instruments. The leverage ratio for the 
Bank and the DNB Group shall in normal circumstances fulfil the regulatory requirements with a reasonable 
margin. The capitalisation guidelines are reviewed each year based on the ICAAP and feedback from the 
authorities through SREP. 
With respect to Norwegian rules in force regarding loss absorption, please see "Supervision and 
Regulation—Regulatory Framework in Norway" below.  
The Bank and the DNB Group are subject to the BRRD's resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains 
four resolution tools and powers, which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution 
authority considers that: (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a 
reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on 
commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment 
obligation; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view 
to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives resolution authorities the power to avail itself of 
the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to use non-viability loss absorption. Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any 
such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool or other powers 
under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable

--- Page 224 ---
11/86235560_3 
214 
unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or 
(iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is 
an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and 
to preserve financial stability. 
In the event of non-compliance with the combined requirements, including the Pillar 2 requirements, the 
DNB Group will have to explain the reason therefor to NFSA and present planned measures. 
According to the DNB Group's capital strategy and dividend policy, the capitalisation level is intended to 
support the Bank's AA level rating target for ordinary long-term funding. Dividends will be determined 
based on factors such as the need to maintain satisfactory financial strength and developments in external 
parameters. The Bank's capitalisation guidelines specify a targeted capitalisation level, the frequency of 
reviews of the Bank's capital situation and the measurement methods to be used, such as economic capital 
and the use of stress tests. The capitalisation targets are based on the DNB Group's prevailing risk-weighted 
assets at any given time. 
Basel III 
Basel III is an international regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity 
risk issued by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision.  
Basel III includes updated and new approaches to calculate risk exposure amount (REA) for credit, market 
and operational risk. Basel III has been implemented in EU and EEA by means of CRR/CRD IV: 
• 
CRR (the Capital Requirements Regulation) is a regulation and applies throughout the EU 
independent of national legislation. Through the EEA agreement, Norway is required to comply 
with the regulation. 
• 
CRD (the Capital Requirements Directive) is the legal framework for the supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms in the EU. In accordance with the EEA agreement, Norway is 
required to transpose the directive into Norwegian legislation. 
CRR/CRD IV was implemented in Norway on 31 December 2019 through amendments to the Norwegian 
Financial Institutions Act and the CRR/CRD IV Regulation. 
Capital adequacy 
Risk exposure amount increased by NOK 38 billion from 31 December 2022 to NOK 1,100 billion at 31 
December 2023 for DNB Group. 
Risk exposure amount increased by NOK 89 billion from 31 December 2021 to NOK 1,062 billion at 31 
December 2022 for DNB Group.  
The DNB Group's capitalisation level is intended to support the Bank's AA level rating target for ordinary 
long-term funding. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Capital and Capital Ratios" for the DNB Group and DNB Group capital levels. 
Economic capital  
The DNB Group quantifies risk by measuring economic capital. The quantification of economic capital is 
based on statistical probability calculations for the various risk categories on the basis of historical data. 
The DNB Group has defined economic capital as potential losses within a one-year horizon calibrated on 
the 99.9% confidence interval.

--- Page 225 ---
11/86235560_3 
215 
Internal economic capital is lower than external requirements. As a consequence, economic capital is 
grossed up to a total allocated capital ("TAC") to bridge the gap. TAC and expected losses over a 
normalised business cycle are elements in the calculations of risk-adjusted return, which is a key financial 
parameter in the internal management of the DNB Group. The calculations are included in the financial 
planning for the business areas and are reported quarterly. Risk-adjusted return is included in the prevailing 
pricing models used across the DNB Group and the results thereof are embedded in all business decisions 
by management. The figures are reported on a monthly basis in the management systems. 
The DNB Group quantifies economic capital for the following risk categories: credit risk, market risk, 
operational risk and business risk. A significant diversification or portfolio effect arises when the various 
risks are considered together, as it is unlikely that all losses will occur at the same time. An economic 
downturn will normally have a negative effect on most areas, but there will be a diversification effect, as 
not all areas will be affected equally negatively. The diversification effect between risk categories and 
business areas implies that the DNB Group's economic capital will be lower than if the business areas had 
been independent companies. 
Stress testing 
Stress testing is a key element in the assessment of the DNB Group's capitalisation and is also used in 
connection with financial planning. Stress tests are used to predict how changes in macroeconomic 
conditions will affect the need for capital. Management is involved in determining the scenarios and 
underlying assumptions that will be used in the stress tests and uses the outcome of such testing as a basis 
for strategies and action plans.  
Important stress tests that are carried out minimum annually in the DNB Group are the following:  
• 
Extensive stress testing of the DNB Group and DNB Boligkreditt AS are carried out as a part of 
the annual ICAAP reporting, see the chapter on capital management and ICAAP. 
• 
Crisis scenarios are being developed and tested as part of the DNB Group's recovery plan.  
• 
Stress tests of specific credit portfolios are conducted on an ongoing basis.  
• 
The bank regularly conducts liquidity risk stress tests to ensure that sufficient liquid assets are 
available to meet difficult situations in a satisfactory manner. In addition, DNB Boligkreditt AS 
carries out its own stress tests of resilience in the event of a fall in housing prices. 
• 
A special stress testing program for counterparty credit risk has been established, which will reveal 
undesirable outcomes of the total counterparty credit risk exposure, both on a stand-alone basis 
and as part of the bank's credit risk exposure.  
• 
The Bank regularly performs stress tests for market risk to measure potential losses on the DNB 
Group's holdings and positions based on predefined scenarios and stress factors from changes in 
market prices. 
The DNB Group participates in the stress tests of European banks coordinated by the European Banking 
Authority ("EBA"). The stress tests are conducted every other year and the next stress test will be in 2025, 
with results expected to be published by the end of July 2025. The stress tests assess European banks' 
resilience to severe shocks and losses, such as loan losses, market risk and reductions in net interest income, 
and the resulting effects on the banks' common equity Tier 1 capital ratios. In the EU stress test in 2023, 
the DNB Bank Group (the pre-merger consolidation of DNB Bank ASA) was among the best performing 
banks across Nordic and international peers.

--- Page 226 ---
11/86235560_3 
216 
Risk appetite 
The risk appetite framework forms part of the strategic management of the DNB Group and consists of 
limits and assessment principles for the types of risks that are of particular importance for the DNB Group. 
The risk appetite principles form part of the governance principles on the highest level of the DNB Group's 
hierarchy of governing documents.  
The DNB Group's risk appetite framework is decided by the Board of Directors and is reviewed and 
renewed at least once a year.  
The risk appetite framework is implemented throughout the organisation. Risk indicators on lower 
organisational levels underpin the limits in the risk appetite framework. The risk indicators can be in the 
form of limits for quantifiable risk or qualitative assessments of the risk level. They need not be based on 
the same measurement parameters as the ones used at the DNB Group level, but it must be possible to link 
them to the same risk types and measure the same trends. The procedures for monitoring risk indicators are 
tailored to the individual business areas and are meant to ensure that risk is kept within the level stipulated 
in the risk appetite framework. 
The risk level is measured against the risk appetite framework every month, and provides an overall 
summary of the risk situation in the DNB Group. The risk appetite framework includes 16 dimensions of 
risk, across risk types and business areas. The table shows an overview of the framework and associated 
dimensions that were applicable at the end of 2023: 
 
Risk type: 
Dimensions: 
Profitability and loss-absorbing ability: 
− 
Risk-adjusted return 
Capital adequacy: 
− 
Common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio 
− 
Solvency Margin, DNB Livsforsikring AS, 
without transitional rules 
Market risk: 
− 
Market risk, measured as a share of financial 
capital;  
Credit risk: 
− 
Concentration risk, within industries and 
counterparties; 
− 
Credit quality (expected credit loss), total 
and per customer segment; 
− 
Credit growth, total and per customer 
segment 
Liquidity risk: 
− 
Reserve 
(LCR) 
/ 
Long-term 
funding 
(NSFR); 
− 
Deposits to loan ratios 
− 
Minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligibility liabilities (MREL) 
Operational risk: 
− 
IT Risk – IT operations, forward-looking risk 
assessment; 
− 
IT Risk – operations, retrospective risk 
assessment;

--- Page 227 ---
11/86235560_3 
217 
− 
Past operational losses 
− 
Cyber security risk  
Reputational risk: 
− 
Overall risk assessment and reputation 
measurement 
Risk types 
Risk management covers both financial and non-financial risk and includes the following types of risk: 
credit risk, market risk, counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and business risk. 
In addition to the risks mentioned above, the following risks are to be considered in the management of all 
risk types: concentration risk, sustainability risk, reputation risk and compliance risk. 
Definition of risk types 
Business risk is the risk of profit fluctuations due to changes in external factors such as the market situation, 
government regulations or weakened reputation. The DNB Group's business risk is generally handled 
through the strategy process and through on-going work to safeguard and improve the DNB Group's 
reputation. 
Compliance risk is the risk of the DNB Group failing to comply with external regulations or internal rules 
derived from external regulations. 
Counterparty credit risk is a form of credit risk that arises in connection with trades in financial instruments, 
such as derivatives, securities financing transactions or repurchase agreements ("repos") of collateral. 
Derivatives are most often traded Over-the-Counter (OTC), i.e. by individual contracts between two 
counterparties. Counterparty credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will fail to perform its contractual 
obligations in a transaction, and it differs from other credit risks in that the exposure usually depends on 
market risk factors, such as interest rates or exchange rates, commodity prices or share prices. 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses due to failure by the DNB Group's customers to meet their payment 
obligations towards the DNB Group. Credit risk refers to all claims against customers, mainly loans, but 
also commitments in the form of other extended credits, guarantees, interest-bearing securities, unutilised 
credit lines, derivative trading and interbank deposits. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, which is 
risk associated with large exposures to a single customer or concentration within geographical areas, within 
industries or related to homogeneous customer groups. 
Concentration risk can arise within or across different risk types and consists of risks that unilaterally or 
mutually affect each other negatively and which in total can result in large losses or change the DNB 
Group's risk profile. Concentration risk is typically found within these risk types: credit, market, liquidity 
and operational risk. 
Sustainability risk arises from events related to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors, 
which may negatively effect on the value for investments or the value of liabilities. These ESG factors can 
affect a number of risk types within both financial and non-financial risk and are most often manifested in 
these cross dimensional risk types: 
• 
Transition risk - Risk linked to the consequences of political, regulatory or technological 
development during the transition to a low emission society. 
• 
Physical climate risk- Risk related to the consequences of physical changes in the environment. 
The DNB Group divides physical climate risk according to how fast the risk occurs.

--- Page 228 ---
11/86235560_3 
218 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or will 
be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in associated costs. Liquidity is vital 
for financial operations, but this risk does not materialise until other events give rise to concern about the 
DNB Group's ability to meet its financial obligations. 
Market risk is the risk of potential losses due to unhedged positions in the foreign exchange, interest rate, 
commodity and equity markets. The risk reflects potential fluctuations in returns and values due to changes 
in market prices or rates. Market risk occurs in several segments of the DNB Group and includes both risk 
which arises through ordinary trading activities, and risks related to assets and liabilities positions stemming 
from banking activities and other business operations. In addition, market risk arises in DNB Livsforsikring 
through the risk that the return on financial assets will not be sufficient to meet the obligations specified in 
agreements with customers. Residual value risk is the risk that the value of collateral securing exposure is 
lower than expected. Residual value risk is included in credit risk in the capital adequacy framework, but 
in internal DNB Group reporting it is included as market risk. 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people and systems or from 
external events. 
Reputational risk: A company's reputation is a crucial factor in ensuring sustainable operations over the 
long term. For DNB, reputation is most often assessed in connection with confidence in the DNB brand. 
Credit risk 
According to the DNB Group's credit risk framework, the principal objective for credit activity is that the 
loan portfolio should have a quality and a composition which secure the DNB Group's profitability in the 
short and long term. The quality of the credit portfolio should be consistent with the DNB Group's low risk 
profile target. 
The risk appetite framework defines maximum limits for credit exposure. Limits have been set for annual 
growth, risk concentrations and credit quality. There is an upper limit for growth, measured in terms of 
EAD, for each customer segment. To limit concentration risk, there are limits for risk exposure on 
individual customers and industry segments. The limits for credit quality are defined as limits for Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) and applies to all types of credit risk. ECL is measured using internal credit risk models 
and forward-looking macroeconomic assumptions.  
In addition to the risk appetite framework, there are credit strategies for the individual customer segments. 
Furthermore, there are established risk indicators, which are used for monitoring managers on all levels. 
The DNB Group's credit risk framework regulates credit activity in the Bank. A customer's debt servicing 
capacity is the key element when considering whether to approve a credit. If a customer has not proven a 
satisfactory debt servicing capacity, credit should normally not be extended even if the collateral is 
adequate. The value of collateral is intended to be assessed based on estimated realisation value. 
All corporate customers granted credit must be classified according to risk in connection with every 
significant credit approval and, unless otherwise decided, at least once a year. Risk classification reflects 
long-term risk associated with each customer and the customer's credit commitment. The DNB Group has 
extensive experience with classification systems as support for credit decisions and monitoring. Data and 
analytical tools are an integrated part of risk management. 
Credits showing a negative development are identified and followed up separately. If financial covenants 
have been breached, or if a loss event has occurred in cases where no impairment losses have been made, 
the credit will be put on a watch list for special monitoring. Loss events include serious financial problems 
on the part of the debtor, the approval of grace periods due to the debtor's financial problems or serious 
breaches of contract. In addition, customers classified as high risk are also considered as watch list

--- Page 229 ---
11/86235560_3 
219 
candidates. When a customer is placed on a watch list, a new risk classification is made, the collateral 
reviewed and an action plan prepared for the customer relationship. Each time the commitment is reviewed, 
an assessment is made of whether a loss event has occurred. If a loss event has occurred, a loan loss equation 
is prepared, which in turn may result in impairment losses. 
Exposure to the limits set in the risk appetite framework is reported to group management each month. If 
the limits are exceeded, it will be immediately reported to the Board, accompanied by an action plan 
explaining how the risk will be handled. A quarterly risk report for the DNB Group is distributed to the 
Board, giving an extensive description of the risk appetite status and other developments in the risk 
situation. 
Developments in credit risk are monitored closely. Each month, the credit portfolios are analysed and 
reported along several dimensions, such as industry segment, customer segment and geography. This 
reporting is undertaken by a unit that is independent of the business units. In the internal monitoring of 
credit risk, all portfolios are measured and reported according to IRB models, independent of whether the 
portfolio is scored in models approved for use in capital adequacy calculations. 
Economic capital for credit risk is calculated for all facilities and forms the basis for assessing the 
profitability of the individual facilities.  
The DNB Group's credit risk models provide a basis for statistically based calculations of expected credit 
losses and economic capital. The calculations are based on several IRB risk parameters, with the most 
important being: 
• 
Probability of default ("PD"), which is used to measure credit quality. Customers are classified 
based on the probability of default. 
• 
Exposure at default ("EAD"), which is an estimated figure which includes amounts drawn under 
credit limits or loans as well as a percentage share of committed, undrawn credit lines. 
• 
Loss given default ("LGD"), which indicates how much the DNB Group expects to lose if the 
customer fails to meet his or her obligations, taking into account the collateral provided by the 
customer and other relevant factors. 
The DNB Group divides its portfolio into ten risk grades based on the PD for each commitment. 
Commitments in default, categorised as defaulted, are assigned a PD of 100.0 per cent. 
Validation is a key element in assuring the quality of the IRB system and can be divided into quantitative 
and qualitative validation. Quantitative validation tests the risk models, whereas qualitative validation tests 
the structure of the IRB system and whether it is used as intended. At least once a year, the Board is required 
to present a validation report detailing whether the DNB Group's credit risk is adequately classified and 
quantified. 
Market risk 
Overall risk limits are established for market risk in the risk appetite framework, expressed as the maximum 
share of economic capital. The risk appetite framework for market risk is operationalised in the form of 
limits for each type of risk. The limits for significant market risk exposures are determined by the Board. 
Limits are set at least annually and will automatically expire if not renewed. The limits are delegated by the 
Board to the CEO, who delegates them further to risk-taking entities that make investment or trading 
decisions. If limits are breached, this must be reported immediately both to whomever delegated the limits 
and to Group Risk Management.

--- Page 230 ---
11/86235560_3 
220 
Administrative limits and escalation levels are set for exposures that are defined as less significant. Such 
limits are used when there is a need for operational scope of action. Administrative limits are determined 
by the Group Executive Vice Presidents. Any changes to administrative limits must be reported to GRM 
and the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). 
Economic capital for market risk should, at a confidence level of 99.9 per cent., cover all potential losses 
related to market risk on a one-year time horizon. Exposure included in the model for calculating economic 
capital could be either actual exposure or limits and constitutes a conservative estimate where the DNB 
Group is assumed always to be incorrectly positioned relative to market developments.  
Economic capital is calculated on the basis of expected developments in the value of an asset class or risk 
factor. To estimate annual losses, the value of each underlying instrument is simulated over a period of one 
year. Subsequent to this, losses for each potential realisation period are estimated.  
Value at Risk (VaR) is used to compare risk across asset classes, and to monitor the level of risk for each 
risk type. VaR is calculated for interest rate, equity and currency risk attached to both banking and trading 
activities. In 2022, the VaR for interest rate risk associated with trading activities ranged between NOK 8.9 
million and NOK 27.3 million. The annual average of total VaR in 2022 was NOK 17 million, which was 
27 per cent. lower than in 2021. In 2023, the VaR for interest rate risk associated with trading activities 
ranged between NOK 5.8 million and NOK 26.9 million. The annual average of total VaR in 2023 was 
NOK 16.5 million, which was 3 per cent. lower than in 2022. 
The economic capital for total market risk in the DNB Group excluding DNB Livsforsikring AS was NOK 
10.6 billion at 31 December 2021, compared to NOK 10.1 billion at 31 December 2022 and NOK 9.5 billion 
at 31 December 2023. 
The value of items on and off the balance sheet is affected by interest rate movements. The interest rate 
sensitivity table below shows potential losses for the DNB Group excluding Poland resulting from parallel 
one percentage point changes in all interest rates. The calculations are based on a hypothetical situation 
where interest rate movements in all currencies are unfavourable for the DNB Group relative to the Bank's 
positions. Also, all interest rate movements within the same interval are unfavourable for the DNB Group. 
The figures will thus reflect maximum losses for the DNB Group. 
The calculations are based on the DNB Group positions as at 31 December and market rates on the same 
date. The table does not include administrative interest rate risk and interest rate risk tied to non-interest-
earning assets.  
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
682 
391 
486 
160 
87 
53 
USD 
48 
25 
13 
41 
23 
78 
EUR 
156 
5 
48 
17 
24 
145 
GBP 
2 
1 
6 
2 
 
6 
SEK 
 
5 
 
 
6 
11 
Other currencies 
12 
34 
10 
10 
5 
42 
31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
491 
388 
82 
27 
29 
78 
USD 
30 
63 
63 
21 
9 
19 
EUR 
9 
103 
29 
13 
29 
139 
GBP 
16 
8 
3 
1 
2 
27

--- Page 231 ---
11/86235560_3 
221 
Amounts in NOK million 
Up to 1 
month 
From 1 
months 
to 3 
months 
From 3 
months 
to 1 year 
From 1 
year to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years 
Total 
SEK 
19 
25 
28 
2 
8 
66 
Other currencies 
3 
33 
9 
4 
4 
44 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOK 
798 
357 
196 
153 
344 
55 
USD 
63 
11 
63 
105 
35 
256 
EUR 
17 
55 
35 
8 
24 
41 
GBP 
3 
0 
16 
0 
1 
19 
SEK 
13 
70 
14 
5 
14 
62 
Other currencies 
9 
31 
6 
4 
4 
42 
 
The interest rate risk in DNB Livsforsikring AS is dealt with separately, see note G42, “Insurance 
liabilities” to the 2023 Annual Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due, and the 
risk that the DNB Group will be unable to meet its liquidity obligations without a substantial rise in 
appurtenant costs. Liquidity is vital to financial operations, though this risk category will often be 
conditional in the respect that it will not materialise until other events give rise to concern regarding the 
DNB Group's ability to meet its obligations. 
Liquidity risk management and measurement 
Liquidity risk is managed and measured by several techniques, as no single technique can fully quantify 
this type of risk. The techniques include the monitoring of balance sheet key ratios, average residual 
maturity on term funding and future funding requirements, including refinancing needs.  
The Bank's liquidity management is organised based on a clear authorisation and reporting structure, and 
is in accordance with the regulations on prudent liquidity management. The Board of Directors regularly 
reviews the Bank's liquidity risk and determines limits and guidelines. The Board reviews the limits each 
year or more frequently if required. The limit structure for liquidity risk is in compliance with the structure 
in the Basel III framework. The limits for LCR and NSFR are part of the DNB Group's risk appetite 
framework, along with the ratio of deposits to net loans. 
Liquidity risk is managed through short and long-term limits. The short-term limits are based on the LCR 
methodology with horizons of seven, 30, and 90 days. The long-term NSFR limits set requirements for the 
share of lending and other illiquid assets which is to be financed by stable sources such as customer deposits 
or funding with a residual maturity of minimum 12 months. In addition, the bank operates with thresholds 
for the deposits-to-loans ratio and average remaining time to maturity on long-term market funding. The 
bank has an ambition to have unencumbered mortgages equivalent to at least one year redemption in senior 
and senior non-preferred debt. 
In addition to maintaining a broad deposit and funding base from both retail and corporate customers, 
liquidity management in the DNB Group aims to ensure diversified funding of other business activities. In 
many countries like Norway, with small domestic financial markets, banks rely on international funding in 
various currencies for part of their lending in the domestic market. As part of the diversification of funding 
sources, DNB Group focuses on having good relationships with a large number of international investors. 
The Bank is a regular issuer of short- and long-term debt securities in the Norwegian and international

--- Page 232 ---
11/86235560_3 
222 
capital markets. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Liquidity and Funding—Debt securities issued". 
Covered bonds are an important instrument for long-term funding. The bonds are issued by the Bank's 
subsidiaries DNB Boligkreditt AS and Sbanken Boligkreditt AS, and are secured by the Bank's residential 
mortgage portfolios. During periods of turmoil, covered bonds have proved to be a more robust and 
considerably lower priced funding instrument than ordinary senior bonds. 
The Bank has a short-term commercial paper program in the United States, through its USD 25 billion 
USCP Program with maturities of up to 13 months. U.S. short-term funding sources are further diversified 
through a so-called Yankee CD Program, totalling USD 25 billion, with maturities of up to 36 months. The 
certificates of deposits are issued by the Bank's New York Branch. This has helped ensure stable short-term 
funding in the U.S. market during periods of turbulence in other markets. In Europe, the Bank has a multi-
currency EUR 15 billion ECP/CD Program with maturities of up to 12 months, which is operated out of the 
head office in Oslo and provides funding from the European market.  
As a bank with a high credit rating in a relatively strong economy, the Bank attracts substantial funds from 
other banks, central banks and money market funds. These include both operating deposits and excess 
liquidity from both domestic and international banks. A large portion of these funds represents short-term 
deposits from money market funds which also have short-term deposits in central banks.  
Even though the Bank is a well-established international borrower that has enjoyed ample access to 
international markets during periods of market turbulence, it also uses the domestic market for 
diversification purposes. The Norwegian domestic covered bond market has outgrown the Norwegian 
government bond market in terms of outstanding volumes, and is regarded by market participants as being 
just as liquid as the government bond market. 
As an element in ongoing liquidity management, the Bank needs to have a holding of securities that can be 
used to regulate the DNB Group's liquidity requirements and serve as collateral for operations in the 
currencies in which the bank is active. The securities are used, among other things, as collateral for short-
term loans in central banks and serve as liquidity buffers to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements. Market 
risk in the liquidity portfolio is measured on an ongoing basis. In addition, developments in the credit rating 
of the underlying securities are followed up and reported on an ongoing basis. 
At 31 December 2023, the liquid assets totalled NOK 824 billion. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled 
NOK 231 billion at 31 December 2023, of which NOK 102 billion represented Norwegian Government 
and other public sector bonds. At year-end 2022 the liquid assets totalled NOK 683 billion. The Norwegian 
liquidity portfolio totalled NOK 227 billion at year-end 2022, of which NOK 131 billion represented 
Norwegian Government and other public sector bonds. At year-end 2021 the liquid assets totalled NOK 
576 billion. The Norwegian liquidity portfolio totalled NOK 166 billion at year-end 2021, of which NOK 
90 billion represented Norwegian Government and other public sector bonds. 
For the DNB Group's liquidity and funding maturity structure, see "Selected Statistical Data—Maturity 
profiles of assets, liabilities and financial derivatives". 
Operational risk 
The operational risk situation in 2023 was satisfactory. The level of losses was below the limit in the risk 
appetite framework. In the banking industry, there is high risk of data fraud, whereby confidential 
information goes astray or the bank is exposed to digital attacks and data vandalism. Measures to strengthen 
information security in the DNB Group have been identified in order to meet an ever-more serious threat 
scenario. Strong emphasis is being placed on strengthening the DNB Group's security solutions to counter 
digital attacks.

--- Page 233 ---
11/86235560_3 
223 
The greatest operational risk is information security and is associated with extensive and increasingly 
advanced cyber-attacks. IT and payment systems are closely monitored to identify and prevent possible 
cyber-attacks and fraud attempts. IT operational performance was stable during the year, with few critical 
incidents. 
The DNB Group quantifies operational risk by measuring economic capital. For most areas the calculation 
is the same as the standardised method in CRR.  
Management of operational risk shall contribute to efficient and successful operations. The DNB Group 
has a goal of low operational risk and low annual losses. The Board has the main responsibility for 
operational risk management in the DNB Group, which is handled by the Risk Management Committee. 
This entails establishing a sound risk culture and clearly delegating responsibility for ongoing monitoring 
and control of operational risk. All managers in the DNB Group are required to be aware of and manage 
operational risk in their own processes, systems, products and services.  
The responsibility for operational risk lies in the business and support areas. The largest areas have their 
own departments working on this. The Group Operational Risk Division in Group Risk Management is the 
DNB Group's central specialist unit for operational risk management and constitutes the DNB Group's 
second-line defence for operational risk. Group Operational Risk is an independent control function with 
responsibility for the framework for operational risk management, group reporting and risk reduction 
through insurance. Group Operational Risk is also responsible for the maintenance and development of the 
DNB Group's risk management tools, which facilitate comprehensive management and measurement of 
risk and compliance. Dedicated operational risk officers have been established affiliated with Group 
Operational Risk to monitor operational risk in all business and support areas.  
The DNB Group's risk appetite sets the limits for how much operational risk the DNB Group is willing to 
accept. Risk identification and assessment, together with registration and follow-up of operational events, 
shall provide an overall picture of the operational risk and contribute to reliable measurement of risk. See 
"Risk and Capital Management―Responsibilities and organisation" for further information. 
Operational loss events in the DNB Group are registered, reported and followed up on an ongoing basis in 
the DNB Group's event database. Compliance breaches are registered in the database as well. 
The annual internal control assessment is a key element in the DNB Group's operational risk management. 
All of the DNB Group's business areas and staff and support units carry out a self-assessment of their 
current status in this field, combined with a process to identify areas of risk that more units may have in 
common. Thereafter, concrete risk-mitigating measures are identified. These processes are part of the DNB 
Group's internal control reporting. In addition, developments in operational risk are reported each quarter 
to group management and the Board of Directors as an element in the DNB Group's risk reporting. 
The DNB Group's insurance coverage is an element in operational risk management. Insurance contracts 
are entered into to limit the financial consequences of undesirable events which occur in spite of established 
security routines and other risk-mitigating measures. The insurance program also covers legal liabilities the 
DNB Group may face related to its operations. 
Business risk 
Business risk is manifested in an unexpected decline in profits. Such a decline can be caused by competitive 
conditions resulting in lower volumes and pressure on prices, competitors introducing new products, 
government regulations or negative media coverage. Losses arise if the DNB Group fails to adapt its cost 
base to such changes.

--- Page 234 ---
11/86235560_3 
224 
Negative media coverage may be a consequence of other risk factors, but is handled as business risk in the 
DNB Group. A damaged reputation can have an adverse impact on all business areas, independent of where 
in the DNB Group or in the rest of the financial industry the original incident occurred. 
In 2023, DNB's reputation, as measured by Traction, was lower than DNB's target. Among other things, 
increased interest rates and the extensive effort to have all customers renew their proof of identity have led 
to negative media reports and frustration among some customers.  
As business risk may arise due to various risk factors, a broad range of tools is applied to identify and report 
such risk. 
Sound strategic planning is instrumental in reducing business risk. Reputational risk is managed through 
policies and business activities, including compliance. 
The DNB Group's active commitment to corporate social responsibility and the code of ethics for 
employees also have a positive impact on business risk. 
Reputational risk is managed by monitoring media coverage, while the competitive situation is managed 
by analysing market trends and developments in market shares. 
The DNB Group has developed a model for calculating business risk per business area. The model is based 
on past fluctuations in income and costs and is structured so that if all other factors are kept constant, high 
income volatility raises the risk level and thus economic capital. Vice versa, a highly flexible cost structure 
will reduce economic capital. 
Quality of non-performing exposures by geography 
The table shows quality of non-performing exposures divided into on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
exposures. Further, it shows the most significant geographical areas. The geographical breakdown is based 
on the residence of the counterparty. Most of the credit portfolio is linked to Norway or Norwegian 
customers. The gross carrying amount of non-performing exposures amounted to NOK 29,982 million at 
31 December 2023, down from NOK 31,086 million at end-December 2022. The geographical area with 
the highest volume of non-performing exposures is Norway, while the areas with the highest share of non-
performing exposures in relation to total exposures are Other countries (3 per cent.) followed by Great 
Britain and Sweden (1 per cent.). Other countries are exposures to geographical areas that are not deemed 
material. 
 
Gross carrying/Nominal amount 
 
 
 
Amounts in 
NOK million 
 
Of which: Non-performing 
Of which: 
Subject to 
impairment 
Accumulated 
impairment 
Provisions on 
off-balance 
sheet 
commitments 
and financial 
guarantee given 
Accumulated 
negative 
changes in fair 
value due to 
credit risk on 
non-performing 
exposures  
 
Of which: 
Defaulted 
On balance sheet 
exposures  
2,511,811 
26,801 
26,801 
2,300,968 
(8,044) 
 
 
Norway 
1,649,119 
15,344 
15,344 
1,592,192 
(4,807) 
 
 
Germany 
276,671 
3,656 
3,656 
165,293 
(577 
 
 
Sweden 
67,836 
6 
6 
62,223 
(25) 
 
 
UK 
69,290 
824 
824 
58,846 
(177) 
 
 
USA 
52,604 
8 
8 
51,631 
(13) 
 
 
International 
organisations 
53,934 
 
 
28,424 
 
 
 
Other countries 
342,358 
6,962 
6,962 
342,358 
(2,444) 
 
 
Off balance sheet 
exposures 
835,751 
3,181 
3,181 
 
 
(730) 
 
Norway 
509,598 
962 
962 
 
 
(365) 
 
Sweden 
72,934 
966 
966 
 
 
(95) 
 
USA  
75,111 
1 
1 
 
 
(20)

--- Page 235 ---
11/86235560_3 
225 
UK 
47,446 
51 
51 
 
 
(5) 
 
Denmark 
16,348 
1 
1 
 
 
(11) 
 
Other countries 
114,314 
1,200 
1,200 
 
 
(234) 
 
Total  
3,347,562 
29,982 
29,982 
2,300,968 
(8,044) 
(730)

--- Page 236 ---
11/86235560_3 
226 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Board determines principal goals, strategic choices and financial plans for the DNB Group and is 
continually updated on the DNB Group's financial position and development by approving quarterly and 
annual reports and through a monthly review of the DNB Group's financial position and development. 
Furthermore, the Board ensures that operations are subject to adequate control and that the DNB Group's 
capital position is satisfactory relative to the risk and scale of operations. In order to perform its 
responsibilities, the Board must make such inquiries as it considers necessary, and must also supervise the 
day-to-day management of the Bank and its business in general. In accordance with the Bank's articles of 
association, the Board must consist of between nine and eleven members. Three of the members, including 
the deputy members, shall, if required by a majority of the employees, be employed in a company in the 
DNB Group. Members are elected for terms of up to two years. The Chairperson and Vice-chairperson are 
elected separately by the annual general meeting for a term of up to two years. The current Chairperson is 
Olaug Svarva and the current Deputy Chairperson is Jens Petter Olsen. The total remuneration paid to the 
Board in 2023 (excluding remuneration received as employees of the Bank) was NOK 6,784,000. Set forth 
below are details regarding the members of the Board. 
 
Name 
Current position 
Member since 
End of current 
term 
Olaug Svarva 
Chair 
2018 
2024 
Jens Petter Olsen 
Deputy chair 
2019 (deputy 
chair since 
2023) 
2025 
Gro Bakstad 
Board member 
2019 
2025 
Kim Wahl 
Board member 
2013 
2024 
Julie Galbo 
Board member 
2020 
2024 
Christine Bosse 
Board member 
2023 
2025 
Petter-Børre Furberg 
Board member 
2023 
2025 
 
 
 
 
Lillian Hattrem 
Board employee representative 
2016 
2024 
Stian Tegler 
Samuelsen 
Board employee representative 
2020 
2024 
Jannicke Telle Skaanes 
Board employee representative 
2022 
2024 
The business address of the Board of Directors is c/o DNB Bank ASA, Dronning Eufemias gate 30, 0191 
Oslo, Norway. 
Biographies of the Board of Directors 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Board, including their relevant management 
expertise and experience, an indication of any significant principal activities performed by them outside the 
DNB Group and the names of companies and partnerships of which any member of the Board is or has 
been a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies or partner during the previous five 
years (not including directorships and executive management positions in subsidiaries of the Company).  
Olaug Svarva, chairperson, Ms Svarva holds an MBA and B.Sc. from the University of Denver, is an 
authorised portfolio manager from the Norwegian School of Economics and is a graduate from Trondheim

--- Page 237 ---
11/86235560_3 
227 
Economic University College. She was CEO of Folketrygdfondet (the Government Pension Fund Norway) 
from 2006 to 2018, where she previously held the role of investment director for Equities. She is the former 
managing director of SpareBank 1 Aktiv Forvaltning and was head of investment management at 
SpareBank 1 Livsforsikring. Additionally, Ms Svarva worked as a financial analyst in Carnegie and the 
DNB Group.  
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of Norfund, member of the boards of the Institute of 
International Finance, Investinor AS and Freyr Battery. 
Jens Petter Olsen, Vice chair, Mr Olsen holds a master's degree in business administration (higher 
division) from the Norwegian School of Economics, as well as Master of Philosophy in finance, and 
participated in the PhD programme at London Business School. He was employed in Norges Bank and 
Norges Bank Investment Management (NBIM) from 1997 to 2008 and headed the office in New York from 
2000 to 2008. He held several positions in Danske Bank from 2008 to 2018, including head of Markets 
Norway from 2011 to 2014 and head of Capital Markets from 2014 to 2018. 
Gro Bakstad, Member, Ms Bakstad holds a master's degree in economics and business administration 
(Siviløkonom) and is a state-authorised public accountant from the Norwegian School of Economics. She 
has extensive experience within economics, finance and strategy work, and has been CEO in the transport 
group Vy since 2020. Former Chief Financial Officer of Posten Norge AS, financial adviser at Procorp, she 
has been Chief Financial Officer of Ocean Rig and Executive Vice President for the Mail Division at Posten 
Norge AS. 
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of directors of Veidekke ASA. 
Kim Wahl, Member, Mr Wahl holds an MBA from Harvard University. He has been chairperson of the 
board of directors and owner of the private investment company Strømstangen AS. He was co-founder of 
the European Private Equity firm IK Investment Partners, where he was partner and vice-chairperson for 
20 years. He also has experience from the U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs in London and New York. 
Other key positions of trust: Chairperson of the board of directors and co-founder of the Voxtra Foundation. 
Member of the board of directors of UPM Kymmene Corporation. 
Julie Galbo, Member, Ms Galbo holds a law degree from the University of Copenhagen and has completed 
the Executive Management Programme at Insead.  
She is a former member of the group management of Nordea, holding positions such as Head of Group 
Business Risk Management, Chief Risk Officer and Head of Legal Structure Programme. She has been a 
member of the Senior Executive Management in Nordea Asset Management. She has further been Deputy 
Director of the Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark and head of government capital contributions.  
Other key positions of trust: Member of the board of directors of Trifork Holding AG, Velliv, Pension & 
Livsforsikring A/S and Commonwealth Bank of Australia. 
Christine Bosse, Member, Ms Bosse holds a master's in law from the University of Copenhagen.  
She is the former Group CEO of the Danish insurance company TrygVesta, where she has held different 
positions in the period from 1990 to 2011.  
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board of directors of Nunagreen and member of the board of 
directors of Allianze, Preventic Group and SSCP Excellence BidCo (AssistansBolaget). 
Petter-Børre Furberg, Member, Mr Furberg studied at the NHH Norwegian School of Economics and 
Business Administration.

--- Page 238 ---
11/86235560_3 
228 
He is presently Executive Vice President and Head of Telenor Nordics in the Norwegian telecom company 
Telenor ASA, where he has held different positions from 1998 up until today.  
Other key positions of trust: Chair of the board of directors of the Finnish telecom company DNA Oyj.  
Lillian Hattrem, Member, employee representative, Ms Hattrem holds an education in finance from BI 
Norwegian Business School and joined the DNB Group in 1999. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative, Finance Sector Union DNB, Member of the 
Executive Committee of the Finance Sector Union of Norway.  
Stian Tegler Samuelsen, Member, employee representative, Mr Samuelsen joined the DNB Group in 
1986, and has been chief employee representative/safety representative since 2001. 
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative on the board of the Finance Sector Union DNB 
and Head of the department for Buskerud in the Finance Sector Union.  
Jannicke Telle Skaanes, Member, employee representative, Ms Skaanes holds a bachelor's degree and 
a master's degree in management from the BI Norwegian Business School. She joined the DNB Group in 
2006.  
Other key positions of trust: Chief employee representative at DNB and chairperson of the board of the 
Finans & Teknologi worker's union. 
Independence 
The Bank complies with applicable rules regarding the independence of the Board.  
Board committees 
To ensure the Board's smooth functioning, the Board has established a risk management committee, an 
audit committee, and a compensation and organisation committee. See above under "Risk and Capital 
Management". 
Bank Management 
Responsibilities and organisation 
The Bank's executive management team consists of 12 members. The CEO is appointed by the Board and 
is responsible for the Bank's day-to-day management. Responsibility for the management of the Bank is 
distributed among the business areas. The table below sets out the name, current position, year of 
appointment and business address for each of the members of the executive management team. 
 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointmen
t 
Business address 
Kjerstin Braathen 
CEO 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Ida Lerner  
CFO 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Anne Sigrun 
Moen 
Group Executive Vice President of 
People 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo

--- Page 239 ---
11/86235560_3 
229 
Name 
Current position 
Year of 
appointmen
t 
Business address 
Per Kristian 
Næss-Fladset 
Group executive vice-president 
Payments and Innovation 
2024 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Håkon Hansen 
Group executive vice-president 
Wealth Management & Insurance 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Sverre Krog 
Group executive vice-president 
Risk management 
2021 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Maria Ervik 
Løvold 
Group executive vice-president 
Technology & Services 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Even Westerveld 
Group executive vice-president  
Communications & Sustainability 
2023 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Alexander Opstad 
Group executive vice-president  
DNB Markets 
2019 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Harald Serck-
Hanssen 
Group executive vice-president  
Corporate Banking  
2013 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo  
Ingjerd Blekeli 
Spiten  
Group executive vice-president  
Personal Banking 
2018 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
Fredrik Berger 
Group executive vice-president  
Group Compliance 
2023 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 
30, 0191 Oslo 
 
Biographies of the members of Bank management 
Kjerstin Braathen 
Chief Executive Officer since September 2019. Chairperson of Vipps AS. 
Background: Former chief financial officer, Former group executive vice president for Corporate Banking 
Norway. Has many years' experience from the Shipping, Offshore and Logistics division. Joined the DNB 
Group in 1999. Prior professional experience from Hydro Agri International.  
Master's in Management degree from the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Nice Sophia Antipolis. 
Ida Lerner 
Chief Financial Officer since 1 November 2021. 
Background: Former Head of Risk Management, former Head of DNB CEMEA in London, and former 
Head of Customer Analysis in DNB CEMEA. Joined the DNB Group in 2007. Previous experience from 
HSBC and Nordea. 
Holds a Bachelor of Social Science with a major in Economics from the University of Stockholm.

--- Page 240 ---
11/86235560_3 
230 
Anne Sigrun Moen 
Group Executive Vice President of People since 2021. 
Background: Former Senior Advisor and Head of Division within Human Relations at the DNB Group 
from 2007-2018.  
Other professional experience includes positions as director of human resources in the Norwegian Tax 
Administration ("Skatteetaten"), human resources manager at DNV Maritime, principal consultant at 
DNV Learning and educational advisor at DNV Veritasskolen. Master's degree from Oslo College of 
Education and a Bachelor's degree from the University of Oslo. 
Ingjerd Blekeli Spiten 
Group Executive Vice President of Personal Banking since January 2018. 
Background: Currently Senior Vice President Global Products at Telenor. Has previously worked as COO 
in Microsoft, and been employed in the DNB Group for eight years, most recently as head of eBusiness. 
Former owner and strategic advisor in Poio AS. Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Eiendom AS 
and member of the board of directors of Fremtind Forsikring AS. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Harald Serck-Hanssen  
Group Executive Vice President of Corporate Banking since 2019. Former head of the Shipping, Offshore 
and Logistics Division. Joined the DNB Group in 1998. Prior professional experience from StoltNielsen 
Shipping and Odfjell Group. Member of the board of directors of DigitalNorway. 
Background: BA (Hons) degree in business studies from the University of Stirling and Advanced 
Management Programme at INSEAD Fontainebleau.  
Alexander Opstad 
Group Executive Vice President of DNB Markets since 2019. 
Background: Prior positions in the DNB Group: Various positions within the Equities division of DNB 
Markets. Head of Equity Sales in London, global head of the equities division and part of the DNB Markets 
management team. Joined the DNB Group in 2005. 
Key positions of trust include: Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Markets, Inc., member of the 
board of directors of the Norwegian Securities Dealers Association. 
Master of Science in Business from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Håkon Hansen 
Group Executive Vice President of Wealth Management & Insurance since 2018.  
Background: Head of Private Banking and former head of DNB Luxembourg for ten years. Started his 
career with the DNB Group in 1987 in what was then called Sparebanken Buskerud and thereafter 
Sparebanken NOR. Chairperson of the board of directors of DNB Livsforsikring and DNB Luxembourg 
S.A.

--- Page 241 ---
11/86235560_3 
231 
Bachelor of Business Administration from BI Norwegian Business School. Has also completed a 
management programme in financial investments (Master of Management) at the same school. 
Per Kristian Næss-FladsetGroup Executive Vice President of Payments and Innovation since 2023.  
Background: Joined DNB in 2018. Previously Division Head for Payments & Open Banking. Previous 
professional experience at Cicero Consulting and Tinde ASA.  
Holds a Bachelor's in Informatics from the University of Oslo. 
Even Westerveld 
Group Executive Vice President of Communications & Sustainability since 2023. 
Background: Former division head for External Communication from 2013-2020. Re-joined the DNB 
Group in 2023. Prior experience as Head of Communications in Vipps Mobilepay, Head of People and 
Branding in Vipps, partner and consultant in Geelmuyden.Kiese. 
Holds a Master in Governmental Science. 
Maria Ervik Løvold 
Group Executive Vice President of Technology & Services since 2019. 
Background: Executive Vice President for the Product, Price and Quality division in Personal Banking. 
Head of section in and Deputy General Counsel for DNB Legal. Joined the DNB Group in 2010. Previous 
lawyer experience: Lawyer at Brækhus Advokatfirma. 
Holds a Law degree from the University of Oslo. 
Sverre Krog 
Group Executive Vice President of Risk Management since 2021. 
Background: Former Head of Division, Strategic Risk Intelligence in the DNB Group. Former Head of 
Section of Active Portfolio Management and Customer Analysis in Corporate Banking, DNB. Background 
from Corporate Finance. Joined DNB in 1999.  
Master of Science in Business ('Siviløkonom') from BI Norwegian Business School. 
Fredrik Berger 
Group Executive Vice President of Group Compliance since 2023. 
Background: Head of Corporate Centre, head of CEO Office and head of section and attorney at DNB 
Legal.  Joined DNB in 2011. Previous lawyer experience: Lawyer at Advokatfirmaet Hjort. 
Law degree from University of Oslo. 
No company in the DNB Group has issued loans or securities to any members of the Board of Directors or 
the Bank's management that are not on ordinary terms for employees of the DNB Group. 
The DNB Group is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the DNB Group of 
each of the persons listed above under the headings "—Board of Directors" and "—Bank Management" 
and his or her private interests or other duties.

--- Page 242 ---
11/86235560_3 
232 
Shareholders 
On 1 July 2021, the Bank merged with DNB ASA by way of a transfer of DNB ASA's shares into the Bank 
as acquiring company. Following the completion of the merger, DNB ASA was dissolved and the shares 
in the Bank were simultaneously listed on Oslo Børs, with trading having commenced on 2 July 2021. The 
completion of the merger and transfer of shares did not result in any dilution of the shareholders' ownership. 
The following table sets forth as of 31 March 2024, the 20 largest shareholders of the Bank, the number of 
shares held by each shareholder and the percentage of outstanding shares represented by each shareholding. 
 
Shares in 1,000 
Ownership in  
per cent. 
Norwegian Government/Ministry of Trade, Industry  
and Fisheries ................................................................................... 
524,488 
34.8 
DNB Savings Bank Foundation ...................................................... 
130,001 
8.6 
Folketrygdfondet ............................................................................. 
91,151 
6.0 
The Capital Group Companies, Inc. ................................................ 
69,367 
4.6 
 
 
BlackRock, Inc. ............................................................................... 
58,249 
3.9 
Vanguard Group Holdings .............................................................. 
39,541 
2.6 
Deutsche Bank AG Group .............................................................. 
30,337 
2.0 
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning ......................................................... 
21,699 
1.4 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. .............................................................. 
21,418 
1.4 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
DNB Asset Management AS........................................................... 
18,887 
1.3 
State Street Corporation .................................................................. 
18,879 
1.3 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
Kommunal Landspensjonskasse ..................................................... 
17,067 
1.1 
Ameriprise Financials, Inc .............................................................. 
16,018 
1.1 
BNP Paribas, S.A ............................................................................ 
14,971 
1.0 
 ........................................................................................................ 
  
 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
Schroders PLC ................................................................................ 
14,952 
1.0 
SAS Rue La Boetie ......................................................................... 
14,689 
1.0 
Nordea AB ...................................................................................... 
14,533 
1.0 
Danske Bank Group ........................................................................ 
13,339 
0.9 
Marathon-London ........................................................................... 
11,786 
0.8 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB ........................................................... 
11,414 
0.8 
. ....................................................................................................... 
  
 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
 ........................................................................................................ 
 
 
Total largest shareholders ............................................................ 
1,152,787 
76.4 
Other shareholders .......................................................................... 
356,368 
23.6 
Total ............................................................................................... 
1,509,155 
100.0

--- Page 243 ---
11/86235560_3 
233 
 
 
 
At the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2023, the Board was given authorisation for a new share buy-
back programme of 3.5 per cent. In addition, DNB Markets was authorised to repurchase 0.5 per cent. for 
hedging purposes.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 1.5 per cent. was announced on 17 July 2023. A total of 15,237,543 
shares were bought back on trading venues, for a total consideration of NOK 3.23 billion. The average price 
paid per share was NOK 212.2.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 1.0 per cent. was announced on 19 October 2023. A total of 
10,181,247 shares were bought back on trading venues for a total consideration of NOK 2.09 billion. The 
average price paid per share was NOK 205.24.  
A share buy-back programme of up to 0.75 per cent. was announced on 22 December 2023. A total of 
7,635,935 shares were bought back on trading venues for a total consideration of NOK 1.6 billion. The 
average price paid per share was NOK 209.99. Following the three completed buy-back programmes, the 
Bank now owns a total of 33,054,725 of its own shares, equalling 2.143 per cent. of the shares in the Bank. 
A proposal will be made at the Annual General Meeting in 2024 to cancel all these shares. 
The Board will ask the Annual General Meeting in 2024 for authorisation to repurchase 3.5 per cent. of 
outstanding shares for 2024. The buy-back program is subject to regulatory approval from the Norwegian 
FSA.

--- Page 244 ---
11/86235560_3 
234 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
Overview  
The Bank is the result of a merger between Gjensidige NOR Sparebank ASA and Den norske Bank ASA, 
as registered in the Register of Business Enterprises on 19 January 2004, and in which Gjensidige NOR 
Sparebank ASA was the acquiring entity. This entity subsequently changed its name to DnB NOR Bank 
ASA and further changed its name to DNB Bank ASA in November 2011. The most relevant Norwegian 
legislation applicable to Norwegian commercial banks is: 
• 
the Public Limited Liability Company Act of 1997; 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Supervision Act of 1956, which regulates the supervision of, among other 
things, financial institutions and investments firms by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway (the "NFSA"); and 
• 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. 
Supervisory and Other Regulatory Authorities 
Several governmental bodies are responsible for administering legislation governing financial institutions 
in Norway. 
The Ministry of Finance 
The Ministry of Finance is the Norwegian macroprudential authority. It is the Ministry of Finance who sets 
the systemic risk buffer, risk weight floors and other macroprudential tools. The Ministry of Finance also 
issues regulations pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act on many important issues relating 
to financial institutions, including capital adequacy ratios. The Ministry of Finance is the appellate authority 
for the decisions made by the FSA. It is the Ministry of Finance that makes decisions about crisis 
management of financial institutions or placing them under public administration. 
Finanstilsynet (The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, or NFSA) 
The NFSA was created pursuant to the Act on Financial Supervision of 7 December 1956 No. 1, which sets 
forth the responsibilities and powers of the NFSA. The NFSA is an independent governmental entity with 
its own administrative staff and a board of directors. However, the Ministry of Finance oversees the 
activities of the NFSA and administrative decisions made by the NFSA may be appealed to the Ministry of 
Finance. 
The NFSA's mission is to ensure that financial institutions and financial markets in Norway function safely 
and efficiently. It establishes general rules and regulations for the entire financial industry in Norway and 
grants licences to all financial institutions and limited licences to certain other companies, for example 
companies providing payments services. Certain amendments to the articles of association of such 
institutions must be approved by the NFSA. 
The NFSA is responsible primarily for supervising and inspecting, inter alia, banks, insurance companies, 
financing companies, securities brokerage firms, collective investment fund management companies, real 
estate brokers, debt collectors, auditors, accountants, insurance brokers and financial holding companies. 
The NFSA (by delegation from the Ministry of Finance) grants all licenses to engage in regulated financial 
market activities and may revoke any licence for violations of applicable laws and regulations. The NFSA 
is also the Norwegian Resolution Authority, with the exception of decisions about crisis management of 
financial institutions or placing them under public administration, which is made by the Ministry of 
Finance.

--- Page 245 ---
11/86235560_3 
235 
Norges Bank 
Norges Bank is the executive and advisory body for Norwegian monetary, credit and foreign exchange 
policy. Norges Bank is a separate legal entity owned by the Norwegian government. Norges Bank carries 
out ordinary and central bank functions and has important functions in relation to the banking sector. Norges 
Bank is required to ensure that the financial system functions satisfactorily and may provide liquidity loans 
and make deposits with banks. Norges Bank also carries out money market operations. Norges Bank sets 
the countercyclical buffer. 
Regulatory Framework in Norway 
Overview 
The Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to the supervision of the NFSA. The NFSA prepares and/or issues 
regulations and supervises the operations of Norwegian financial institutions, among other things with 
regard to capital adequacy, accounting, governance structures and risk control and procedures. The NFSA 
has a range of tools to facilitate its supervision, such as the right to carry out site visits, and to interview the 
employees of an institution under its supervision and inspect the books and record of such institutions. In 
the event that the NFSA considers the operations of an institution to be unsound or that the institution is in 
breach of applicable laws or regulations within the NFSA's jurisdiction, it may impose administrative 
sanctions on that institution, and it may also revoke the institution's licence to operate. 
Norway is not a member of the EU, but as a member of the EEA, it is, through the EEA agreement, required 
to implement relevant EU directives and regulations relating to financial services in its local legislation. 
Authorisations 
Under Norwegian law, any institution that accepts deposits from the general public and provides credit 
must obtain a banking licence. The Bank is subject to the ongoing regulatory requirements of the Norwegian 
Financial Institutions Act. 
Regulation of Banking and Insurance Activities 
The Norwegian Financial Institutions Act contains rules on incorporation, articles of association and share 
capital, governing bodies, business and dissolution/liquidation of commercial banks. The Norwegian 
Financial Institutions Act also contains a requirement that banks shall make sure that the relation between 
market risk and other risk concerning the enterprise's total assets, shares, equity certificates and other assets, 
including assets which consists of real estate, and the enterprise's core capital is justifiable.  
A commercial bank may engage in all the business and services customary or natural for banks, and shall 
not conduct any activities other than what follows from applicable rules, the licence and the financial 
institution's articles of association, pursuant to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 13-1. 
However, under the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 13-9 a bank may, without violating the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 13-1, have qualified holdings (more than 10 per cent. of the 
capital or the votes) in enterprises which cannot be part of a finance group so long as the reported value of 
the holding does not exceed 15 per cent. of the bank's own funds pursuant to the last quarterly or yearly 
accounts. Such holdings may not in the aggregate exceed 60 per cent. of a bank's own funds. The above 
mentioned does not prevent the bank from temporarily operating or participating in the operation of such 
business to the extent necessary for the bank to recover a claim. 
As a commercial bank, the Bank is subject to a number of specific rules under the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act. According to these rules, the articles of association of the Bank must initially be approved 
by the NFSA. The same applies to certain types of amendments to the articles of association pursuant to 
Section 7-2 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation. Furthermore, according to Section 10-4 of

--- Page 246 ---
11/86235560_3 
236 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act, the Bank's equity may not be increased, decreased or repaid by 
means other than through distribution of retained profits, unless approved by the NFSA. Resolutions 
regarding a decrease, increase or repayment of share capital are only valid when approved by the NFSA. 
An exemption from the requirement of approval is made in Section 10-2 of the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Regulation for increases in share capital of the Bank made in cash. Moreover, under the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Act Section 10-6, the distribution of share capital, dividends, owner's 
shares and primary capital shall not be set higher than what is deemed proper and compatible with prudence 
and standards of fair dealing, taking into annual results, potential future losses or the need for further capital 
in the financial institution.  
Risk and capital assessments in DNB Livsforsikring AS are based on requirements under Solvency II. The 
capital requirement is risk-sensitive and aims to reflect the insurance companies' actual risk. The total risk 
consists of market risk (56 per cent.), insurance risk (28 per cent.), health risk (12 per cent.) and operational 
risk (5 per cent.) at 31 December 2023. The solvency ratio is sensitive to interest rates, volatility adjustment, 
longevity, change in best estimates and effect of changed market values. Insurance risk in DNB 
Livsforsikring includes mortality, longevity, disability, health and disaster risk. Longevity and disability 
constitute 47 per cent. of the total insurance risk. 
The Norwegian FSA has approved the use of transitional rules to fulfil the Solvency II capital requirement 
from 1 January 2016. The only transitional rule in use for DNB Livsforsikring is the 16-year transition 
period for the implementation of market valuation of liabilities. According to this rule, DNB Livsforsikring 
may use book values of the obligations for a transitional period of 16 years. The rule will be phased out by 
one-sixteenth per year from 1 January 2016. This rule has a relatively strong effect in periods with low 
interest rates, due to the gap between interest rates and guaranteed returns under the insurance products. 
Although current interest rates mean that the transitional rule has no effect on the solvency ratio, there can 
be no guarantee that interest rates will not decrease, therefore resulting in stronger and potentially adverse 
effects. 
Capital Requirements  
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Background 
At the international level, a number of regulatory and supervisory initiatives have been implemented in 
recent years in order to increase the quantity and quality of capital, and raise liquidity levels in the banking 
sector. Among such initiatives are a number of specific measures proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and implemented by the EU through CRD IV and CRR 
(each as defined below). 
In 2013, the EU adopted a legislative package to strengthen the regulations of the banking sector and to 
implement the Basel III agreement in the EU legal framework, which resulted in increased capital 
requirements. This package included the directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 (the "CRD IV") and Regulation 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "CRR"). 
On 29 March 2019 the CRD IV and the CRR were incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Subsequently 
the Norwegian parliament passed amendments to the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Ministry 
of Finance adopted changes to CRR/CRD IV implementing the CRD IV and the CRR in Norwegian law. 
Legislation implementing the CRD IV and the CRR for Norwegian institutions entered into force on 31 
December 2019, implementing CRR as is and reflecting the provisions of CRD IV not already implemented 
in Norwegian legislation.

--- Page 247 ---
11/86235560_3 
237 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a package of legislative proposals providing 
for reform of the prudential and resolution frameworks for EU banks and credit institutions. These proposals 
covered amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV, the BRRD and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing 
a Single Resolution Mechanism for the Banking Union. Following negotiations between the European 
Commission, European Parliament and European Council, the final legislation implementing these 
proposals were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. The legislation consists of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876, Directive (EU) No. 2019/878, Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 and Regulation 
(EU) No. 2019/877 and came into force on 27 June 2019 (the "EU Banking Reform Legislation"), with 
certain provisions applying from 27 June 2019 and other provisions gradually being phased in and/or being 
subject to national implementation. 
The EU Banking Reform Legislation covers multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage 
ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, 
macroprudential tools, the MREL (as defined below) framework and the integration of the Financial 
Stability Board's proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity into EU legislation.  
On 11 June 2021, the CRD V, CRR 2 and BRRD 2 were implemented under Norwegian law. As a result, 
these amendments entered into force from 1 June 2022. 
Capital adequacy and liquidity requirements – Norwegian requirements  
Pillar 1 Minimum Capital Requirements and buffer requirements 
The capital adequacy requirements for banks in Norway as at the date of this Base Prospectus consist of 
two pillars. Pillar 1 encompasses minimum capital requirements that are applicable generally to banks. As 
per the provisions of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the CRR, banks must hold capital at 
least equal to 8 per cent. of their Risk Exposure Amount, within which at least 4.5 per cent. must be common 
equity tier 1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital.  
In addition, the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the CRR/CRD IV Regulation imposes various 
capital buffer requirements which must be met by Norwegian financial institutions, all consisting of 
common equity tier 1. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the capital buffer requirements consist of (i) 
a conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount, (ii) a systemic risk buffer of 4.5 per 
cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount (on Norwegian exposures, further described below) and (iii) a counter-
cyclical buffer of 2.5 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount (on Norwegian exposures, further described 
below). In addition, financial institutions (including the DNB Group as a whole and the Bank) which the 
Norwegian authorities have designated as systemically important must also comply with a buffer for 
systemically important financial institutions of 2 per cent. of the Risk Exposure Amount in order to mitigate 
systemic risk. The buffer requirements may change over time, including as discussed further below. 
Under CRD IV, each Member State is responsible for setting a counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to 
exposures in its own jurisdiction. The relevant authorities in the other Member States are required to apply 
such rate to the exposures in that jurisdiction of the banks which they regulate (with discretion whether to 
recognise a rate higher than 2.5 per cent. of REA). The counter-cyclical buffer rate applicable to a particular 
bank will be the weighted average of the counter-cyclical buffer rates in those jurisdictions where such 
bank has exposures from time to time. 
The level of the counter-cyclical buffer will be re-assessed by Norges Bank and the relevant authorities in 
each other Member State each quarter and may result in an increase or a decrease in the rate. A decision to 
increase the requirement may normally take effect no earlier than 12 months following such decision, 
whereas a decrease may take effect immediately.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the counter-cyclical risk buffer in Norway is 2.5 per cent. The DNB 
Group's effective counter-cyclical buffer rate is calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for

--- Page 248 ---
11/86235560_3 
238 
the countries where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group 
has exposures have set the requirement lower than the requirement in Norway, the DNB Group's effective 
counter-cyclical buffer rate requirement was approximately 2.2 per cent. as of 31 March 2024. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the systemic risk buffer in Norway is 4.5 per cent. The DNB Group's 
effective systemic buffer rate is calculated as the weighted average of the buffer rates for the countries 
where the DNB Group has credit exposures. Since several countries in which the DNB Group has exposures 
have set the requirement lower than the requirement in Norway, the DNB Group's effective systemic buffer 
rate requirement was approximately 3.2 per cent. as of 31 March 2024.  
Pillar 2 requirements 
In accordance with CRD IV, the Financial Institutions Act permits regulators to require the banks which 
they regulate to hold additional capital, often referred to as "Pillar 2" capital requirements. The NFSA's 
Pillar 2 requirements are in addition to the Pillar 1 requirements and are expected to reflect institution-
specific capital requirements relating to risks which are not covered or only partly covered by Pillar 1. 
Further to the NFSA's Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") for 2023, the NFSA 
announced on 4 December 2023 that the Pillar 2 requirement for the Bank and the DNB Group had been 
set at 2.0 per cent. of REA. In line with Article 104a of the Capital Requirements Directive, the Pillar 2 
requirement must be fulfilled with approximately 1.1 per cent. (minimum) common equity tier 1 capital, 
approximately 0.4 per cent. additional tier 1 capital and approximately 0.5 per cent. tier 2 capital. Further, 
the NFSA also advised that the Bank and the DNB Group should hold a common equity tier 1 capital buffer 
("Pillar 2 Guidance") of not less than 1.25 per cent. on top of the total common equity tier 1 capital 
requirement. The updated Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 2 Guidance have applied since 31 December 2022. 
As of 31 December 2023, the supervisory expectation (including the Pillar 2 Guidance) for the CET1 capital 
ratio is 16.8 per cent. and 16.7 per cent. for the DNB Group and the Bank, respectively4. The supervisory 
expectation plus some headroom will be DNB's target capital level. The headroom will reflect expected 
future capital needs including market-driven CET1 fluctuations. 
Leverage requirements 
The Basel III framework also provides for capital requirements based on total (i.e. non-risk weighted) 
assets, referred to as leverage ratio requirements. Prior to the implementation of the banking package in 
Norway on 1 June 2022, the leverage ratio requirement was in total 6 per cent., consisting of a general 
leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent., plus a general buffer requirement of 2 per cent. for banks and an 
additional buffer requirement of 1 per cent. for systemically important banks. Upon the implementation of 
the banking package in Norway on 1 June 2022, the 2 per cent. and the 1 per cent. buffer requirements were 
removed. Thus, in Norway, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the current requirement according to the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation is for banks, 
financial institutions, holding companies in financial groups and investment firms that provide certain 
investment services, to hold a leverage ratio of minimum 3 per cent. As at 31 March 2024, the leverage 
ratio of the Bank and the DNB Group was 6.3 per cent. and 6.2 per cent, respectively.  
Any entity which does not comply with the requirements in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and 
the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulations is required, according to the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act Section14-6(3), immediately to rectify such breach. Further, upon such breach, or if there 
is reason to believe that the entity will breach such requirement in the near future, the NFSA may invoke 
certain measures, including restricting dividend payments and interest payments on AT1 instruments. 
 
 
 
4 Including, in each case, 50 per cent. of profit for the period.

--- Page 249 ---
11/86235560_3 
239 
Liquidity requirements 
The Basel III framework also aimed to raise liquidity levels in the banking sector. CRR includes 
requirements relating to the liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR"). The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has, 
in the CRR/CRD IV Regulation Section 11, introduced a LCR requirement of 100 per cent. for each 
significant currency. However, due to the limited size of the domestic capital market, for banks that have 
U.S.$ and/or euro as other significant currencies, the minimum LCR for NOK is reduced to 50 per cent., 
with the difference being made up in additional U.S.$ and/or euro requirements. As a result and to ensure 
compliance with changes in these rules, the DNB Group may need to hold additional liquid assets, which 
may have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 
An NSFR has also proposed with the Basel III framework. This ratio seeks to calculate the proportion of 
long-term assets which are funded by long-term stable funding, and Norway formally implemented NSFR 
liquidity rules on 1 June 2022. The Norwegian FSA had until the formal implementation set NSFR 
requirements based on the Basel Committee's final recommendations as of 2014. 
Bank winding up and crisis management 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD", which terms shall, where the context admits, include that Directive as 
amended or superseded from time to time, including (without limitation) by BRRD 2) entered into force in 
the EU. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity ("relevant entities" being credit institutions, 
investment firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding companies) so as to ensure the continuity 
of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant 
entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD, under its terms, was required to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2015, except for 
the general bail-in tool (see below) which was required to be applied from 1 January 2016. The BRRD was 
incorporated in the EEA Agreement with effect from 1 January 2020 and legislation implementing the 
BRRD in Norway was passed in the Norwegian Parliament in March 2018 and entered into force from 1 
January 2019 at Chapter 20 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act. The amendments made to BRRD 
by BRRD 2 were implemented in Norway on 1 June 2022. The legislation sets forth that any further possible 
supplements and regulation of the details for the implementation of the BRRD and related technical 
standards can be determined through regulations passed by the Ministry under the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act.  
Following entry into force of the BRRD in Norway on 1 January 2019, the Bank and the DNB Group are 
now subject to its resolution tools and powers. The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which 
may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant 
entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct 
the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution 
– which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit 
the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in 
which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims, which would include claims in 
respect of securities such as the Notes, of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down 
may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, which

--- Page 250 ---
11/86235560_3 
240 
would include securities such as the Notes, to equity or other instruments of ownership (the "general bail-
in tool"), with such equity or other instruments also being subject to any future cancellation, transfer or 
dilution. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State, in the event that the above resolution tools alone are 
insufficient to maintain financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to 
holders of capital instruments upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any further 
cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
If Notes (or a percentage of the outstanding principal amount of each Note) of a holder of Notes are required 
to be exchanged and the holder of Notes is DTC or a nominee for DTC (DTC or such nominee for DTC 
acting in such capacity as is specified in the rules and regulations of DTC) then, on the date of such 
exchange, the rights of the holder of Notes (including to payment of the outstanding principal amount and 
interest, and to receive ordinary shares from the Issuer) in relation to such Notes being exchanged are 
immediately and irrevocably terminated and the Issuer will issue the exchange number of ordinary shares 
to a nominee (which nominee may not be the Issuer or a related entity of the Issuer) for no additional 
consideration. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of 
remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State and to preserve financial stability. 
MREL 
Under the BRRD there is also a requirement for EU financial institutions to hold certain minimum levels 
of own funds and other eligible liabilities ("MREL") which would be available to be written down or 
bailed-in in order to facilitate the rescue or resolution of a failing bank. Such requirements came into effect 
(subject to transitional provisions) in the EU from 1 January 2016. Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 
2016 supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council sets forth draft 
regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. General rules for Norwegian MREL requirements are 
included in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulation.  
Under Norwegian law, there is a distinction between (i) instruments that are eligible and qualify for the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement and (ii) instruments that may be bailed in (which is a broader concept). 
For example, instruments with an original maturity or a remaining maturity of less than one year may be 
bailed-in (but would not count as fulfilling the MREL requirement). Any Notes issued under the Programme 
could potentially be bailed-in, including Notes that are not eligible as MREL. Noteholders should therefore

--- Page 251 ---
11/86235560_3 
241 
be aware that a broad range of debt instruments may be liable to bail-in and Noteholders may lose all or 
some of their investment in any Notes that are bailed-in. 
The Creditor Hierarchy Directive (Directive 2017/2399/EU) was adopted by the European Parliament and 
Council in December 2017. The directive amends the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
and introduces a common approach to the hierarchy of bank creditors in insolvency proceedings. It 
establishes a clear order in which losses are imposed, thus enhancing legal certainty and reducing risks for 
investors. The directive required Member States to change their insolvency laws to create a new class of 
'non-preferred senior' creditors in the creditor hierarchy. This new class is designed to form part of the 
senior unsecured class, ranking ahead of tier 2 capital and other subordinated debts, but ranking behind 
ordinary senior unsecured debts. It is intended that instruments issued as part of the new class should 
(subject to satisfaction of the other requisite criteria) constitute 'eligible liabilities instruments', being 
instruments which are not own funds (i.e. tier 1 or tier 2 capital) but are eligible for inclusion in MREL. 
National legislation incorporating the Creditor Hierarchy Directive into Norwegian law entered into force 
1 July 2021.   
A legislative amendment in March 2024 (which enters into force on 1 July 2024) clarified that claims 
arising from capital instruments that are only partially eligible for inclusion in subordinated capital shall be 
covered, written down or converted in the same way as instruments that are fully eligible for inclusion in 
the relevant subordinated capital class. The purpose of this clarification is in particular to clarify the priority 
of claims arising from capital instruments that are subject to transitional arrangements in line with the 
requirements set out in Article 48 (7) of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive.  
In Norway, the MREL requirement is set by the NFSA. The DNB Group is, based on the  CET1 requirement 
as per 31 March 2024 of 15.6 per cent. (not including Pillar 2 Guidance), required to hold total MREL 
capital equal to approximately 38 per cent. of REA (adjusted for REA stemming from DNB Boligkreditt 
AS as the covered bond entity). The total MREL subordination requirement is approximately 30 per cent. 
of adjusted REA. 
CRR 3/CRD 6 
On 6 December 2023, the EU approved the agreement on the implementation of the final parts of the Basel 
IV recommendations in the EU. The regulatory changes include a new standardised approach for 
calculating capital requirements for credit risk, new restrictions on the use of internal models (including a 
new capital requirement floor, new input floors on LGD and not allowing advanced internal models for 
large corporates), a revision of the market risk framework, and new requirements for ESG risk assessments 
and enhanced supervision. 
The regulatory amendments for implementing Basel IV are set out in the so-called CRR3 and CRD6. This 
legislation has EEA relevance, and the Ministry of Finance has expressed that its goal is that the new 
standardised approach and the other amendments in the CRR3 shall enter into force in Norway on the same 
date as in the EU, that is, from 1 January 2025, while the rules in the CRD6 should be applicable 18 months 
from the publication of CRD6 in the Official Journal of the EU. 
The Ministry of Finance gave the NFSA the task of preparing a consultation paper on the implementation 
of expected EEA rules corresponding to those set out in the CRR3 and the CRD6. The NFSA is also to 
assess the effects of the rules, and whether any options available to Norway, such as national regulatory 
measures, should be used, and if so, how. 
Limitations on Large Exposures 
CRR is implemented in Norway and contains restrictions on financial institutions' large exposures. As a 
general rule, financial institutions shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of certain

--- Page 252 ---
11/86235560_3 
242 
credit risk mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25.0 per cent. of 
its eligible capital. 
Regulation of Investment Services Provided by the Bank (DNB Markets) 
The Bank also holds a licence as an investment firm and is therefore also regulated by the Securities Trading 
Act of 29 June 2007 No. 75 (the "Securities Trading Act"). The investment services provided by the Bank 
(other than investment advice) are performed by DNB Markets, which is a department within the Bank and 
not a separate legal entity. The Securities Trading Act and adherent regulations implement the EEA rules 
corresponding to MiFID II.  
Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
The Norwegian Financial Institutions Act requires that all savings banks and commercial banks 
incorporated in Norway shall be members of the Norwegian Banks' Guarantee Fund. The Guarantee Fund 
provides a deposit guarantee of NOK 2 million per depositor per bank, should a member bank be unable to 
meet its commitments. However, savings received by members of the Norwegian Bank's Guarantee Fund 
through a branch established in another EEA state or through cross border activities in another EEA state 
is limited to a deposit guarantee of EUR 100,000 in accordance with the deposit guarantee level stipulated 
in Directive 94/19/EC. With exception for the level of the guarantee, the Norwegian Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes legislation is in accordance with Directive 2009/49/EU, but the directive is not yet incorporated 
into the EEA Agreement. 
PSD2 and Open Banking 
The EU's revised payment services directive, PSD2, has been implemented in Norway. The directive was 
mainly implemented in the Norwegian Financial Institutions Act and the Payment Services Regulations in 
March 2019. The technical regulations for secure customer authentication came into force on 14 September 
2019, and this, in effect, marked the start of the provision of third-party services related to account 
information andaccount-to-account payments in Norway. The DNB Group is actively working to position 
the Bank with a view to protecting its existing business operations, while making the most of the potential 
and reducing the disadvantages of Open Banking. 
Regulatory Developments  
New Financial Supervision Act 
A proposal for a new Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway was presented on 5 April 2024. 
It is proposed to strengthen the Financial Supervisory Authority's indepence from the Ministry of Finance. 
The bill contains a provision that limits the ability to instruct the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway. The restriction applies to individual cases, with the exception of cases of principle or great 
importance to society. This is new in relation to current law, but in line with long-standing practice where 
the Ministry has not instructed on the outcome of individual cases. It is also proposed to establish an appeals 
board to hear appeals against the decisions made by the Financial Supervisory Authority, which the 
Ministry cannot intervene in. 
Regulation of Banks' Lending Practices 
With effect from 1 January 2021, the Home Mortgage Regulations and the Consumer Loan Regulations, 
together governing lending activities in Norway, were combined in a joint Lending Regulation that will, 
unless extended or cancelled, be in effect until 31 December 2024. The Lending Regulation contains the 
following key elements:

--- Page 253 ---
11/86235560_3 
243 
• 
The interest stress test: A stress test will be applied to customers applying for a new floating rate 
mortgage. The stress test will account for an interest rate increase of three percentage points, with 
a floor of seven per cent. The interest rate stress test prior to 1 January 2023 was for five percentage 
points (with no floor).  
• 
Total debt of the customer shall not exceed five times their gross annual income.  
• 
Loan-to-value maximum of 85 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages, meaning 
that the customer needs to provide 15 per cent. equity. 
• 
Loan-to-value needs to be below 60 per cent. for loans secured with residential mortgages without 
mandatory instalments (e.g., revolving loans). 
• 
Specific requirements for loans with security in assets other than houses (for example, car and boat 
loans). 
• 
The regulation is only applicable for consumers.  
Financial institutions may deviate from certain requirements based on specific thresholds (for mortgages, 
10 per cent. of granted loans within a calendar quarter). 
The Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority shall, by 23 August 2024, provide advice to the Ministry 
of Finance on the design of the lending regulation after 31 December 2024. The advice is expected to be 
accompanied by a consultation paper. 
New Financial Contracts Act  
The new Financial Contracts Act, governing the relationship between banks and their customers, was 
adopted by the Norwegian Parliament in December 2020. The Act entered into force on 1 January 2023. 
The new Act is based on the previous one, with comprehensive amendments, including those related to 
consumer protection and technology.  
Changes to the capital requirements framework - CRR 3/CRD 6 
On 6 December 2023, the EU approved the agreement on the implementation of the Basel IV 
recommendations in the EU. The regulatory changes include a new standardised approach for calculating 
capital requirements for credit risk, new restrictions on the use of internal models (including a new capital 
requirement floor, new input floors on loss given default and not allowing advanced internal models for 
large corporates), a revision of the market risk framework, and new requirements for ESG risk assessments 
and enhanced supervision. 
The regulatory amendments for implementing Basel IV are set out in the CRR3 and the CRD6. The Ministry 
of Finance has tasked the NFSA with preparing a consultation paper on the implementation of CRR3 and 
CRD6 into Norwegian law. The NFSA is also to assess the effects of the rules, and whether any options 
available to Norway, such as national regulatory measures, should be used and, if so, how. The Ministry of 
Finance has stated that the goal is to have the new standardised approach and the other amendments in the 
CRR 3 in force in Norway on the same date as in the EU, that is, from 1 January 2025. 
New rules on securitisation  
On 23 April 2021, the Norwegian parliament approved certain amendments in the Norwegian Financial 
Institutions Act which implemented Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the "Securitisation Regulation") and 
laying down a general framework for securitisation. Awaiting a final decision in the EEA, such amendments 
are to be effective from the day decided by the King in the Council of State. On 13 December 2023, the

--- Page 254 ---
11/86235560_3 
244 
EEA committee sent a draft EEA joint committee decision ("JCD") to the EU Commission, with respect 
to incorporating the Securitisation Regulation in the EEA agreement. The draft JCD also includes 
provisions incorporating regulation 2021/557 and regulation 2021/558 into the EEA Agreement, which 
establishes a framework for simple, transparent and standardised on-balance-sheet securitisations and for 
securitisation of non-performing loans. 
Such implementation will require consent from the EU Commission and all EEA countries. It is therefore 
uncertain when the Securitisation Regulation will enter into force in Norway, and how the final 
implementation will look. 
Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) 
A regulation on digital operational resilience (Regulation (EU) 2022/2554) and an associated amending 
directive (Directive (EU) 2022/2556) were adopted in the EU in December 2022. The new regulations are 
referred to as the "Digital Operational Resilience Act" ("DORA"), and will apply in the EU from 17 January 
2025. The regulations are assumed to be EEA relevant. Norwegian financial market actors have long been 
subject to regulations and supervision to ensure a high degree of ICT security. DORA will result in more 
comprehensive and detailed requirements for security and preparedness, including the use of 
subcontractors. A consultation paper from the Ministry of Finance on the need for amendments to 
Norwegian law to implement DORA was on public consultation until 3 April 2024. 
Tax advisors' disclosure obligation and duty of confidentiality 
In the Official Norwegian Report NOU 2019:15, the so-called Skatterådgiverutvalget (tax advisors 
committee) proposed that a new disclosure obligation be imposed on the Norwegian tax authorities. The 
disclosure obligation would apply to both tax advisors and customers, who would be obliged to disclose 
information about tax arrangements that pose a risk of aggressive tax planning, in line with international 
recommendations (BEPS). The committee proposed to implement this in Norway in the same manner as in 
the EU, to a large extent based on the EU Council Directive DAC 6. The proposal is comprehensive and 
would primarily have consequences for lawyers, accountants and others who offer tax advice. Financial 
institutions may also become subject to the disclosure obligation, should it be enacted into law. The report 
has been circulated for public comment. It is yet uncertain whether the Ministry of Finance will propose 
that the disclosure obligation be enacted into law. 
New Act on sustainability-related disclosures 
In December 2021, the Norwegian Parliament adopted a new act (the "Sustainable Finance Act") that 
implements the EU Regulation on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector 
(Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation – SFDR) and the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy Regulation) in Norwegian law. Among other things, the act requires banks, insurance 
undertakings and listed companies with more than 500 employees to include information in their annual 
reports on the extent to which their activities can be classified as sustainable under the EU taxonomy. The 
Sustainable Finance Act entered into force in on 1 January 2023. Banks and other financial undertakings 
will report their taxonmy alignment from 2024 for financial year 2023.  
On 15 March 2024, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance presented a proposal for a legislative bill to the 
Norwegian Parliament on the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
("CSRD"). It is proposed that the CSRD reporting requirements in Norway shall follow the EU timeline.  
IFRS 17 
In May 2017, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued the new standard IFRS 17 
Insurance Contracts, which replaces IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts and sets out new principles for recognition, 
measurement, presentation and disclosures of insurance contracts. In June 2020, the IASB adopted some

--- Page 255 ---
11/86235560_3 
245 
amendments to the standard. The standard was endorsed by the EU in November 2021, but with an optional 
exception from the requirement for annual cohorts ('carve-out') for life insurance contracts that have certain 
characteristics. The standard is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with a 
requirement for comparable figures. 
The new set of rules entails a new measurement method for the DNB Group's life insurance liabilities, 
whereby estimated future cashflow in the insurance contracts will be discounted using a marked-based 
interest rate. This affects the transition effect as at 1 January 2022, recognised liabilities, and future profit 
and loss. There will also be significant changes from the current presentation in the income statement, 
where operating expenses relating to insurance contracts under the new rules are included in net operating 
income in the income statement, compared with current presentation under operating expenses. 
Impact for the DNB Group 
The DNB Group applies IFRS 17 from 1 January 2023. At the same time, the DNB Group changed 
measurement of some financial instruments under IFRS 9. 
The new accounting rules will have an effect on the DNB Group's consolidated accounts, and the rules will 
mainly affect the measurement and presentation of the DNB Group's insurance contracts held by DNB 
Livsforsikring. The rules are not being introduced in the company accounts for DNB Livsforsikring. The 
transition to IFRS 17 does not therefore affect DNB Livsforsikring's capitalisation, tax base or dividend 
capacity. There are no changes in the underlying business model, operations or strategy as a result of the 
introduction of IFRS 17. 
The full implementation effect of IFRS 17, as well as the effect of the changed measurement of financial 
instruments, was NOK 9,823 million after tax, and reduced the DNB Group's equity at the time of the 
transition on 1 January 2022 accordingly. Compared with the situation under the previous rules, the one-
time effect on equity is expected to be compensated for by positive results in future periods. 
The transition to IFRS 17 does not affect the DNB Group's common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital, and thus 
does not affect the DNB Group's capital adequacy, leverage ratio, maximum distributable amount (MDA) 
or dividend capacity. 
State loan guarantee programme for the business sector 
In October 2022, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance proposed to the Norwegian parliament certain financial 
measures in response to the repercussions of the war in Ukraine and the resulting rise in energy costs. These 
proposed measures included, among others, the establishment of a temporary compensation scheme 
addressing energy costs and a temporary loan guarantee programme for business sectors. The purpose of 
the proposed loan guarantee programme, which would be managed by Export Finance Norway, is to provide 
companies in energy-intensive industries access to bank loans. 
Under the programme, when new bank loans are issued to companies facing acute liquidity shortages 
resulting from sharp increases in energy prices, the Norwegian Government would provide a guarantee for 
90 per cent. of the loan amount. The proposition sets a guarantee limit of NOK 400 million in addition to 
an allocation for impairment provisions of NOK 120 million. The EFTA approved the proposition in 
November 2022 and the programme was operational from 9 November 2022. 
Proposal to prohibit soft commissions 
To ensure increased transparency in the savings market, the NFSA has proposed introducing a ban on 
receiving or providing soft commissions when distributing savings products to retail clients. This will, for 
example, mean that distributors of savings products will no longer be able to receive soft commissions. In

--- Page 256 ---
11/86235560_3 
246 
the NFSA's view, a ban will ensure that conflicts of interest are handled in a better way and will make it 
easier for consumers to compare prices. 
DNB Asset Management has decided to implement the proposed restrictions on distribution fees and has 
amended its articles of association of its retail funds distributed in Norway accordingly. This means that 
neither DNB Bank ASA nor DNB Asset Management's other distributors in Norway will be able to receive 
soft commissions.  
The public hearing for the proposal expired 18 November 2022. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Ministry has yet to publish their assessment of the proposal.

--- Page 257 ---
11/86235560_3 
247 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under 
the tax laws of the country of which they are resident of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, 
the consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Notes. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes issued under the Programme to persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of such Notes issued by the Issuer are, under present 
Norwegian law, not subject to Norwegian tax (except for payments to related parties in low-tax 
jurisdictions) and may hence be made without any withholding tax or deduction for any Norwegian taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges. 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of such Notes by persons who have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of the Notes are not, under present Norwegian law, subject 
to Norwegian taxes or duties. 
Under present Norwegian law (i) no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the 
issues of the Notes and (ii)Notes will not be subject to any Norwegian estate duties. 
Persons (both corporate entities and natural persons) considered domiciled in Norway for tax purposes will 
be subject to Norwegian income tax on interest received in respect of the Notes. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the ordinary income tax rate is 22 per cent (25 per cent for corporate entities that are subject to 
the Norwegian finance tax rate). Likewise, capital gains or profits realised by such persons on the sale, 
disposal or redemption of the Notes will be subject to Norwegian taxation. Natural persons domiciled in 
Norway are further subject to general wealth tax, which is not described further in this summary. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as "FATCA", 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (together, the "participating Member States") and Estonia. 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 258 ---
11/86235560_3 
248 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred 
to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 259 ---
11/86235560_3 
249 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (the "Programme Agreement") 
dated 29 April 2024 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
The Amended and Restated Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer under any 
such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled 
to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant 
Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to its satisfaction on 
or before the date such Notes are issued. In this situation, the issue of the relevant Notes may not be 
completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or any Dealer in respect of any expense incurred 
or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their general 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S 
of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells the Notes during the 
Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of any Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Until the 
expiration of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of Registered Notes within the 
United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other transfer of Notes made other than in compliance 
with the restrictions set out above and below shall not be recognised by the Issuer or any of its agents. The 
certificates for the Notes sold in the United States shall bear a legend to this effect. 
Bearer Notes 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Notes in the United States made or approved by a 
Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by a Dealer in connection with 
secondary trading) shall be effected pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Registered Notes made in the United States or to U.S. persons 
may be made only to (a) "accredited investors" that are institutions that such Dealer has taken all 
reasonable steps to verify are "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the 
Securities Act) ("Institutional Accredited Investors") who have executed and provided to the relevant 
Dealer the IAI Investment Letter (as defined below) addressed to the Issuer, the Registrar and the relevant

--- Page 260 ---
11/86235560_3 
250 
Dealer(s) substantially in the form attached to the Agency Agreement in a private placement transaction 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to section 4(a)(2) thereof or (b) to 
institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as qualified institutional buyers (as defined in 
Rule 144A) (each such institutional investor being hereinafter referred to as a "qualified institutional 
buyer" or "QIB") in a transaction otherwise meeting the requirements of Rule 144A. 
Registered Notes will be offered in the United States only by approaching prospective purchasers on an 
individual basis. No general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are used in Rule 502 under 
the Securities Act) will be used in connection with the offering of the Notes in the United States and no 
directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) shall be used in connection with the offering of the 
Notes outside of the United States. 
No sale of Registered Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited 
Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Registered Note will 
be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank 
fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Each Note representing Notes initially offered and sold in the United States shall contain a legend in 
substantially the following form: 
"THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY (THE "SECURITY") HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, "US PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR 
MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL "ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) (AN 
"INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR"); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING 
PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE 
LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE 
ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER 
THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO 
A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER 
IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE 
UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) OTHERWISE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER, OR ATTEMPTED RESALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITY MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
RESTRICTIONS SET OUT ABOVE AND BELOW SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER 
OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS."

--- Page 261 ---
11/86235560_3 
251 
Each Reg S. Note shall contain a legend substantially in the following form: 
"THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY (THE "SECURITY") HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE US SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, "US PERSONS" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("US PERSONS") EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION 
NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART, 
SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO US PERSONS UNLESS MADE (I) 
PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT 
TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
The legend endorsed on each Note shall be removed, in the case of the Reg. S Global Note, after expiry of 
the Distribution Compliance Period applicable thereto and, in the case of the Restricted Global Note, after 
expiry of the applicable required holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act 
from the later of the date of original issue and the date on which the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer was 
the owner of such Note (or any predecessor thereto). 
By its purchase of any Notes, each investor in the United States shall be deemed to have agreed to the 
restrictions contained in any legend endorsed on the Note purchased by it (to the extent still applicable) and 
each such purchaser shall be deemed to have represented to the Issuer, the seller and the Dealer, if 
applicable, that it is either (i) a QIB or (ii) an Institutional Accredited Investor that is acquiring the Notes 
for its own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution thereof. Each investor (other than 
an investor in Reg. S Notes following expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period), by its 
purchase of any Notes, also agrees to deliver to the transferee of any Note a notice substantially to the effect 
of the above legend. 
Each prospective investor in the United States is hereby offered the opportunity to ask questions of, and 
receive answers from, the Issuer and the Dealers concerning the terms and conditions of the offering. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against, or to contribute 
to losses arising out of, certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, in respect of Notes. 
In connection with its purchase of Registered Notes, each Institutional Accredited Investor shall deliver to 
the Issuer, the Registrar and the relevant Dealer(s) a letter (the "IAI Investment Letter") stating, among 
other things, that: 
(a) 
it has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other information as it deems necessary in 
order to make its investment decision; 
(b) 
it understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and 
conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus and the Notes and that it agrees to be bound by, and 
not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions 
and conditions and the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws; 
(c) 
it understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, it 
is acquiring the Notes in a private placements transaction pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, and that the Notes may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following 
sentence. It will agree, on its own behalf and on behalf of any account for which it is purchasing 
the Notes, and each subsequent holder of the Notes by its acceptance thereof will agree, not to 
offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Notes except (A) (i) to the Issuer or a Dealer (as defined in 
this Base Prospectus), (ii) to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB that purchases 
for its own account or for the account of a QIB or QIBs, in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 903 or 904 of

--- Page 262 ---
11/86235560_3 
252 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iv) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) (resales described in 
subclauses (i) through (iv) of this clause (A), "Safe Harbor Resales"), or (B) pursuant to any other 
available exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act (provided that as 
a condition to the registration of transfer of any Notes otherwise than in a Safe Harbour Resale the 
Issuer and the Registrar will require delivery of such other documents or other evidence (including 
but not limited to an opinion of U.S. counsel) that the Issuer, in its sole discretion, may deem 
necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with such exemption), or (C) pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and in each of such cases in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States; 
(d) 
it understands that, on any proposed resale of any Notes, it will be required to furnish to the Issuer 
such certifications, legal opinions, and other information as the Issuer may reasonably require to 
confirm that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions; 
(e) 
in the normal course of business, it invests in or purchases securities similar to the Notes. It is an 
Accredited Investor that is an institution within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Notes, 
and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic risk of its or any 
such accounts' investment; 
(f) 
it is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of 
which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it exercises sole investment 
discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, nevertheless, to the 
understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain within its control; 
and 
(g) 
it acknowledges that the Issuer and the Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements and it agrees that, if any such 
acknowledgments, representations or warranties made pursuant hereto are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to such account and 
that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on 
behalf of each such account. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes offered in the United States or who is a U.S. person, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
such offeree acknowledges that this Base Prospectus is personal to such offeree and does not 
constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise 
acquire Notes other than pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or in 
offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S. Distribution of this Base Prospectus, or 
disclosure of any of its contents to any person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, 
retained to advise such offeree with respect thereto is unauthorised, and any disclosure of any of 
its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited; and 
(b) 
such offeree agrees to make no photocopies of this Base Prospectus or any documents referred to 
herein. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 263 ---
11/86235560_3 
253 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State of the EEA except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; 
or

--- Page 264 ---
11/86235560_3 
254 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Norway 
Notes shall be registered in a central securities depositary authorised or recognised under Regulation (EU) 
No. 909/2014. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Base 
Prospectus has been filed with the Norwegian FSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway except: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor; 
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Sections 10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 876;

--- Page 265 ---
11/86235560_3 
255 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, 
fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Sections 
10-2 to 10-5 cf. Section 7-1 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation of 29 June 2007 No. 
876), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore 
Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of 
the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to, 
and it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell Notes other than to, purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 266 ---
11/86235560_3 
256 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident 
of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (ii) it has not issued or had in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, 
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which 
is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except 
if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which 
are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Notes in bearer form (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in 
bearer form underlying the Notes) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, 
a depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005 on the abolition of bearer securities. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended from time to time (the "Financial Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; 
or 
 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14

--- Page 267 ---
11/86235560_3 
257 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and in accordance with any applicable Italian 
laws and regulations. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must: 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act"), and applicable laws and regulations; and 
 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, 
the Arranger and any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger and any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 268 ---
11/86235560_3 
258 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and the subsequent updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the joint meeting of the Board of Directors and the Committee of 
Representatives of the Issuer dated 31 October 1996, and resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 15 January 1998, 13 January 1999, 28 April 2000, 29 April 2000, 18 January 2001, 17 January 2002, 
15 January 2003, 9 March 2004, 20 January 2005, 10 January 2006, 9 August 2006, 30 January 2007, 16 
January 2008, 9 December 2008, 8 December 2009, 9 December 2010, 7 December 2011, 12 December 
2012, 11 December 2013, 10 December 2014, 9 December 2015, 23 November 2016, 6 December 2017, 
12 December 2018, 11 December 2019, 9 December 2020, 9 December 2021, 9 March 2022 and 8 February 
2023.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt 
Notes and Swiss Domestic Notes) within the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. The regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to the SIX Swiss Exchange for the approval of this Base Prospectus. An 
application may be made to the SIX Swiss Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in London: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement, the forms of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, the Permanent Bearer Global Note, the Reg. S Global Note, the 
Restricted Global Note, the Swiss Global Note, the definitive Bearer and Registered Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for each of 
the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 together with the auditors' 
reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer, in each case together with 
any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith; and 
(v) 
this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms and each Pricing 
Supplement (save that Pricing Supplements relating to Exempt Notes will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity). 
The items listed above will also be electronically available for inspection at https://www.ir.dnb.no/funding-
and-rating/funding-programmes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the above websites do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, a copy of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus from time to time and each Final Terms relating to Notes

--- Page 269 ---
11/86235560_3 
259 
which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin will also be available on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS. The 
appropriate Common Code, ISIN and Swiss Security Number (as appropriate) for each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and SIS will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In addition, the Issuer may make an 
application for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP 
number for each Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and common code, will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including the VPS), the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, SIS and the VPS are the entities in charge of 
keeping the records. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of DTC is 55 
Water Street, New York, NY 10041–0099, USA; the address of SIS is SIX SIS Ltd, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-
4600 Olten, Switzerland; and the address of the VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, Po. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 
Oslo. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche to be issued will be determined at the time of the 
offering of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023 and there 
has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the DNB 
Group since 31 March 2024.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer and the DNB Group-Litigation", neither the Issuer nor any 
member of the DNB Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the DNB Group.  
Independent Auditors 
Ernst & Young AS ("Ernst & Young") of Dronning Eufemias gate 6, P.O. Box 20, NO-0051 Oslo, 
Norway, audited the financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023 without qualification. Ernst & Young is a member of the Norwegian Institute 
of Public Accountants and is supervised by the Norwegian FSA which is recognised by the Swiss Federal 
Council. Ernst & Young AS has not audited, reviewed or produced any report on any other information 
provided in this Base Prospectus. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes (other than Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
which are Exempt Notes), an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant

--- Page 270 ---
11/86235560_3 
260 
Issue Price and (in the case of Reset Notes) on the basis of the rate of interest as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes 
constituting derivative securities (as such term is defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Irish Listing Agent 
The Irish Listing Agent is Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited and the address of its registered office is 
Arthur Cox Building, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting 
solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300GKFG0RYRRQ1414. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.dnb.no/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 271 ---
11/86235560_3 
261 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
$ vii 
£ vii 
€ vii 
30/360 ................................................... 120, 145 
30E/360 ........................................................ 145 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 146 
360/360 ......................................................... 145 
Accredited Investor ...................................... 251 
accredited investors ...................................... 250 
Accrual Period .............................................. 119 
Actual/360 .................................................... 145 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 145 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................... 145 
Actual/Actual ............................................... 145 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................. 119 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 145 
Additional Tier 1 Capital .............................. 117 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 157 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 110 
Agent ............................................................ 110 
Alternative Rate ............................................ 158 
Amortised Face Amount............................... 177 
an offer of Notes to the public ...................... 255 
Applicable Banking Regulations .......... 117, 179 
applicable Final Terms ................................. 111 
Applicable MREL Regulations .................... 158 
Applicable Procedures .................................. 187 
Bank .................................................................. i 
Bank Rate ..................................................... 128 
banking organisation .................................... 108 
Base Prospectus ........................................ 74, 92 
BBSW........................................................... 124 
Bearer Notes .............................................. i, 112 
Belgian Consumer ........................................ 257 
Benchmark ................................................... 161 
Benchmark Amendments ............................. 158 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 158 
Benchmark Replacement .............................. 161 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment .......... 161 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .................................................................. 161 
Benchmark Replacement Date ..................... 162 
Benchmark Transition Event ........................ 162 
Benchmarks Regulation.................................. vii 
Beneficial Owner .......................................... 108 
BMR ............................................................... 89 
Bond Basis .................................................... 145 
BRRD ........................................................... 114 
Business Day ................................................ 121 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 122 
Capital Event ................................................ 179 
Central Bank ...................................................... i 
CIBOR .......................................................... 125 
clearing agency ............................................. 108 
Clearing Agency ........................................... 185 
clearing corporation ...................................... 108 
Clearing Systems .......................................... 108 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ........................ iv, 112 
CMT Rate ..................................................... 151 
CMT Reset Determination Time ................... 151 
Code .............................................................. 171 
Commission's Proposal ................................. 248 
Common Depositary ........................................ iv 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ..................... 117 
Common Safekeeper ........................................ iv 
Compounded Daily SOFR ............................ 131 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................... 125 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate .................. 129 
Compounded SOFR ...................................... 134 
Conditions ................................................. 74, 92 
Corresponding Tenor .................................... 162 
Couponholders ...................... 111, 179, 180, 181 
Coupons ........................................................ 111 
CRA Regulation .......................................... ii, 86 
CRD IV ......................................................... 159 
CRD IV Directive ......................................... 159 
CRD IV Implementing Measures ................. 159 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive ........................ 114 
CRR .............................................................. 159 
d 129 
D1 .......................................................... 145, 146 
D2 .......................................................... 145, 146 
Day Count Fraction ....................... 119, 145, 151 
dc 134 
Dealer ................................................................. i 
Dealers ............................................................... i 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 111 
Designated Maturity.............................. 122, 146 
Determination Period .................................... 120 
Direct Participants ......................................... 108 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Obligations ... 118 
Disqualified Tier 2 Obligations ..................... 118 
Distribution Compliance Period ................ v, 186 
distributor ................................................... vi, 73 
do 131 
DTC .......................................................... v, 112 
DTC Notes .................................................... 108 
EEA ........................................................ i, 73, 91 
eligible liabilities ........................................... 160 
Ernst & Young .............................................. 260 
ESMA ......................................................... ii, 89 
EU ..................................................................... ii 
EUR ................................................................ vii 
EURIBOR ..................................................... 125 
euro ................................................................. vii 
Eurobond Basis ............................................. 145 
Euroclear .................................................. iv, 112 
Euronext Dublin ................................................. i 
EUWA ........................................................ ii, 73 
Exchange Act ................................................ 194 
Exchange Agent ............................................ 110 
Exchange Date ................................................ 68 
Exchange Event .............................................. 68 
Excluded Winding-up ................................... 115

--- Page 272 ---
11/86235560_3 
262 
Exempt Notes ........................................... ii, 110 
FATCA ......................................................... 248 
FIEA ............................................................. 257 
Final Terms .............................................. ii, 111 
FinSA ................................................................ i 
First Reset Date ............................................ 151 
First Reset Margin ........................................ 151 
First Reset Period ......................................... 151 
First Reset Rate of Interest ........................... 151 
Fixed Interest Period .................................... 119 
Floating Rate ................................................ 122 
Floating Rate Option .................................... 122 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 248 
FSMA ...................................................... iv, 255 
FTT ............................................................... 248 
Group ............................................................ 160 
H.15(519) ..................................................... 151 
HIBOR ......................................................... 125 
holder ...................................................... 69, 113 
holder of Notes ....................................... 71, 112 
holders .................................................. 111, 115 
i 131 
IAI Investment Letter ........................... 186, 252 
IFRS ............................................................... 64 
IGAs ............................................................. 248 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 160 
Indirect Participants ...................................... 108 
Initial Period ................................................. 147 
Initial Rate of Interest ................................... 152 
Institutional Accredited Investor .................. 251 
Institutional Accredited Investors ..... v, 185, 250 
Insurance Distribution Directive ...................... v 
Interest Amount ............................................ 144 
Interest Payment Date .................................. 120 
Interest Period ...................................... 121, 152 
Intermediary ............................................ iv, 113 
Intermediated Securities ......................... 69, 113 
Investor Put ...................................................... 4 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement .................... 122 
ISDA Definitions .................................. 122, 162 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment .......................... 163 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 163 
ISDA Rate .................................................... 122 
Issuer ............................................. i, 74, 92, 110 
Issuer Call ......................................................... 4 
Issuer-ICSDs Agreement ................................ 71 
Legacy Subordinated Obligations ................ 118 
Legend .......................................................... 185 
Legended Notes ............................................ 185 
listed .................................................................. i 
Lock-out Period ............................................ 131 
London Banking Day ........................... 126, 129 
London Business Day ................................... 147 
Long Maturity Note ...................................... 172 
M1 ......................................................... 145, 146 
M2 ......................................................... 145, 146 
Mid-Market Swap Rate ................................ 152 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation ............... 152 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate .... 152 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity ................. 152 
Mid-Swap Rate ............................................. 152 
MiFID II ....................................................... i, 73 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................... vi 
Moody's ............................................................. ii 
MREL Disqualification Event ...................... 180 
MREL Eligible Liabilities ............................. 160 
MREL Requirement ...................................... 160 
NGN ................................................................. iv 
ni 131 
NIBOR .......................................................... 125 
NOK ................................................................ vii 
Non-Preferred Junior Securities .................... 115 
Non-Preferred Parity Securities .................... 115 
Norwegian FSA ............................................ 118 
Norwegian Statutory Loss Absorption Powers
 .................................................................. 196 
Noteholder ................................ 69, 71, 112, 113 
Noteholders ........... 111, 114, 115, 179, 180, 181 
Notes .. i, 110, 113, 114, 115, 176, 179, 180, 181 
NSS ................................................................. 71 
Observation Period................................ 126, 132 
offer ....................................................... 254, 255 
offer of Notes to the public ........................... 254 
Official List ........................................................ i 
Original Reference Rate ................................ 160 
Original Reset Reference Rate Basis ............ 153 
Oslo Stock Exchange ........................................ 9 
p 127, 132 
participating Member States ......................... 249 
Paying Agent ................................................. 110 
Paying Agents ............................................... 110 
Payment Day ................................................. 174 
Permanent Bearer Global Note ........................ iv 
PRIBOR ........................................................ 125 
Pricing Supplement ................................... ii, 111 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ vi, 73, 91 
Priority of Claims .......................................... 116 
Proceedings ................................................... 194 
professional investors ............................ 255, 256 
Programme Agreement ................................. 250 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers .. 257 
Prospectus Regulation .................................. i, 74 
Put Notice ..................................................... 177 
QIB ............................................................... 251 
QIBs .......................................................... v, 185 
qualified institutional buyer .......................... 251 
Qualified Institutional Buyer ........................ 251 
Qualifying Additional Tier 1 Obligations ..... 118 
Qualifying MREL Securities ........................ 182 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities .............. 181 
Qualifying Tier 2 Obligations ....................... 118 
Rate of Interest .............................................. 120 
Rating Agency .............................................. 181 
Receiptholders .............................................. 111 
Record Date .................................................. 173 
Redeemed Notes ........................................... 176 
Reference Banks ........................................... 124 
Reference Bond Price ................................... 153 
Reference Bond Rate .................................... 153 
Reference Day ............................................... 132

--- Page 273 ---
11/86235560_3 
263 
Reference Government Bond Dealer ............ 153 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations
 .................................................................. 153 
Reference Rate ..................................... 125, 153 
Reference Time ............................................ 163 
Reg. S Global Note ................................... v, 185 
Reg. S Notes ................................................. 185 
Registered Global Notes ........................... v, 185 
Registered Notes ........................................ i, 112 
Registrar ....................................................... 110 
Regulation S .................................................... iv 
Relevant Amounts ........................................ 196 
Relevant Date ............................................... 183 
relevant Dealer .................................................. i 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................ 125 
Relevant Governmental Body ...................... 163 
Relevant Nominating Body .......................... 160 
Relevant Number .................................. 129, 134 
Relevant Regulator ....................................... 118 
Relevant Reset Margin ................................. 153 
Relevant Resolution Authority ..................... 196 
relevant time ................................................. 118 
Reset Date ............................................ 122, 153 
Reset Determination Date ............................. 153 
Reset Determination Time ............................ 153 
Reset Notes Interest Amount ........................ 148 
Reset Period .................................................. 154 
Reset Reference Bank Rate .......................... 154 
Reset Reference Banks ................................. 154 
Reset Reference Bond .................................. 154 
Reset Reference Rate .................................... 154 
Reset United States Treasury Securities ....... 155 
Reset 
United 
States 
Treasury 
Securities 
Quotation .................................................. 155 
resident of Japan ........................................... 257 
Restricted Global Note ............................. v, 185 
Restricted Notes ........................................... 185 
restricted securities ....................................... 194 
retail investor ........................................ 253, 254 
Rules ............................................................. 108 
S&P .................................................................. ii 
Safe Harbor Resales ..................................... 253 
SEC .................................................................. v 
Second Reset Date ........................................ 155 
Securities Act .......................... iv, 185, 251, 252 
Security ................................................. 251, 252 
Selection Date............................................... 176 
Senior Creditors ............................................ 115 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes .............................. i 
Senior Preferred Notes ...................................... i 
Series ............................................................ 111 
SFA ........................................... viii, 73, 91, 256 
SIBOR .......................................................... 125 
SIS ........................................................... iv, 113 
SIX Swiss Exchange ................................. i, 113 
SOFR .................................................... 132, 134 
SOFR Administrator ............................. 132, 134 
SOFR Administrator’s Website .................... 134 
SOFR Administrator's Website .................... 132 
SOFR Determination Time ........................... 132 
SOFR Index .................................................. 134 
SOFR IndexEnd ............................................ 135 
SOFR IndexStart ........................................... 135 
SOFRi ........................................................... 133 
SONIA Compounded Index .......................... 129 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd ................... 129 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart .................. 129 
SONIA Reference Rate ................................. 127 
SONIAi ......................................................... 127 
Specified Currency ............................... 155, 171 
Specified Time .............................................. 125 
Statutory Non-Preferred Claims .................... 115 
Sterling ............................................................ vii 
STIBOR ........................................................ 125 
Subordinated Notes ............................................ i 
Subscription and Sale ...................................... 66 
Subsequent Margin ....................................... 155 
Subsequent Reset Date .................................. 155 
Subsequent Reset Period ............................... 155 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest ................. 155 
Subsidiary ..................................................... 119 
Substitute Obligor ......................................... 192 
sub-unit ......................................................... 120 
successor in business ..................................... 193 
Successor Rate .............................................. 160 
Swiss Domestic Notes .............................. iv, 113 
Swiss Global Note ................................... iv, 113 
Swiss Paying Agents ..................................... 110 
Swiss Principal Paying Agent ....................... 110 
Talons ........................................................... 111 
TARGET2 System ........................................ 122 
Temporary Bearer Global Note ........................ iv 
TIBOR .......................................................... 125 
Tier 1 Capital ................................................ 119 
Tier 2 Capital ................................................ 119 
Tranche ......................................................... 111 
Transfer Agent .............................................. 110 
Transfer Agents ............................................. 110 
Transfer Certificate ....................................... 186 
U.S. dollars ..................................................... vii 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day .. 133, 
135 
U.S.$ ............................................................... vii 
UK............................................................ i, ii, 91 
UK MiFIR ....................................................... 73 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............ vi 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ......................... vi, 73, 91 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................... iv 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ........... 163 
United States Treasury Securities ................. 155 
URL ................................................................ vii 
US PERSONS ............................................... 252 
VPS ............................................................ i, 110 
VPS Account Manager ................................. 110 
VPS Letter....................................................... 71 
VPS Notes .................................................. i, 110 
winding-up of the Issuer ................................. 41 
Y1 .......................................................... 145, 146 
Y2 .......................................................... 145, 146 
Yen .................................................................. vii

--- Page 274 ---
11/86235560_3 
264 
 
THE ISSUER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT and EXCHANGE AGENT and 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citibank Europe PLC 
Citigroup Centre 
1 North Wall Quay 
Canada Square 
Dublin 
Canary Wharf 
Ireland 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
DNB Bank ASA, Legal Department 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0021 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To the Dealers as to English law  
To the Dealers as to Norwegian Law 
Herbert Smith Freehills LLP 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Exchange House, Primrose Street 
Dronning Mauds Gate 11 
London EC2A 2EG 
PO Box 1513 Vika 
United Kingdom 
0250 Oslo 
 
Norway 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 6 
Oslo Atrium 
P.O. Box 20 
NO-0051 Oslo 
Norway

--- Page 275 ---
11/86235560_3 
265 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland 
 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
51 rue La Boétie 
Reuterweg 16 
75008 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Citigroup Centre 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Canada Square 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Canary Wharf 
Germany 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DNB Bank ASA 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
N-0021 Oslo 
Germany 
Norway 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Plumtree Court  
38, avenue Kléber 
25 Shoe Lane  
75116 Paris 
London EC4A 4AU 
France 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
Arabellastrasse 12 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland